 to come out of it's darkness
So Johann F. Blumenbach, a German
Came out of nowhere and started confirming
White supremacy and men of colors
Before this time, all men were brothers
It was Johann, who went on to say
There are five different colors in the world today
That's caucasian, malayan, and mongolian
American-Indian, and ethiopian
Yet, the ignorance gets scarier
He believed whites were superior
According to his idiotic fountain
The purest whites were from the Caucas mountains
J. A. Blofener, and H. S. Chamberlain
Both supported this outrageous racism
This went on to what the master race should be
And why they killed the Jews in Germany
Here is the reason why I'm so concerned
Because you, must, learn!!!!

[Verse 1: Robin Gibb]
It hurts me when you cry
When you feel the love is gone
Don't give up on us when you got so much to believe in
And so I beg you please stay yeah
Danger in the night
A flame that never dies
In a world of lonely faces
You need someone to survive
A love like yours should never live alone

[Chorus: Barry Gibb and Robin Gibb]
Let me be your bodyguard, (I can be useful to you)
We can just get excited, stop before we go too far
Let me be your bodyguard (Living in my protection)
We can just get ignited
Lost inside
It's only you and me

[Verse 2: Robin Gibb]
There's things you shouldn't do
You lose your self-control
Should the eyes of a perfect stranger
Take you down to a new sensation
Just turn back to me
Don't wait till it's gone
Don't go where you don't belong
In a world of pain and sorrow
Every wish is your command
A heart like yours
Should always find a home

[Pre-Chorus: Barry Gibb]
I know the signs and I'm telling you you're living on borrowed time
But a heart needs love like a flower needs rain
Like I'm making you mine

[Chorus - Variation: Barry Gibb and Robin Gibb]
Let me be your bodyguard, (I can be useful to you)
We can just get excited, stop before we go too far
Let me be your bodyguard. (Living in my protection)
We can just get ignited
What we had never known all our lives
I pray it's not too late
I would die by your side my love
I'm the life that you save

[Bridge: Robin Gibb and Barry Gibb]
In this world of pain and sorrow
Every wish is your command
A heart like yours should never live alone
I used to dream of a special one
And now I feel it's coming true
But I couldn't let go, I'm a jealous guy
What you're putting me through

[Chorus] 

[x2]

[Part I: Real One]

[Intro: Tyga & Chris Brown]
Yeah
I could give a fuck about your nigga, baby
(D.A. on the track)
Ha!
That nigga weak

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Ha!
Ayy, baby, you baby
That's some good pussy, we can make a new baby
F-Fuck you in the Maybach, fuck a room, baby
I use my tongue, use your mouth, watch your tooth, baby (Mmm)
Dick game proper, got a lot of bodies
And the house game Hilton, got a lot of lobbies
Bitches overnight it, what you know 'bout it?
T-Raww whip out, tap out

[Verse 2: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
I got 'em all hooked like drugs (Ha!)
And all them tryna fuck with a young nigga (Yeah)
Pulled up to the club like what
Straight to V.I.P
Double cup it
I stay too turned up 'cause we poppin' bottles in here
Baby, I'm just tryna party
Yeah, 'cause I'm the man of the year

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm tryna get a little buzz
Party jumpin' and a nigga spendin' money
Hope I get fucked up
I see your girl lookin' over at me
She wanna turn up
I can tell by the look in her face
That she ain't happy with you, nigga
And I can bet that I'm gon' get her

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
And I don't
I don't really care if
(I don't care about your nigga, baby)
If you gotta man
(That nigga weak)
'Cause you over there starin'
(I see you starin' at a nigga, baby)
At me, at me, yeah
I guess your nigga too lame, huh?
Girl, I bet you want a real one, yeah
You want a real one, yeah
You want a real one (Real one)

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Girl, I know you wanna
Jump up on it right there, right there
'Cause everybody in the club gettin' faded
A hundred thousand dollar tab, I'ma pay it
Girl, the party's jumpin'
DJ's bumpin' my shit, oh yeah
Got everybody in the club lookin' at us
I'm at the top, I just climbed up the ladder, real shit
Girl, you givin' me the screw face
I know them bitches hatin' on you, yeah, they two-faced
I know he told you not to drink but what do you say?
I know he tryna lock you down like me and Boosie
Fuck that nigga, my middle finger up
Fuck a rap nigga, you just want a singer, huh?
I'm with this shit and you love it
Gon' and twerk some for me

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm tryna get a little buzz (Little buzz)
Party jumpin' and a nigga spendin' money
Hope I get fucked up (Ooh yeah)
I see your girl lookin' over at me
She wanna turn up (Wanna turn up)
I can tell by the look in her face
That she ain't happy with you, nigga
And I can bet that I'm gon' get her (Ayy)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Boosie Badazz]
And I don't (I don't)
I don't really care if (Care if)
(I don't care about your nigga, baby)
If you gotta man (Hey)
(That nigga weak)
'Cause you over there starin' (What you lookin' at?)
(I see you starin' at a nigga, baby)
At me, at me, yeah
I guess your nigga too lame, huh?
Girl, I bet you want a real one, yeah
You want a real one (You), yeah (Boosie Badazz)
You want a real one  (Real one, turn, turn, turn)

[Verse 4: Boosie Badazz]
Turn up, stop stuntin' that nigga (Huh, bro)
We straight, I got more money than that nigga (Aw, bro)
She ain't loyal 'cause he ain't me
Go to jail, she gon' leave you like them girls did me (Oh Lord)
She want a real one, oh, she want somethin'
Look at all this money over here, she want some
She ain't thirsty (She ain't even thirsty)
But when you that bad, every chick need bags and purses (Oh)
Scorpio sex, girl, my tongue on her (Oh)
Meet me all day, we just press record
Ten mill' in two months, God bless me, girl (God bless me, girl)
You over there starin', next to me, girl (Haha)
Them hotties is flockin', it's three in the mornin' (Turn up)
Them bottles is poppin', she's feelin' the moment (Turn up)
She got a man, I ain't worried about that (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Got a lotta, got a lotta, got a lotta respect

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
And I don't
I don't really care if
(I don't care about your nigga, baby)
If you gotta man
(That nigga weak)
'Cause you over there starin' (What you lookin' at?)
(I see you starin' at a nigga, baby)
At me, at me, yeah (Hey, yeah)
I guess your nigga too lame, huh?
Girl, I bet you want a real one, yeah
You want a real one, yeah
You want a real one (Real one)

[Outro: Chris Brown]
Baby, I don't really care if
(I don't care about your nigga, baby)
If you gotta man
(That nigga weak)
'Cause you over there starin'
(I see you starin' at a nigga, baby)
At me, at me, yeah
I guess your nigga too lame, huh?
I bet you want a real one
You want a real one
You want a real one

[Part II: Skit]

[Tyga]
Hello?

[Chris Brown]
Wassup, nigga?

[Tyga]
What up, nigga? I'm high as a motherfucker

[Chris Brown]
Shit, me too. I'm on there watchin' National Geographic, nigga. They got some motherfuckin' whales, fuckin' on this shit. What the fuck?

[Tyga]
Hahaha. Sounds interesting

[Chris Brown]
Hahaha, man

[Tyga]
I got these lil' two birds in my house right now

[Chris Brown]
Oh! The bag, the bag, the bag!

[Tyga]
Hahaha, you know, thotaronies

[Chris Brown]
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, man, um

[Tyga]
Ayy, nigga, let's throw a party or somethin', I'm bored as shit

[Chris Brown]
Shit, I'm with it. Ayy, I'ma call some bitches up. You got some weed?

[Tyga]
Yeah, I'ma call the weed

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Ha!
Y'all know me, still same OG, young T-Y-G
Hated on by most these niggas
But I still keep shittin' on niggas lowkey
I don't fuck with you to the third degree
I keep a G, DMV, you owe a three
Schemin' on the low, tryna make a nigga profitly
All I do is get money, fuck, and sleep
I should run for mayor
Been runnin' shit, you barely maintain your bitch
No, this ain't no, let's say, regular degular shit (Woo-ha, woo-ha)
Break a neck on some Busta shit
Souls of Mischief (A-Aw shit, aw shit)
I be on 'til infinity ('finity)
Don't predict, bitch, what I'm gon' do
'Cause chances are I've outdone you
And most of my so called enemies
Spit your game, talk your shit
Grab your gat, call your clique
Ball so hard I don't need the assist
I'm the best, I keep sayin' that shit
Nigga, you should too
If you knew what this game'll do to you
Look at bullshit that I've been through
Just to drive through and shit on you

[Chorus: Tyga]
Don't get it fucked up
Yesterday, was the freshest nigga in America
I swear to God I ain't lyin', bruh, I ain't lyin', bruh
In America
Don't get it fucked up
Niggas talkin' 'bout old shit
I pull up, they like, "Oh shit"
Now look who's talkin', bitch
Now look who's talkin', bitch, yeah
Don't get it fucked up
I do this shit for my—
D-Do this shit for my—
Do this shit for my loved ones
Don't get it fucked up
I do this shit for my—
D-Do this shit for my—
I don't trust niggas, I only trust funds

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Nowadays everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move they lips
This extended clip will make Buddha shit
Shawty comin' and pullin' up with them Hooter tits
Never use a nigga, but she abuse the dick
I lick the pussy, let it air dry
We in a boat, nigga, right off the coast
The European or Caribbean
I'm sweatin' out my hair dye
So don't get it fucked up
I got a handful of matches, fuckin' with a bad bitch
All my niggas is savages, better loc up
Damn, it's a tragedy, all of these casualties
Metal through his body, nigga, check his anatomy, oh shit
Why you pillow talkin'? That's ho shit
Nigga, you a geek, still talkin' 'bout me fuckin' yo' bitch
I can't lie, can't lie
I got a bunch of bad hoes and a wife on the side
I believe I can fly, I'm the shit now
Wanna be like Mike when I die
Step right up, can't name any nigga that can fuck with us
I'ma bring the pain, we gon' be the game-changers
All in your face, I'm bustin' nuts, ah!

[Chorus: Tyga, with Chris Brown]
Don't get it fucked up
Yesterday, was the freshest nigga in America
I swear to God I ain't lyin', bruh, I ain't lyin', bruh
In America
Don't get it fucked up
Niggas talkin' 'bout old shit
I pull up, they like, "Oh shit"
Now look who's talkin', bitch
Now look who's talkin', bitch, yeah
Don't get it fucked up
I do this shit for my—
D-Do this shit for my—
Do this shit for my loved ones
Don't get it fucked up
I do this shit for my—
D-Do this shit for my—
I don't trust niggas, I only trust funds

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Did y'all think I would let my dough freeze?
Ho, please
Better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to throw Ps?
Who you think taught you to rap keys?
Dress Dries, Phillip Lim, SLPs
Like Snoop D-O-double G
Nigga, murder was the case so motherfuck the police
Y'all niggas soft like Emojis, with the heart eyes
Y'all part skies, y'all cloud killas
We aimin' niggas, my soul is blacker than apartheid
We coupe niggas, you niggas ridin' four doors
Like Uber nigga, we pilin' all of your whores
On the canopy my stamina be
Enough for Pamela Anderson Lee
My Katy Perry ain't afraid to carry
That shit you sniff, Taylor Swift
Niggas talk yet it remains a myth
I never seen it, they only dream it
They rap about it, do interviews
With they toy cars and they little jewels

[Chorus: Tyga, with Chris Brown]
Don't get it fucked up
Yesterday, was the freshest nigga in America
I swear to God I ain't lyin', bruh, I ain't lyin', bruh
In America
Don't get it fucked up
Niggas talkin' 'bout old shit
I pull up, they like, "Oh shit"
Now look who's talkin', bitch
Now look who's talkin', bitch, yeah
Don't get it fucked up
I do this shit for my—
D-Do this shit for my—
Do this shit for my loved ones
Don't get it fucked up
I do this shit for my—
D-Do this shit for my—
I don't trust niggas, I only trust funds

[Verse 1]
When the morning comes and you’re still sleeping
With all those dreams in your pretty head
I light a fire while the sun comes creeping
All across the meadow bed
The old clock has stopped, no longer ticking
No longer counting every second

[Verse 2]
Out by the car our snowman's melting
Nothing can bring him back now
His smile a twig and his nose a cucumber
His eyes two pine cones looking out
We got pictures of him like two little kids laughing
In the snow we were walking hand in hand

[Bridge]
We went looking for a big surprise
And when we found before our eyes
Two white elks grazing on the green
We heard the honkers coming
Landing on the lakes of summer
Nesting there and waiting for a dream

[Verse 1]
When the morning comes and you’re still sleeping
With all those dreams in your pretty head
I light a fire and the sun comes creeping
All across the meadow bed

[Verse 1]
I started out to be
The man behind the scenes
Knowing I was in above my head
For all that I could see
I never saw the truth
Now I'm alone

[Pre-Chorus]
Heaven only knows how much I'm missing you
Knowing I had heaven in my hands
And there will be tears, tears are mixed with rain
Keeper of my flame

[Chorus]
Time and tide is on my side
It stands forever
There will be nights of love
And yes there will be tears
I will not sleep tonight
There will be tears tonight
I will not sleep tonight
There will be tears

[Verse 2]
The silent telephone
The turning of the key
You're still inside of me
I'm not ashamed
For all that I can do
I can't forget your face
I call your name

[Pre-Chorus -Variation]
Heaven only knows what I've been crying for
And all I've done to keep this love alive
Even through my tears, tears are mixed with rain
Keeper of my flame

[Chorus]

[Chorus - Variation]
Soon there will be tears
Rolling down my world
Keeper of my flame
Time and tide is on my side
It stands forever
There will be nights of love
And yes there will be tears

[Coda]x3
I will not sleep tonight
There will be tears tonight
I will not sleep tonight
There will be tears

[Intro: Robin Gibb & Barry Gibb]
Dark is the night
High is the fire
Touches the sky
Love with no shape or form
I am in your mind's eye
Just let your dreams run wild

[Verse 1: Barry Gibb]
Somewhere, out across the nation
Someone, waiting in the shadows
Listen, I don't wanna hear
Return to, sender
Calling, I can see the future
Someday, signal with a single motion
Show me you believe in someone, somewhere

[Pre-Chorus: Robin Gibb]
Oh baby you, you give, me
You give me the runaround
Just another night, with, you
You're on my mind
And we got love
And love'll take you higher and higher and higher
Higher and higher

[Chorus: Barry Gibb & Robin Gibb]
E.S.P
I communicate with you
Tell me what it means to feel
What am I supposed to do
E.S.P
Nothing any words can say
Nothing that we know is real
But it'll take your breath away
Your breath away

[Verse 2]
Danger, suddenly an early warning
Suddenly the soul is burning
But I still believe in someone, somewhere

[Pre-Chorus]

[Chorus]

[Bridge: Robin Gibb]
Be prepared to make your sacrifice, tonight
Far beyond the point of no return, oh no

[Coda]
And we got love
And love'll take you higher and higher and higher
Higher and higher, higher and higher

[Chorus]x repeat until fade
Oh
What it is to be lonely
Deep in the green grass
Of the valley of fear

One time long ago
I tried so hard to reach you
A song I tried to teach you
But you were never there

Deep in the sleep I'm under
There is the sound of a lonely violin
Not even now there's nothing I'd be taking
What world am I forsaking
When you were never there

Now let it all begin
I wanna hear it, now, let it all begin
Bring me the sound of a lonely violin

Oh
What it is to be lonely
Deep in the green grass
Of the valley of fear
One time long ago
I tried so hard to reach you
A song I tried to teach you
But you were never there

Now, let it all begin
I wanna hear it now let it all begin
Bring me the sound of a lonely violin

[Verse 1]
In the summertime we met to see a threat
That came to harm something we both loved
And as the hours passed we talked until at last
It came the time to part

[Chorus]
I was doing well and I thought she liked my style
I had no business thinking like that but it lasted quite a while
I got my promises made but before the timeless father
I showed plastic flowers to Mother Nature’s daughter

[Post Chorus]
She held a vase, her misty gaze brought them to life
I was amazed, she turned to me with a tear in her eye

[Verse 2]
We went to give our thanks along the river banks
And watched the water flow as it rolled along
She scooped some river sand and held it in her hand
And sang a little song
We saw the water lines left there from ancient times
I watched the sand falling through her fingers
On the shore so dry

[Chorus]
I was doing well, and I thought she liked my style
I had no business feeling like that but it lasted quite a while
I got my promises made but before the timeless father
I showed plastic flowers to Mother Nature’s daughter

[Verse 1]
When I’m riding down the road in my car travelin' without you
I can still see you sittin’ there, right by my side
With the headlights of the oncoming cars flashin' in the windshield
There’s a glimmer of everything that I once saw in you

[Bridge]
Tough love can leave you almost alone
But new love brings back everything to you
All the feelings in your heart come re-awakened

[Verse 2]
Like a forest without leaves on it’s trees standing in the desert
Like the light that still leaks through when you close the door
Like the changes in our life that hits so hard that day I couldn’t find you
There’s a glimmer of everything good that once came before

[Bridge]
Tough love can leave you almost alone
But new love brings back everything to you
All the feelings in your heart come reawakened

[Outro]
And there’s a glimmer of everything good that once came before
There’s still a glimmer of everything that I first saw in you

[Verse 1]
When the blues moved north to Chicago they came
And I caught some myself in this blind alley and rain
Close to the L with its clattering train
Near an old ornate theater where I soon will be playing
I soon will be playing

[Verse 2]
So I said hello for you, when I saw a stylish girl
Walking by on the sidewalk with her hair in a swirl
From the wind that was growing at the end of the day
And I wondered what would be coming my way
What would be coming my way
Coming my way

[Verse 3]
You know I been to Chicago, I was here once before
And the rain kept on pounding outside the stage door
I was singing and drinking with love in my heart
I was younger and stronger while life played it’s part
While life played it’s part
Life played it’s part
Life played it’s part

[Verse 4]
Let us not be strangers if we come to know
Things about each other that seem to come go
‘Cause friendship is everything if love is to last
And I have my guard down and love passes fast
Love passes fast
Love passes fast
Love passes fast

[Outro]
Say hello to Chicago
Say hello to Chicago
Say hello to Chicago
Say hello to Chicago

[Verse 1]
Someday you’ll want me
Someday you're gonna get back there
Someday you’ll see me, like you used to do

[Verse 2]
I got my problems
But they mostly show up with you
Someday you’ll see me, like you used to do

[Bridge]
I couldn’t satisfy you
Just couldn’t show you my love
But I kept on trying
Yeah, I tried and I tried
And as the time went by
You just didn’t want it no more

[Harmonica Solo]

[Verse 3]
Yeah, some day you’ll want me
Someday you’re gonna get back there
Someday you’re gonna need me, like you used to do

[Verse 1]
So many people don’t understand
What it’s like to be like me
But I’m not different from anyone else
I’m glad I found you

[Verse 2]
It’s not that we got anything new
It’s not that it’s any better or worse
The way life treats us is a blessing and a curse
I’m glad I found you

[Verse 3]
When you’re walking in a crowded place
I’ll try to hide you and give you space
And I’ll protect you from the things that come
I’m glad I found you

[Verse 4]
The other day when you took my hand
We walked away to the promised land
When I feel your soul in mine
I’m glad I found you

[Bridge]
Glad I found you in this sad world
Where so many things have gone wrong
It took me so long just to find you
Right where we belong

I’m glad I found you in this mad world
You’re a lifeline to me
And when I hold you I will shield you
From the things that we both see

[Verse 1]
So many people don’t understand
What it’s like to be like me
But I’m not different from anyone else
I’m glad I found you
I’m glad I found you
I’m glad I found you

[Verse 1]
When I watch you sleeping
There’s nothing that you hide
When I smell you breathing
There’s a sweetness from inside
And when I feel you stirring
And the day is about to break
Outside wings are whirring
And the sky is there to take

[Bridge]
I wonder how I got so close to you
And see the chances that you take
Without thinking I’m going there too
These are the promises you make
When your eyes are blinded by love
And the history of fate

[Verse 2]
When I hear you purring
Like a kitten and a lion
And I feel your softness
How you got it without trying
Then you roll and tumble
With your dreams still holding on
And I hear that rumble
In the stomach of the dawn

[Bridge]
Today I paint my masterpiece
Tonight I trace my tears
Thinking through the road I took to you
And where I stumbled through the years

[Harmonica Solo]

[Bridge]
Today I paint my masterpiece
Tonight I trace my tears
Thinking through my path to you
And where I stumbled through the years
That’s when I knew I’d never hold you down
Repeating old roads and fears

[Verse 3]
Now the crows are calling
And the blackbirds sing in my ear
You got one eye open
And I’m smiling through my tears
But you’ll never see them
They're inside with my fears
In a place that’s fading away
And taking on new years

[Verse 1]
Tumbleweed
Your inner spirit is a peace sign to me
Life is full of little tricks and
We can always pick up sticks and build again
That’s what we do

[Verse 2]
Harmony
The way we hold on when we tumble through the night
Life is full of strange delights and
In the darkness we find lights to make our way
Back home again

[Bridge]
Tumbleweed
I’m baring my soul to you
Tumbleweed
It’s all that I’ve got that’s true

[Verse 3]
Bite me now
With your confusion, your happiness and delight
It will only hurt a moment
Then it’s gone and you can see there’s nothing left
To leave a mark

[Verse 4]
Animal
Care for your kind, in the way you always do
When the flower moon is shining
It’s eclipse and your lips smiling comfort me
And I comfort you

[Outro]
Tumbleweed
Your inner spirit is a peace sign to me

[Verse 1]
What's the best form of genocide?
Black-on-black crime
Cause I guess it takes up less of they time
What's the best form, best, best form of genocide?
Black-on-black crime
Cause I guess it takes up less time
Now, if you can make the niggas kill the other niggas, go figure
If you can make the niggas kill the other niggas, go figure
Then we'll have more time to make real figures
And we can still keep it lookin' at them like
"Damn, look at those real niggas
With they chains and they cars, but they still niggas"
Cause soon as a nigga gets it
Then another nigga wants to get it
Soon as another nigga has a girl
Then another nigga wants to hit it, admit it
Soon as a nigga has a crib
They want to break into that nigga crib
See where he live, see what he did
And don't wanna do the same shit he did to get that crib
Get it? You know, when niggas is killin' niggas
What's amazin' to me
What don't phase me is when niggas try to call me crazy
Cause they don't phase me
Cause I don't give a fuck what people think
Cause people don't think
See, I don't give a fuck what people think
Cause people just don't think
Now picture this; now if I show up onto this motherfucker
And express myself creatively
They always want to say, "He's crazy, see"
And when they so distressed
What would be the best thing to write?
How 'bout this: "Kanye West wears a dress"?
Yes, now maybe that can take away from the way
I kick them niggas ass on 12/12/12
Maybe that can take away
Nah, nah, nigga, they seen it, these niggas seen it theyself
Well, and my grandfather ninety-seven
He said, "I ain't never seen you get down like that"
He ain't give a fuck about the kilt, this dress
Whatever the fuck they call it
You see, niggas killin' niggas
You can't see through the fog
With all the negativity that they write on a blog
I give a fuck about what somebody think
If that person doesn't think
It's too early in the conversation anyway
You know, they say, "You should be embarrassed
You should be embarrassed, you a nigga
How the fuck you gonna show your clothin' line in Paris?"
You should be embarrassed, you should be
Didn't you read the reviews, the press?
I don't give a fuck, I guess
I don't give a fuck, no, it's not that I don't give a fuck
It's that I give most of the fuck and I'm not givin' up
And it's not that I'm crazy, no, that's a lie
I'm not crazy, I'm just not satisfied
And I would die for what I believe in
When I see that, uh, just a change what y'all receivin'
Do you all receive us? Do y'all believe it? It's too much
Okay, there's someone they can't touch
How 'bout some integrity from your favorite celebrity?
That's me, that's me, niggas killin' niggas
"Why he do that? Why he wear that?
Why he say that? Where he play it?
Oh, my God, nigga, niggas
It's bad enough, it's hard enough
It's hard enough, it's hard enough, it's hard enough
It's hard enough, it's hard enough
But you can never say I didn't give my heart enough
And if we did somethin' good
And we didn't say, "Oh, excuse me. Pardon us"
Then they want to throw niggas back
On, on, on the retarded bus
And when they riot in the streets
They gon' say, "What, what the fuck started us?
And made 'em start it up?"
And look at me like I ain't smart enough
And everybody got a suggestion and a lesson
And a question and a stress
And then they always want to stress a man, uh
And say, "Maybe he's too aggressive", or, uh, well
Maybe the shit you doin' is just not impressive to a nigga
So let me make this clear
It won't be long 'til y'alls get more of what y'all gettin' right here
No, I ain't talkin' 'bout nobody comin' to Atlantic City
Talkin' 'bout, "Oh, it's just a casino show"
Or, "It's just New Years, so we can't do nothin' really creative"
No, I'm talkin' about a motherfucker workin' every day
From four o'clock in this buildin'
Readjustin' all these fuckin' cameras
To make this show better and better
Better every night for y'all
And all they can say, "He got a mask on. He crazy"
But they just tryin' to fuckin' deter you
From what you are seein' in front of you
This is "Jesus Walks", this is "Can't Tell Me Nothing"
I'm not crazy, I'm just not satisfied
So maybe let this time open up your mind
And let you know that you can do anythin' in life
Yeah, baby, you can shine
This right here lets you know you can do anythin' in life
With enough time and focus and focus and time and time
And don't let nobody tell you
Cause ain't nobody fuckin' with my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique
When I look around, they don't do it like my clique, so here
Since they'll probably put this online
Let me make this shit real clear
Michael Jackson died from a lack of information
From motherfuckers bein' around him lyin' to him
Actin' like shit okay, but I'm a find the information
Don't believe nothin' that they say
Don't matter who you look up to
Don't take more than ninety percent of what the fuck they say
Cause they are not you
And that extra ten percent is what makes you you
So you do what the fuck you want to do
And if somebody tell you you can't do it
Be like, "Man, who the fuck are you?"
You only got one life that you know about, you only got
And time is somethin' you can never get back
Most important thing
Don't forget that time is somethin' that you never can get back
So don't forgot that cause the money could go
And you could spend it over and over
And over and over, over, over, oh
And the cars could crash
And now did that tell me, "What do you have?"
And the house can burn down
And whose your real friends when you turn around?
Yeah, that's your clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfuckin' clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don't do like my clique
Clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad ladies

[Intro]
Yes, I can make you that cherry pie

[Chorus]
You can call me liberty
I'm your number one girl
You give me everything
I'm gonna save the world

[Verse 1]
Oh how I like the way you say my name
Do you like the way I say yours too?
Okay, you like the games I play
Roller coaster, Coca-Cola
Crystal methamphetamine

[Chorus]
You can call me liberty
I'm your number one girl
You give me everything
I'm gonna save the world

[Verse 1]
I'm like Twista on the rap side
I'm like weave on the track side
I'm Don Juan on the mack side
I'm Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen and Pac's son
I'm Phil Jackson, this is South Side
They call me Kan', the Louis Vuitton don
But I still might throw on a little (?) on
Same place where the (?) from
Same place I got my flows from
Place I got my hoes from
Talkin', tell me if you know somethin'
Go on 'head, roll somethin'
Bitches get they (?) on when you turn Luke on
Gangstas dance, but they still get they (?) on
Bad Boys II on and she want to go
I'm a cop the bootleg from it for the show
Watch the DVD in the car cause the way a nigga live
We have more TVs in the whip than in the crib
My nigga sells cellphones, we call him Lil' Flip
Welcome to Chicago, my city is the shit

[Verse 1]
The problem is it ain't that I'm very good
It's that I'm scary good
Beats very hood, doin' numbers Mariah Carey would
Or in Hollywood doin' movies Jim Carrey would
Pardon, he's narcissist, we spittin' shit so arsonist
When I know the globe already warm before I spit
Woah, woah, woah, yeah, homie, that's the theme song
First I get my money right, then I get my team on
If I always pray to have (?) on
Three hundred dollar jeans on, do I mean I drink (?)
And I was high as the Learjet, fly as the insect
Even though we in debt
And it don't matter what the night, I get her number
Cause when I get my number right, she gon' come runnin'
And I be good like God with an extra O
God knows that my cheque needs some extra Os
And you know that you need to need to bring some extra hoes
Nothin' (?) penis, either tell 'em bring some sexy clothes

[Verse 1]
Uh, now tell me who it is
K-Dot, young kid runnin' the music biz
You tell me what's worse
Me bein' the best rapper or rappers dyin' of thirst?
I'm just like a gun-clapper with these words
And you know I'm packin'
And that word is meant for Janet Jackson
I'm a black hippy, that's what I know
I wear a heart black, I love peace, that's my clothes
And so, and I don't know this name
(Steve Buscemi, he's the actor, man)
Thank you for that ad-lib, G
Next thing you know, I google him up, it might be me
I hope he's rich, I hope he's contra
Band in my pocket, no, I don't have sponsors
Don't want the police to come in this place
Because I might run and I run this race
That's in the rap game
You got some more words, I go absurd
I got nouns, I got more verbs, this is the curb
I swing, my nigs, I flip flows
I come from the West, I do it the best
I don't stress, no contest
Any rapper want to come see with Rickey Smiley?
You can't see me, we creep up back of the alley
And beat they ass and take they cash
And then we stab, off in that Jag
I'm in, uh, celebrity crushes
I give 'em, they see me, I give them blushes
I'm talkin' Halle Berry, Stacey Dash
But she vote for Mitt Romney
No, I don't want that ass
I'm talkin' Obama, I'm talkin' more drama
This another word, your momma
Nah, that's Ebony Steele, that's me, for real
She got them long hairs, but she don't wear high heels
That means she's confident, that means she's beautiful
That mean she got no dirt in the cuticles
That means she got that watch
I mean, she got the shades
Shirley Caesar, left seat, man
After forty years, they'll sweep her in through the city
That's like me, that's like Jay Z, Pac and Biggie
That like me, that's like rappers don't know where I'm from
That's Compton, everybody don't want none
I got the people in the back straight cheerin'
I got the eyes wide open just like the deers in front of the

[Verse 1]
K-Dot, Kendrick Lamar, got mad heart
Come from Compton, I spit straight heart
Got my hood on for Trayvon Martin
Freedom, justice, you know we gon' be started
Get the party started every time we come through flippin'
Flamin' Hot Cheetos I'm eatin'
I'm skippin' across L.A., that's somethin' that we do
Each and every day, hangin' with my crew
Throw another word, watch how I observe the train
Matter of face, where's my girl, Sherane
And when I say "train", that don't means that I flip her
Yeah, we did toss, turn just like Flipper
My favorite cartoon, you know
Got to go with Bugs Bunny Cartoon Show
Tiny Toon Adventures, Dennis the Menace
I'm a menace, I spit, break the World of Guinness
When I'm flowin', you never know, I need another word
Give me nouns and verbs, what I spit is absurd
The Finals, the Heat, yeah, they came with the Heat
LeBron, Wade, no, they can't be defeat
I stay in the shade, I'm in the darkness, I'm hot though
Another word, homie, you give me what you got
Who kills my vibe? The haters, the groupies
The Hoovers in the streets, they try to shoot me
I move with heat, you never can stop me
I come from Compton, (?)
The best strip club, it's down Atlanta, it's down Miami
I stay with the (?), I say, "What's up, shawty?"
You got your girl, I don't like fake ass, I need a referral
I see everybody twerkin'
Even Miley Cyrus got that motherfucker workin'
You can never stop me, The Rickey Smiley Show
I'm here, I'm here, I'm lettin' people know
The better celebrity female in the game
I like Rihanna, who else could complain?
I love, I can't even say the word
But I'm cussin' and I don't need to pronounce a verb
The Black Hippy is the crew, we do what we do
We stay in the booth, we do it, we shoot
We straight for the stars, you know just who we ares
We ride in Buicks, then we pushin' the flashy cars
I'm a flow all day, this The Rickey Smiley Show
Just to let you know, we still 'bout to go
They bring me in, they show love with the crew
Rickey Smiley Show, huh, you know what it do, what's up?

[Verse 1: Lady Gaga]
We love each other so deeply
That I ask you, the sweetheart
Why should we quarrel ever
Why can't we be enough clever, never to part

[Bridge: Lady Gaga]
Every time we say goodbye I die a little
Every time we say goodbye I wonder why a little
Why the gods above me who must be in the know
Think so little of me
They allow you to go

[Verse 2: Lady Gaga]
When you're near
There's such an air of spring about it
I can hear a lark somewhere begin to sing about it
There's no love song finer
But how strange the change from major to minor

[Hook: Lady Gaga]
Every time we say goodbye
Every time we say goodbye

[Music playing in the background]

[Man 1]
Ay, J, man, what you wanna drink on?

[Man 2]
Shit, man, let's sip on some of that Hennessy

[Man 1]
Cool, man
Ay, man, who the fuck is this?

[Seller]
Ay, ay, ay, my nigga, roll your window down, man, roll your window down
Wassup playa, ay, I got these gold chains, 14K, 80 dollars
Got—ay, 'fore you say anything, got 'em off some white folks in Buckhead, 14K

[Man 2]
Man, I don't need no chains, man
I don't need nothin', I'm straight

[Seller]
Naw, check game, 80 dollars, bro
14-karat gold is what I'm trying to tell ya now
Look, now, look, check it out...

[Man 1]
Man, what? Nigga, you trying to play me some fool or something? This shit ain't real, nigga

[Seller]
I said 14 muthafuckin' K, white folks in Bankhead—Buckhead, man...

[Man 1]
Go on, man, go on, go on, nigga...

[Seller]
Oh, that's a muthafuckin' pimp—nigga, what's up?
Man, holla at a nigga, man
80 dollars for this 14-karat gold chain, man—what It is?

[Man 2]
Naw, man, ain't got it, Gipp ain't got it
I'll give you a sack, nigga, what's up with that?
I'll give you a fuckin' sack

[Seller]
A what? A sack? Nigga, sack deez
I want greens, bills, dividends is what I'm talkin' 'bout

[Man 2]
Fuck that shit then, get the hell on

[Seller]
Recognize, 80 dollars, 14K, what y'all niggas wanna do?

[Man 2]
Get the hell on, nigga!

[Seller]
Alright, bro, just give me—hold on, man, just give me a sack, man
I'll just go sell the shit and make about 20 dollars, you know'm'sayin'
Come on up real like that

[Man 2]
That bullshit ain't even worth no sack...

[Seller]
Man, fuck y'all...

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar & Lalah Hathaway]
Everything black, I don't want black (They want us to bow)
I want everything black, I ain't need black (Down to our knees)
Some white, some Black, I ain't mean black (And pray to the God)
I want everything black (We don't believe)
Everything black, want all things black
I don't need black, want everything black
Don't need black, our eyes ain't black
I own black, own everything black

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Six in the morn'
Fire in the street
Burn, baby, burn (You, you, you, you, you)
That's all I wanna see (You, you, you, you, you)
And sometimes I get off watchin' you die in vain
It's such a shame, they may call me crazy
They may say I suffer from schizophrenia or somethin'
But homie, you made me (You, you, you, you, you)
Black don't crack, my nigga

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean
Been feelin' this way since I was sixteen, came to my senses
You never liked us anyway, fuck your friendship, I meant it
I'm African-American, I'm African, I'm black as the moon
Heritage of a small village, pardon my residence
Came from the bottom of mankind
My hair is nappy, my dick is big, my nose is round and wide
You hate me, don't you?
You hate my people, your plan is to terminate my culture
You're fuckin' evil
I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey
You vandalize my perception but can't take style from me
And this is more than confession
I mean I might press the button just so you know my discretion
I'm guardin' my feelings, I know that you feel it
You sabotage my community, makin' a killin'
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga

[Pre-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot

[Chorus: Assassin]
I said they treat me like a slave, cah' me Black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah' we Black
And man a say they put me inna chains, cah' we Black
Imagine now, big gold chains full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars 'pon me back
But now we have a big whip parked 'pon the block
All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we Black
Remember this, every race start from the block, jus 'member dat

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
Once I finish this, witnesses will convey just what I mean
I mean, it's evident that I'm irrelevant to society
That's what you're tellin' me, penitentiary would only hire me
Curse me 'til I'm dead, church me with your fake prophesizing
That I'ma be just another slave in my head
Institutionalized manipulation and lies
Reciprocation of freedom only live in your eyes
You hate me, don't you?
I know you hate me just as much as you hate yourself
Jealous of my wisdom and cards I dealt
Watchin' me as I pull up, fill up my tank, then peel out
Muscle cars like pull-ups, show you what these big wheels 'bout, ah
Black and successful, this black man meant to be special
Katzkins on my radar, bitch, how can I help you?
How can I tell you I'm making a killin'?
You made me a killer, emancipation of a real nigga

[Pre-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
The blacker the berry, the bigger I shoot

[Chorus: Assassin]
I said they treat me like a slave, cah' me Black
Woi, we feel a whole heap of pain, cah' we Black
And man a say they put me inna chains, cah' we Black
Imagine now, big gold chains full of rocks
How you no see the whip, left scars 'pon me back
But now we have a big whip parked 'pon the block
All them say we doomed from the start, cah' we Black
Remember this, every race start from the block, jus 'member dat

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
I'm the biggest hypocrite of 2015
When I finish this, if you listen, then sure you will agree
This plot is bigger than me, it's generational hatred
It's genocism, it's grimy, little justification
I'm African-American, I'm African
I'm Black as the heart of a fuckin' Aryan
I'm Black as the name of Tyrone and Darius, excuse my French
But fuck you — no, fuck y'all, that's as blunt as it gets
I know you hate me, don't you?
You hate my people, I can tell 'cause it's threats when I see you
I can tell 'cause your ways deceitful
Know I can tell because you in love with that Desert Eagle
Thinkin' maliciously, he get a chain then you gon' bleed him
It's funny how Zulu and Xhosa might go to war
Two tribal armies that wanna build and destroy
Remind me of these Compton Crip gangs that live next door
Beefin' with Pirus, only death settle the score
So don't matter how much I say I like to preach with the Panthers
Or tell Georgia State "Marcus Garvey got all the answers"
Or try to celebrate February like it's my B-Day
Or eat watermelon, chicken, and Kool-Aid on weekdays
Or jump high enough to get Michael Jordan endorsements
Or watch BET 'cause urban support is important
So why did I weep when Trayvon Martin was in the street
When gang-banging make me kill a nigga blacker than me?
Hypocrite!

[Instrumental Outro]

[Produced by Boi-1da & Koz]
All I know is if the Grammys want real artists to keep coming back, they need to stop playing with us. We ain't gonna play with them no more. 'Flawless,' Beyoncé video. Beck needs to respect artistry and he should have given his award to Beyoncé, and at this point, we tired of it. Because what happens is, when you keep on diminishing art and not respecting the craft and smacking people in the face after they deliver monumental feats of music, you're disrespectful to inspiration and we as musicians have to inspire people who go to work every day and they listen to that Beyoncé album and they feel like it takes them to another place. "Then they do this whole promotional event, they'll run the music over somebody's speech, the artist, because they want commercial advertising. Like, no, we not playing with them no more. By the way, I got my wife, my daughter and my clothing line, so I'm not going to do nothing to put my daughter at risk but I am here to fight for creativity. That's the reason why I didn't say anything tonight. But you all know what it meant when 'Ye walks on the stage.

[Produced by Amaire Johnson]

[Intro: Big Sean]
They used to tell me, used to tell me

[Chorus: Big Sean]
I hope you learn to make it on your own
And if you love yourself, just know you'll never be alone
I hope that you get everything you want and that you chose
I hope that it's the realest thing that you ever know
Hope you get the pretty girls that's pretty at everything
Million-dollar cribs, havin' million dollar dreams
And when you get it all, just remember one thing
Remember one thing, that one man could change the world
That one man could change the world

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
All I, all I wanted was a hundred million dollars and a bad chick
Imagined this so much, some nights it felt like that I had it
Back on the mattress, starin' at the ceilin' tryna connect the dots
But it's hard makin' those attachments
I'm talkin' dreamin' so hard, some nights it felt like draft day
You know? My - my stepbrother used to flip them bags
Outside the crib like it was trash day
No Kim K, but he bagged yay (Ye)
But when you're gettin' fast money, slow down, don't crash
With all the drive in the world, swear you still need gas
Look, think about it, close your eyes, dream about it
Tell your team about it, go make million-dollar schemes about it
Success is on the way, I feel it in the distance
Used to look up at the stars
And be like, "Ain't too much that's different"
I be shinin', they be shinin', get your one shot, don't you miss it
What you know bout' wakin' up every day like you on a mission?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
And I hope you learn to make it on your own
And if you love yourself, just know you'll never be alone
I hope that you get everything you want and that you chose
I hope that it's the realest thing that you ever know
Hope you get the pretty girls, that's pretty and everything
Million-dollar cribs, havin' million dollar dreams
And when you get it all, just remember one thing
Remember one thing, one man could change the world
One man could change the world

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
My grandma told me, "If you write your name in stone
You'll never get the white-out"
I grinded out that black hole then performed up at the White House
Standin' next to Jim Carrey, we traded stories, then laughed
I said you not the only one I know got rich wearin' masks
Where I'm from, I swear they broke
They need way more than the cast
We need more than what you have
And then we need more than that
But how am I supposed to say I'm tired
If that girl from West Virginia came up in conditions
That I couldn't survive?
Went to war, came back alive
On top of that became a female black captain
When being black, you had to extra-extra try
Way before James Brown made us proud
She bought a crib on the same street as Marvin Gaye
Right there on Outer Drive, and she taught me how to drive
And she raised the kids, then the kids' kids, and she did it right
Taught me how to love, taught me not to cry
When I die, I hope you teach me how to fly
All my life you've been that angel in disguise, sayin'...

[Chorus: John Legend]
I hope you learn to make it on your own
And if you love yourself, just know you'll never be alone
I hope that you get everything you want and that you chose
I hope that it's the realest thing that you ever know
Hope you get the pretty girls, that's pretty and everything
Million-dollar cribs, havin' million dollar dreams
And when you get it all, just remember one thing
Remember one thing, that one man can change the world
That one man can change the world

[Outro: Grandma & Big Sean]
Thank you for callin' me, been thinkin' about you
It's all good, I love you grandma
Bye

[Chorus: Big Sean & Jhene Aiko]
You win some and lose some, I heard that my whole life
I heard that my whole life, but that doesn't make it right
(Okay, you got ahead tonight)
Man, that doesn't make it right
Man, that doesn't make it right
How do you sleep at night?

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Sean, nigga you on, damn, nigga, you on
You was a millionaire but your niggas is still at home
Damn, nigga, you did it, but damn it you did it wrong
You got time for that gig, but not time for the phone
Got it right with your ends, but fucked it up with your friends
I seen your ass up on TV,  touched up on them twins
You don't know about hard times, you clutched up in that Benz
Get tired of fuckin' hoes then get to fuckin' their friends, whoa
Niggas want handouts, and I only got two
Now I'm on the phone talkin' to my mom like I only got you
Gettin' dressed up for court, that's a law suit
Ain't wearin' V necks, but niggas ask what happened to the crew
Now I'm in court for some shit I didn't do
Cause of my nigga, knowin' my career could've been through
So when it's time to travel management say I only need two
Listenin' to them when I'm the one that makes the rules
I'm just a victim of the life though that I ain't tryna lose
This the dream, I had a wake up call and missed snooze
Lately, though my family been too happy
I just turned my mama hooptie to a new Caddy
People thinkin' I'm rich and I wish they knew that
I been signed for four years and I'm just able to do that
Worry 'bout my next Rolex time piece
My nigga Tone worry 'bout our sis, Shanice
We supposed to be the role models
No wonder why she wanna smoke weed and skip college

[Pre-Chorus 1: Big Sean]
Is this the example I'm tryna set?
Are these the people I'mma forget?
Are these the times I'mma regret?
Livin' life wishin' I could hit reset but, but

[Chorus: Big Sean & Jhene Aiko]
You win some and lose some, I heard that my whole life
I heard that my whole life, but that doesn't make it right
(Okay, you got ahead tonight)
Man, that doesn't make it right
Man, that doesn't make it right
How do you sleep at night?

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Okay, you win some, lose some, break some, bruise some
Life could be a test, multiple choice, choose some
Choose one, stick with it, man, prove some
Sometimes the best teachers is ourselves goin' through somethin'
Real life will teach your ass way fucking fast
I always thought my last girl was supposed to be my last
I got four aunties, two uncles, one dad
One mom, two brothers, and 200 niggas mad
And it's only one me, divide it and do the math
I'm the one that dropped out, got no time for the class
How am I supposed to have time for everyone I just said?
I don't even have time for everything in my head
On my way to see Kim and Ye both tie the knot
Wishin' me and you were no strings attached, but were nots
Man thats drama, drama drama
So deep that call each others mamas' mamas
We need a break I mean comma, comma comma
I'm tryin, homie
But she always picks the wrong time like phones dyin' on me
In the bed cryin' on me, talkin' lyin' on me
It sucks to hit the internet and see you're lyin' on me

[Pre-Chorus 2: Big Sean & Jhene Aiko]
Fuck
Is this the example we tryna set?
Are you the person I'mma forget?
Are these the times I'mma regret?
Livin' life wishin' I could hit reset but, but

[Chorus: Big Sean & Jhene Aiko]
You win some and lose some, I heard that my whole life
I heard that my whole life, but that doesn't make it right
(Okay, you got ahead tonight)
Man, that doesn't make it right
Man, that doesn't make it right
How do you sleep at night?

[Outro]
See, the mind is a fucking trickster
It can fuck you 'round, but your heart will never lie to you
And that’s why people love you, Sean
Because you talk to them from the heart
(Thanks, dad)
That’s why you're magical, Sean
It’s no mistake that you’re where you are right now
You speaking that from your brain, but they hear you from your heart
Because people can see your bullshit
And I know I’m talking a lot of shit
(No, you’re not)
But I want you to hear that
Because I’m a great motherfucker, man
And I’m very modest
You know, I am
And I know a lot of shit
They know when you bullshit
They don’t even intellectualize it
They feel it
Life is a feeling process
I'm glad for my songs to be honored like this. But you know, they didn't get here by themselves. It's been a long road and it's taken a lot of doing. These songs of mine, they're like mystery stories, the kind that Shakespeare saw when he was growing up. I think you could trace what I do back that far. They were on the fringes then, and I think they're on the fringes now. And they sound like they've been on the hard ground

I should mention a few people along the way who brought this about. I know I should mention John Hammond, great talent scout for Columbia Records. He signed me to that label when I was nobody. It took a lot of faith to do that, and he took a lot of ridicule, but he was his own man and he was courageous. And for that, I'm eternally grateful. The last person he discovered before me was Aretha Franklin, and before that Count Basie, Billie Holiday and a whole lot of other artists. All noncommercial artists

Trends did not interest John, and I was very noncommercial but he stayed with me. He believed in my talent and that's all that mattered. I can't thank him enough for that

Lou Levy runs Leeds Music, and they published my earliest songs, but I didn't stay there too long. Levy himself, he went back a long ways. He signed me to that company and recorded my songs and I sang them into a tape recorder. He told me outright, there was no precedent for what I was doing, that I was either before my time or behind it. And if I brought him a song like "Stardust," he'd turn it down because it would be too late

He told me that if I was before my time -- and he didn't really know that for sure -- but if it was happening and if it was true, the public would usually take three to five years to catch up -- so be prepared. And that did happen. The trouble was, when the public did catch up I was already three to five years beyond that, so it kind of complicated it. But he was encouraging, and he didn't judge me, and I'll always remember him for that

Artie Mogull at Witmark Music signed me next to his company, and he told me to just keep writing songs no matter what, that I might be on to something. Well, he too stood behind me, and he could never wait to see what I'd give him next. I didn't even think of myself as a songwriter before then. I'll always be grateful for him also for that attitude

I also have to mention some of the early artists who recorded my songs very, very early, without having to be asked. Just something they felt about them that was right for them. I've got to say thank you to Peter, Paul and Mary, who I knew all separately before they ever became a group. I didn't even think of myself as writing songs for others to sing but it was starting to happen and it couldn't have happened to, or with, a better group

They took a song of mine that had been recorded before that was buried on one of my records and turned it into a hit song. Not the way I would have done it -- they straightened it out. But since then hundreds of people have recorded it and I don't think that would have happened if it wasn't for them. They definitely started something for me

The Byrds, the Turtles, Sonny & Cher -- they made some of my songs Top 10 hits but I wasn't a pop songwriter and I really didn't want to be that, but it was good that it happened. Their versions of songs were like commercials, but I didn't really mind that because 50 years later my songs were being used in the commercials. So that was good too. I was glad it happened, and I was glad they'd done it

Pervis Staples and the Staple Singers -- long before they were on Stax they were on Epic and they were one of my favorite groups of all time. I met them all in '62 or '63. They heard my songs live and Pervis wanted to record three or four of them and he did with the Staples Singers. They were the type of artists that I wanted recording my songs

Nina Simone. I used to cross paths with her in New York City in the Village Gate nightclub. These were the artists I looked up to. She recorded some of my songs that she 

[inaudible] to me. She was an overwhelming artist, piano player and singer. Very strong woman, very outspoken. That she was recording my songs validated everything that I was about
Oh, and can't forget Jimi Hendrix. I actually saw Jimi Hendrix perform when he was in a band called Jimmy James and the Blue Flames -- something like that. And Jimi didn't even sing. He was just the guitar player. He took some small songs of mine that nobody paid any attention to and pumped them up into the outer limits of the stratosphere and turned them all into classics. I have to thank Jimi, too. I wish he was here

Johnny Cash recorded some of my songs early on, too, up in about '63, when he was all skin and bones. He traveled long, he traveled hard, but he was a hero of mine. I heard many of his songs growing up. I knew them better than I knew my own. "Big River," "I Walk the Line."

"How high's the water, Mama?" I wrote "It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)" with that song reverberating inside my head. I still ask, "How high is the water, mama?" Johnny was an intense character. And he saw that people were putting me down playing electric music, and he posted letters to magazines scolding people, telling them to shut up and let him sing

In Johnny Cash's world -- hardcore Southern drama -- that kind of thing didn't exist. Nobody told anybody what to sing or what not to sing. They just didn't do that kind of thing. I'm always going to thank him for that. Johnny Cash was a giant of a man, the man in black. And I'll always cherish the friendship we had until the day there is no more days

Oh, and I'd be remiss if I didn't mention Joan Baez. She was the queen of folk music then and now. She took a liking to my songs and brought me with her to play concerts, where she had crowds of thousands of people enthralled with her beauty and voice

People would say, "What are you doing with that ragtag scrubby little waif?" And she'd tell everybody in no uncertain terms, "Now you better be quiet and listen to the songs." We even played a few of them together. Joan Baez is as tough-minded as they come. Love. And she's a free, independent spirit. Nobody can tell her what to do if she doesn't want to do it. I learned a lot of things from her. A woman with devastating honesty. And for her kind of love and devotion, I could never pay that back

LRelated Rare, unusual Beatles and Rolling Stones photos surface via eBay sale
POP & HISS
Rare, unusual Beatles and Rolling Stones photos surface via eBay sale
SEE ALL RELATED
8

GRAMMYS 2015: Complete list | Show highlights | Quotes | Best & worst

The secret Sinatra past of Bob Dylan's new album
The secret Sinatra past of Bob Dylan's new album
These songs didn't come out of thin air. I didn't just make them up out of whole cloth. Contrary to what Lou Levy said, there was a precedent. It all came out of traditional music: traditional folk music, traditional rock 'n' roll and traditional big-band swing orchestra music

I learned lyrics and how to write them from listening to folk songs. And I played them, and I met other people that played them back when nobody was doing it. Sang nothing but these folk songs, and they gave me the code for everything that's fair game, that everything belongs to everyone
For three or four years all I listened to were folk standards. I went to sleep singing folk songs. I sang them everywhere, clubs, parties, bars, coffeehouses, fields, festivals. And I met other singers along the way who did the same thing and we just learned songs from each other. I could learn one  song and sing it next in an hour if I'd heard it just once


If you sang "John Henry" as many times as me -- "John Henry was a steel-driving man / Died with a hammer in his hand / John Henry said a man ain't nothin' but a man / Before I let that steam drill drive me down / I'll die with that hammer in my hand."

If you had sung that song as many times as I did, you'd have written "How many roads must a man walk down?" too

Big Bill Broonzy had a song called "Key to the Highway." "I've got a key to the highway / I'm booked and I'm bound to go / Gonna leave here runnin' because walking is most too slow." I sang that a lot. If you sing that a lot, you just might write

Georgia Sam he had a bloody nose

Welfare Department they wouldn’t give him no clothes

He asked poor Howard where can I go

Howard said there’s only one place I know

Sam said tell me quick man I got to run
Howard just pointed with his gun

And said that way down on Highway 61

You'd have written that too if you'd sang "Key to the Highway" as much as me

"Ain't no use sit 'n cry / You'll be an angel by and by / Sail away, ladies, sail away." "I'm sailing away my own true love." "Boots of Spanish Leather" -- Sheryl Crow just sung that
"Roll the cotton down, aw, yeah, roll the cotton down / Ten dollars a day is a white man's pay / A dollar a day is the black man's pay / Roll the cotton down." If you sang that song as many times as me, you'd be writing "I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more," too
I sang a lot of "come all you" songs. There's plenty of them. There's way too  many to be counted. "Come along boys and listen to my tale / Tell you of my trouble on the old Chisholm Trail." Or, "Come all ye good people, listen while I tell / the fate of Floyd Collins a lad we all know well / The fate of Floyd Collins, a lad we all know well."

"Come all ye fair and tender ladies / Take warning how you court your men / They're like a star on a summer morning / They first appear and then they're gone again." "If you'll gather 'round, people / A story I will tell /  'Bout Pretty Boy Floyd, an outlaw / Oklahoma knew him well."

If you sung all these "come all ye" songs all the time, you'd be writing, "Come gather 'round people where ever you roam, admit that the waters around you have grown / Accept that soon you'll be drenched to the bone / If your time to you is worth saving / And you better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone / The times they are a-changing."

You'd have written them too. There's nothing secret about it. You just do it subliminally and unconsciously, because that's all enough, and that's all I sang. That was all that was dear to me. They were the only kinds of songs that made sense

"When you go down to Deep Ellum keep your money in your socks / Women in Deep Ellum put you on the rocks." Sing that song for a while and you just might come up with, "When you're lost in the rain in Juarez and it's Easter time too / And your gravity fails and negativity don't pull you through / Don’t put on any airs / When you’re down on Rue Morgue Avenue / They got some hungry women there / And they really make a mess outta you."

All these songs are connected. Don't be fooled. I just opened up a different door in a different kind of way. It's just different, saying the same thing. I didn't think it was anything out of the ordinary

Well you know, I just thought I was doing something natural, but right from the start, my songs were divisive for some reason. They divided people. I never knew why. Some got angered, others loved them. Didn't know why my songs had detractors and supporters. A strange environment to have to throw your songs into, but I did it anyway

Last thing I thought of was who cared about what song I was writing. I was just writing them. I didn't think I was doing anything different. I thought I was just extending the line. Maybe a little bit unruly, but I was just elaborating on situations. Maybe hard to pin down, but so what? A lot of people are hard to pin down. You've just got to bear it. I didn't really care what Lieber and Stoller thought of my songs

They didn't like 'em, but Doc Pomus did. That was all right that they didn't like 'em, because I never liked their songs either. "Yakety yak, don't talk back." "Charlie Brown is a clown," "Baby I'm a hog for you." Novelty songs. They weren't saying anything serious. Doc's songs, they were better. "This Magic Moment." "Lonely Avenue." Save the Last Dance for Me

Those songs broke my heart. I figured I'd rather have his blessings any day than theirs

Ahmet Ertegun didn't think much of my songs, but Sam Phillips did. Ahmet founded Atlantic Records. He produced some great records: Ray Charles, Ray Brown, just to name a few

There were some great records in there, no question about it. But Sam Phillips, he recorded Elvis and Jerry Lee, Carl Perkins and Johnny Cash. Radical eyes that shook the very essence of humanity. Revolution in style and scope. Heavy shape and color. Radical to the bone. Songs that cut you to the bone. Renegades in all degrees, doing songs that would never decay, and still resound to this day. Oh, yeah, I'd rather have Sam Phillips' blessing any day

Merle Haggard didn't even think much of my songs. I know he didn't. He didn't say that to me, but I know 

[inaudible]. Buck Owens did, and he recorded some of my early songs. Merle Haggard -- "Mama Tried," "The Bottle Let Me Down," "I'm a Lonesome Fugitive." I can't imagine Waylon Jennings singing "The Bottle Let Me Down."

"Together Again"? That's Buck Owens, and that trumps anything coming out of Bakersfield. Buck Owens and Merle Haggard? If you have to have somebody's blessing -- you figure it out

Oh, yeah. Critics have been giving me a hard time since Day One. Critics say I can't sing. I croak. Sound like a frog. Why don't critics say that same thing about Tom Waits? Critics say my voice is shot. That I have no voice. What don't they say those things about Leonard Cohen? Why do I get special treatment? Critics say I can't carry a tune and I talk my way through a song. Really? I've never heard that said about Lou Reed. Why does he get to go scot-free?

Yep. A more gracious way to lament or "woe is me" the bad reviews: I have to die a little Between each murderous thought And when I'm finished thinking I have to die a lot There's torture and there's killing And there's all my bad reviews The war,...

What have I done to deserve this special attention? No vocal range? When's the last time you heard Dr. John? Why don't you say that about him? Slur my words, got no diction. Have you people ever listened to Charley Patton or Robert Johnson, Muddy Waters. Talk about slurred words and no diction. 

[Inaudible] doesn't even matter

"Why me, Lord?" I would say that to myself

Critics say I mangle my melodies, render my songs unrecognizable. Oh, really? Let me tell you something. I was at a boxing match a few years ago seeing Floyd Mayweather fight a Puerto Rican guy. And the Puerto Rican national anthem, somebody sang it and it was beautiful. It was heartfelt and it was moving

After that it was time for our national anthem. And a very popular soul-singing sister was chosen to sing. She sang every note -- that exists, and some that don't exist. Talk about mangling a melody. You take a one-syllable word and make it last for 15 minutes? She was doing vocal gymnastics like she was on a trapeze act. But to me it was not funny

Where were the critics? Mangling lyrics? Mangling a melody? Mangling a treasured song? No, I get the blame. But I don't really think I do that. I just think critics say I do

Sam Cooke said this when told he had a beautiful voice: He said, "Well that's very kind of you, but voices ought not to be measured by how pretty they are. Instead they matter only if they convince you that they are telling the truth." Think about that the next time you 

[inaudible]

Times always change. They really do. And you have to always be ready for something that's coming along and you never expected it. Way back when, I was in Nashville making some records and I read this article, a Tom T. Hall interview. Tom T. Hall, he was bitching about some kind of new song, and he couldn't understand what these new kinds of songs that were coming in were about

Now Tom, he was one of the most preeminent songwriters of the time in Nashville. A lot of people were recording his songs and he himself even did it. But he was all in a fuss about James Taylor, a song James had called "Country Road." Tom was going off in this  interview -- "But James don't say nothing about a country road. He's just says how you can feel it on the country road. I don't understand that."

Now some might say Tom is a great songwriter. I'm not going to doubt that. At the time he was doing this interview I was actually listening to a song of his on the radio

It was called "I Love." I was listening to it in a recording studio, and he was talking about all the things he loves, an everyman kind of song, trying to connect with people. Trying to make you think that he's just like you and you're just like him. We all love the same things, and we're all in this together. Tom loves little baby ducks, slow-moving trains and rain. He loves old pickup trucks and little country streams. Sleeping without dreams. Bourbon in a glass. Coffee in a cup. Tomatoes on the vine, and onions
Now listen, I'm not ever going to disparage another songwriter. I'm not going to do that. I'm not saying it's a bad song. I'm just saying it might be a little overcooked. But, you know, it was in the top 10 anyway. Tom and a few other writers had the whole Nashville scene sewed up in a box. If you wanted to record a song and get it in the top 10 you had to go to them, and Tom was one of the top guys. They were all very comfortable, doing their thing

This was about the time that Willie Nelson picked up and moved to Texas. About the same time. He's still in Texas. Everything was very copacetic. Everything was all right until -- until -- Kristofferson came to town. Oh, they ain't seen anybody like him. He came into town like a wildcat, flew his helicopter into Johnny Cash's backyard like a typical songwriter. And he went for the throat. "Sunday Morning Coming Down."

Well, I woke up Sunday morning

Grammys 2014: MusiCares gala celebrates the music of Carole King
Grammys 2014: MusiCares gala celebrates the music of Carole King
With no way to hold my head that didn't hurt

And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad

So I had one more for dessert

Then I fumbled through my closet

Found my cleanest dirty shirt

Then I washed my face and combed my hair

And stumbled down the stairs to meet the day

You can look at Nashville pre-Kris and post-Kris, because he changed everything. That one song ruined Tom T. Hall's poker parties. It might have sent him to the crazy house. God forbid he ever heard any of my songs

You walk into the room

With your pencil in your hand

You see somebody naked

You say, “Who is that man?”

You try so hard

But you don’t understand

Just what you're gonna say

When you get home

You know something is happening here

But you don’t know what it is

LRelated Rare, unusual Beatles and Rolling Stones photos surface via eBay sale
POP & HISS
Rare, unusual Beatles and Rolling Stones photos surface via eBay sale
SEE ALL RELATED
8

Do you, Mister Jones?

If "Sunday Morning Coming Down" rattled Tom's cage, sent him into the looney bin, my song surely would have made him blow his brains out, right there in the minivan. Hopefully he didn't hear it

I just released an album of standards, all the songs usually done by Michael Buble, Harry Connick Jr., maybe Brian Wilson's done a couple, Linda Ronstadt done 'em. But the reviews of their records are different than the reviews of my record

In their reviews no one says anything. In my reviews, 

[inaudible] they've got to look under every stone when it comes to me. They've got to mention all the songwriters' names. Well that's OK with me. After all, they're great songwriters and these are standards. I've seen the reviews come in, and they'll mention all the songwriters in half the review, as if everybody knows them. Nobody's heard of them, not in this time, anyway. Buddy Kaye, Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh, to name a few

CComments
@studiocity2 Yep. A more gracious way to lament or "woe is me" the bad reviews: I have to die a little Between each murderous thought And when I'm finished thinking I have to die a lot There's torture and there's killing And there's all my bad reviews The war,...
RICHARDOVICH
AT 1:43 PM FEBRUARY 09, 2015
ADD A COMMENTSEE ALL COMMENTS
45

But, you know, I'm glad they mention their names, and you know what? I'm glad they got their names in the press. It might have taken some time to do it, but they're finally there. I can only wonder why it took so long. My only regret is that they're not here to see it

Traditional rock 'n' roll, we're talking about that. It's all about rhythm. Johnny Cash said it best: "Get rhythm. Get rhythm when you get the blues." Very few rock 'n' roll bands today play with rhythm. They don't know what it is. Rock 'n' roll is a combination of blues, and it's a strange thing made up of two parts. A lot of people don't know this, but the blues, which is an American music, is not what you think it is. It's a combination of Arabic violins and Strauss waltzes working it out. But it's true


The other half of rock 'n' roll has got to be hillbilly. And that's a derogatory term, but it ought not to be. That's a term that includes the Delmore Bros., Stanley Bros., Roscoe Holcomb, Clarence Ashley ... groups like that. Moonshiners gone berserk. Fast cars on dirt roads. That's the kind of combination that makes up rock 'n' roll, and it can't be cooked up in a science laboratory or a studio

You have to have the right kind of rhythm to play this kind of music. If you can't hardly play the blues, how do you 

[inaudible] those other two kinds of music in there? You can fake it, but you can't really do it

Critics have made a career out of accusing me of having a career of confounding expectations. Really? Because that's all I do. That's how I think about it. Confounding expectations

"What do you do for a living, man?"

"Oh, I confound expectations."

You're going to get a job, the man says, "What do you do?" "Oh, confound expectations.: And the man says, "Well, we already have that spot filled. Call us back. Or don't call us, we'll call you." Confounding expectations. What does that mean? 'Why me, Lord? I'd confound them, but I don't know how to do it.'

The Blackwood Bros. have been talking to me about making a record together. That might confound expectations, but it shouldn't. Of course it would be a gospel album. I don't think it would be anything out of the ordinary for me. Not a bit. One of the songs I'm thinking about singing is "Stand By Me" by the Blackwood Brothers. Not "Stand By Me" the pop song. No. The real "Stand By Me."

The real one goes like this:

When the storm of life is raging / Stand by me / When the storm of life is raging / Stand by me / When the world is tossing me / Like a ship upon the sea / Thou who rulest wind and water / Stand by me

In the midst of tribulation / Stand by me / In the midst of tribulation / Stand by me / When the hosts of hell assail / And my strength begins to fail / Thou who never lost a battle / Stand by me

In the midst of faults and failures / Stand by me / In the midst of faults and failures / Stand by me / When I do the best I can / And my friends don't understand / Thou who knowest all about  me / Stand by me

That's the song. I like it better than the pop song. If I record one by that name, that's going to be the one. I'm also thinking of recording a song, not on that album, though: "Oh Lord, Please Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood."

Anyway, why me, Lord. What did I do?

Anyway, I'm proud to be here tonight for MusiCares. I'm honored to have all these artists singing my songs. There's nothing like that. Great artists. 

[applause, inaudible]. They're all singing the truth, and you can hear it in their voices

I'm proud to be here tonight for MusiCares. I think a lot of this organization. They've helped many people. Many musicians who have contributed a lot to our culture. I'd like to personally thank them for what they did for a friend of mine, Billy Lee Riley. A friend of mine who they helped for six years when he was down and couldn't work. Billy was a son of rock 'n' roll, obviously


He was a true original. He did it all: He played, he sang, he wrote. He would have been a bigger star but Jerry Lee came along. And you know what happens when someone like that comes along. You just don't stand a chance

So Billy became what is known in the industry -- a condescending term, by the way -- as a one-hit wonder. But sometimes, just sometimes, once in a while, a one-hit wonder can make a more powerful impact than a recording star who's got 20 or 30 hits behind him. And Billy's hit song was called "Red Hot," and it was red hot. It could blast you out of your skull and make you feel happy about it. Change your life

He did it with style and grace. You won't find him in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He's not there. Metallica is. Abba is. Mamas and the Papas -- I know they're in there. Jefferson Airplane, Alice Cooper, Steely Dan -- I've got nothing against them. Soft rock, hard rock, psychedelic pop. I got nothing against any of that stuff, but after all, it is called the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Billy Lee Riley is not there. Yet

I'd see him a couple times a year and we'd always spent time together and he was on a rockabilly festival nostalgia circuit, and we'd cross paths now and again. We'd always spend time together. He was a hero of mine. I'd heard "Red Hot." I must have been only 15 or 16 when I did and it's impressed me to this day

Yep. A more gracious way to lament or "woe is me" the bad reviews: I have to die a little Between each murderous thought And when I'm finished thinking I have to die a lot There's torture and there's killing And there's all my bad reviews The war,...

I never grow tired of listening to it. Never got tired of watching Billy Lee perform, either. We spent time together just talking and playing into the night. He was a deep, truthful man. He wasn't bitter or nostalgic. He just accepted it. He knew where he had come from and he was content with who he was

And then one day he got sick. And like my friend John Mellencamp would sing -- because John sang some truth today -- one day you get sick and you don't get better. That's from a song of his called "Life is Short Even on Its Longest Days." It's one of the better songs of the last few years, actually. I ain't lying

And I ain't lying when I tell you that MusiCares paid for my friend's doctor bills, and helped him to get spending money. They were able to at least make his life comfortable, tolerable to the end. That is something that can't be repaid. Any organization that would do that would have to have my blessing

I'm going to get out of here now. I'm going to put an egg in my shoe and beat it. I probably left out a lot of people and said too much about some. But that's OK. Like the spiritual song, 'I'm still just crossing over Jordan too.' Let's hope we meet again. Sometime. And we will, if, like Hank Williams said, "the good Lord willing and the creek don't rise."

[Verse 1]
Off the stage to the studio
Couple groupie hoes will give it to ya like Julio
In the movie, move the moody like I got a problem
She told me lean over and pop yourself an Oxycotton
I told her never, I don't do drugs
Only thing we poppin' is a few slugs
If niggas stop plottin' on 'em our drugs
Too dub blowin', pourin' this D'ucé in these two cups
Sippin', killin' these niggas like I'm Jimmy from the Ku-Klux
Yeah, I'm makin' money now, I'm on tour
These women love me so they encore
These niggas hate me, better know you got the wrong boy
My bitch nails French tippin' without the bonjour
I'm unsure of these niggas 'cause I don't know if they just pop it for the moment or
Maybe they just pop it 'cause the kid ain't get his moment yet
Yacht party, foreign models smokin' on the deck
I fucked my phone up in a pool this afternoon
I gotta stash the number in my mental Rolodex
She know I'm dope, I know it's wet
I fucked before, I know it's sex, listen
Shit is only gettin' distant when ya nigga's dissin'
I just watch the snakes, live to see these niggas hissin'
Gang picture, we just try follow the mission
Swallow pride, but knew we couldn't swallow ambition
I lost a couple of real bitches to this fame
Had to refresh they names like tryna read the top of your mentions
.40 Glock with extension, sure to make a shawty bop
Stop what he doin' while payin' the shots some attention
Screw faced niggas that came from the top of the trenches
Out of TO corners, we was just Younger and Dumber
Just tryna run through these jungles
And plus, the numbers was hot
Life rugga had me cuffin' a lot
I said ,"Fuck it" many times, man
I ain't gon' lie between, Keisha bein' pregnant and me bein' independent
I wanted more to life too, but I needed to pen it
Fuck workin' at that Denny's in the backroom
I need a bitch that want fuck me out in Cancun
Off the facts, she know I'ma be the man soon
I'm tired of niggas always sayin' who I sound like
Never again will you get that pleasure
I'm switchin' my flows, I hit that measure
And from now til I die, fuck nigga, you gon' get that pressure
It's Fargo

[Verse 2]
I ain't gon' lie, I been smokin'
Ten on this job and I'm rollin'
All on the highway I'm swervin'
Bad bitch beside me, she boppin'
Young niggas be on that hoe shit
Me? I just be on this smoke shit
These hoes, they know that I'm 'bout it
So she ain't gon' be on that bullshit
See me ridin' with the drop top
Gotta fly when I slide by
See me ridin' in that foreign
Front lights look cock-eyed
So don't you be actin'
Shawty, I'm sippin that Ac'
Backwood, just bought me a pack
And you should be smokin' 'em with me
Don't worry about these hoes I fuck, girl, they're not no big deal
Ten on 5 on this trap, girl, it's not no big deal
All of them niggas you fuck with, they're not no big deal
Just holla at a nigga when you want somethin' real
Once again, once again
Once again, once again
Who ya man? Who ya man?
All that nigga is pretend, yeah yeah
Said I'm free by ten
Come around by then
Shit, in the condo, yeah
We can condo it, yeah
So you know that I'm 'bout it
Sit down
Bend down
FEBRUARY 7, 2015, 2:13 PM _
There are a few people we need to thank tonight for bringing about this grand event. Neil Portnow, Dana Tamarkin, Rob Light, Brian Greenbaum, Don Was. And also want to thank President Carter for coming. It’s been a long night, and I don’t want to talk too much, but I’ll say a few things. I'm glad for my songs to be honored like this. But you know, they didn't get here by themselves. It's been a long road and it's taken a lot of doing. These songs of mine, I think of as mystery plays, the kind that Shakespeare saw when he was growing up. I think you could trace what I do back that far. They were on the fringes then, and I think they're on the fringes now. And they sound like they've been traveling on hard ground. I need to mention a few people along the way who brought this about. I know I should mention John Hammond, the great talent scout, who way back when brought me to Columbia Records. He signed me to that label when I was nobody. It took a lot of faith to do that, and he took a lot of ridicule, but he was his own man and he was courageous. And for that, I'm eternally grateful. The last person he discovered before me was Aretha Franklin, and before that Count Basie, Billie Holiday and a whole lot of other artists. All non-commercial artists. Trends did not interest John, and I was very noncommercial but he stayed with me. He believed in my talent and that's all that mattered. I can't thank him enough for that. Lou Levy ran Leeds Music, and they published my earliest songs, but I didn't stay there too long. Levy himself, he went back a long ways. He signed me to that company and recorded my songs and I sang them into a tape recorder. He told me outright, there was no precedent for what I was doing, that I was either before my time or behind it. And if I brought him a song like "Stardust," he'd turn it down because it would be too late. He told me that if I was before my time -- and he didn't really know that for sure -- but if it was happening and if it was true, the public would usually take three to five years to catch up -- so be prepared. And that did happen. The trouble was, when the public did catch up I was already three to five years beyond that, so it kind of complicated it. But he was encouraging, and he didn't judge me, and I'll always remember him for that. Artie Mogull at Witmark Music signed me next to his company, and he told me to just keep writing songs no matter what, that I might be on to something. Well, he too stood behind me, and he could never wait to see what I'd give him next. I didn't even think of myself as a songwriter before then. I'll always be grateful for him also for that attitude.I also have to mention some of the early artists who recorded my songs very, very early, without having to be asked. Just something they felt about them that was right for them. I've got to say thank you to Peter, Paul and Mary, who I knew all separately before they ever became a group. I didn't even think of myself as writing songs for others to sing but it was starting to happen and it couldn't have happened to, or with, a better group. They took a song of mine that had been recorded before that was buried on one of my records and turned it into a hit song. Not the way I would have done it -- they straightened it out. But since then hundreds of people have recorded it and I don't think that would have happened if it wasn't for them. They definitely started something for me. The Byrds, the Turtles, Sonny & Cher -- they made some of my songs Top 10 hits but I wasn't a pop songwriter and I really didn't want to be that, but it was good that it happened. Their versions of my songs were like commercials, but I didn't really mind that because 50 years later my songs were being used in the commercials. So that was good too. I was glad it happened, and I was glad they'd done it. Pervis Staples and the Staple Singers -- long before they were on Stax they were on Epic and they were one of my favorite groups of all time. I met them all in '62 or '63. They heard my songs live and Pervis wanted to record three or four of them and he did with the Staples Singers. They were the type of artists that I wanted recording my songs, if anybody was going to do it. Nina Simone. I used to cross paths with her in New York City in the Village Gate nightclub. She was an artist a definitely looked up to. She recorded some of my songs that she learned directly from me, sitting in a dressing room. She was an overwhelming artist, piano player and singer. Very strong woman, very outspoken and dynamite to see perform. That she was recording my songs validated everything that I was about. Nina was the kind of artist that I loved and admired. Oh, and can't forget Jimi Hendrix. I actually saw Jimi Hendrix perform when he was in a band called Jimmy James and the Blue Flames -- something like that. And Jimi didn't even sing. He was just the guitar player. After he became famous, he took some small songs of mine that nobody paid any attention to and pumped them up into the outer limits of the stratosphere and turned them all into classics. I have to thank Jimi, too. I wish he was here. Johnny Cash recorded some of my songs early on, too, I met him in about '63, when he was all skin and bones. He traveled long, he traveled hard, but he was a hero of mine. I heard many of his songs growing up. I knew them better than I knew my own. "Big River," "I Walk the Line." "How High’s The Water, Mama?" I wrote "It's Alright Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)" with that song reverberating inside my head. I still ask, "How high is the water, mama?" Johnny was an intense character. And he saw that people were putting me down playing electric music, and he posted letters to magazines scolding people, telling them to shut up and let him sing. In Johnny Cash's world -- hardcore Southern drama -- that kind of thing didn't exist. Nobody told anybody what to sing or do. They just didn't do that kind of thing where he came from. I'm always going to thank him for that. Johnny Cash was a giant of a man, the man in black. And I'll always cherish the friendship we had until the day there is no more days. Oh, and I'd be remiss if I didn't mention Joan Baez. She was the queen of folk music then and now. She took a liking to my songs and brought me with her to play concerts, where she had crowds of thousands of people enthralled with her beauty and voice. People would say, "What are you doing with that ragtag scrubby looking waif?" And she'd tell everybody in no uncertain terms, "Now you better be quiet and listen to the songs." We even played a few of them together. Joan Baez is as tough-minded as they come. Loyal, free minded and fiercely independent. Nobody can tell her what to do if she doesn't want to do it. I learned a lot of things from her. A woman of devastating honesty. And for her kind of love and devotion, I could never pay that back. These songs didn't come out of thin air. I didn't just make them up out of whole cloth. Contrary to what Lou Levy said, there was a precedent. It all came out of traditional music: traditional folk music, traditional rock 'n' roll and traditional big-band swing orchestra music. I learned lyrics and how to write them from listening to folk songs. And I played them, and I met other people that played them, back when nobody was doing it. Sang nothing but these folk songs, and they gave me the code for everything that's fair game, that everything belongs to everyone. For three or four years all I listened to were folk standards. I went to sleep singing folk songs. I sang them everywhere, clubs, parties, bars, coffeehouses, fields, festivals. And I met other singers along the way who did the same thing and we just learned songs from each other. I could learn one song and sing it next in an hour if I'd heard it just once. If you sang "John Henry" as many times as me -- "John Henry was a steel-driving man / Died with a hammer in his hand / John Henry said a man ain't nothin' but a man / Before I let that steam drill drive me down / I'll die with that hammer in my hand."If you had sung that song as many times as I did, you'd have written "How many roads must a man walk down?" too. Big Bill Broonzy had a song called "Key to the Highway." "I've got a key to the highway / I'm booked and I'm bound to go / Gonna leave here runnin' because walking is most too slow." I sang that a lot. If you sing that a lot, you just might write, Georgia Sam he had a bloody nose Welfare Department they wouldn’t give him no clothes He asked poor Howard where can I go Howard said there’s only one place I know Sam said tell me quick man I got to run Howard just pointed with his gun And said that way down on Highway 61 You'd have written that too if you'd sang "Key to the Highway" as much as me. "Ain't no use sit 'n cry / You'll be an angel by and by / Sail away, ladies, sail away." "I'm sailing away my own true love." "Boots of Spanish Leather" -- Sheryl Crow just sung that. "Roll the cotton down, aw, yeah, roll the cotton down / Ten dollars a day is a white man's pay / Roll the cotton down/A dollar a day is the black man's pay / Roll the cotton down." If you sang that song as many times as me, you'd be writing "I ain't gonna work on Maggie's farm no more," too. If you’d had listened to the Robert Johnson singing, “Better come in my kitchen, ‘cause it’s gonna be raining out doors,” as many time as I listened to it, sometime later you just might write, “A Hard Rain’s a-Gonna Fall.” I sang a lot of "come all you" songs. There's plenty of them. There's way too many to be counted. "Come along boys and listen to my tale / Tell you of my troubles on the old Chisholm Trail." Or, "Come all ye good people, listen while I tell / the fate of Floyd Collins, a lad we all know well.” "Come all ye fair and tender ladies / Take warning how you court your men / They're like a star on a summer morning / They first appear and then they're gone again." And then there’s this one, "Gather 'round, people / A story I will tell / 'Bout Pretty Boy Floyd, the outlaw / Oklahoma knew him well."If you sung all these "come all ye" songs all the time like I did, you'd be writing, "Come gather 'round people where ever you roam, admit that the waters around you have grown / Accept that soon you'll be drenched to the bone / If your time to you is worth saving / And you better start swimming or you'll sink like a stone / The times they are achanging." You'd have written that too. There's nothing secret about it. You just do it subliminally and unconsciously, because that's all enough, and that's all you know. That was all that was dear to me. They were the only kinds of songs that made sense. "When you go down to Deep Ellum keep your money in your socks / Women on Deep Ellum put you on the rocks." Sing that song for a while and you just might come up with, "When you're lost in the rain in Juarez and it's Easter time too / And your gravity’s down and negativity don't pull you through / Don’t put on any airs / When you’re down on Rue Morgue Avenue / They got some hungry women there / And they really make a mess outta you." All these songs are connected. Don't be fooled. I just opened up a different door in a different kind of way. It's just different, saying the same thing. I didn't think it was anything out of the ordinary. Well you know, I just thought I was doing something natural, but right from the start, my songs were divisive for some reason. They divided people. I never knew why. Some got angered, others loved them. Didn't know why my songs had detractors and supporters. A strange environment to have to throw your songs into, but I did it anyway. Last thing I thought of was who cared about what song I was writing. I was just writing them. I didn't think I was doing anything different. I thought I was just extending the line. Maybe a little bit unruly, but I was just elaborating on situations. Maybe hard to pin down, but so what? A lot of people are hard to pin down and you’ve just got to bear it. In a sense everything evened itself out. Leiber and Stoller didn’t think much of my songs. They didn't like 'em, but Doc Pomus did. That was all right that they didn't like 'em, because I never liked their songs either. "Yakety yak, don't talk back." "Charlie Brown is a clown," "Baby I'm a hog for you." Novelty songs, not serious. Doc's songs, they were better. "This Magic Moment." "Lonely Avenue." “Save the Last Dance for Me.” Those songs broke my heart. I figured I'd rather have his blessings any day than theirs. Ahmet Ertegun didn't think much of my songs, but Sam Phillips did. Ahmet founded Atlantic Records. He produced some great records: Ray Charles, Ruth Brown, LaVerne Baker, just to name a few. There were some great records in there, no doubt about it. But Sam Phillips, he recorded Elvis and Jerry Lee, Carl Perkins and Johnny Cash. Radical artists that shook the very essence of humanity. Revolutionaries with vision and foresight. Fearless and sensitive at the same time. Revolution in style and scope. Radical to the bone. Songs that cut you to the bone. Renegades in all degrees, doing songs that would never decay, and still resound to this day. Oh, yeah, I'd rather have Sam Phillips' blessing any day. Merle Haggard didn't think much of my songs, but Buck Owens did, and Buck even recorded some of my early songs. Now I admire Merle -- "Mama Tried," "Tonight The Bottle Let Me Down," "I'm a Lonesome Fugitive." I understand all that but I can't imagine Waylon Jennings singing "The Bottle Let Me Down." I love Merle but he’s not Buck. Buck Owens wrote "Together Again" and that song trumps anything that ever came out of Bakersfield. Buck Owens and Merle Haggard? If you have to have somebody's blessing -- you figure it out. What I’m saying here is that my songs seem to divide people. Even people in the music community. People in the critical world too. Critics have always been on my tail since day one. Seems like they’ve always given me special treatment. Some of the music critics say I can't sing. I croak. Sound like a frog. Why don't these same critics say similar things about Tom Waits? They say my voice is shot. That I have no voice. Why don't they say those things about Leonard Cohen? Why do I get special treatment? Critics say I can't carry a tune and I talk my way through a song. Really? I've never heard that said about Lou Reed. Why does he get to go scot-free? What have I done to deserve this special treatment? Why me lord? No vocal range? When's the last time you’ve read that about Dr. John? You’ve never read that about Dr John. Why don't they say that about him? Slur my words, got no diction. You have to wonder if these critics have ever heard Charley Patton or Son House or Wolf. Talk about slurred words and no diction. Why don’t they say those same things about them. "Why me, Lord?" Critics say I mangle my melodies, render my songs unrecognizable. Oh, really? Let me tell you something. I was at a boxing match a few years ago seeing Floyd Mayweather fight a Puerto Rican guy. And the Puerto Rican national anthem, somebody sang it and it was beautiful. It was heartfelt and it was moving. After that it was time for our national anthem. And a very popular soul-singing sister was chosen to sing. She sang every note - - that exists, and some that don't exist. Talk about mangling a melody. You take a onesyllable word and make it last for 15 minutes? She was doing vocal gymnastics like she was a trapeze act. But to me it was not funny.Where were the critics? Mangling lyrics? Mangling a melody? Mangling a treasured song? No, I get the blame. But I don't really think I do that. I just think critics say I do. Sam Cooke said this when told he had a beautiful voice: He said, "Well that's very kind of you, but voices ought not to be measured by how pretty they are. Instead they matter only if they convince you that they are telling the truth." Think about that the next time you are listening to a singer. Times always change. They really do. And you have to always be ready for something that's coming along and you never expected it. Way back when, I was in Nashville making some records and I read this article, a Tom T. Hall interview. Tom T. Hall, he was bitching about some kind of new song, and he couldn't understand what these new kinds of songs that were coming in were about. Now Tom, he was one of the most preeminent songwriters of the time in Nashville. A lot of people were recording his songs and he himself even did it. But he was all in a fuss about James Taylor, a song James had called "Country Road." Tom was going off in this interview -- "But James don't say nothing about a country road. He's just says how you can feel it on the country road. I don't understand that." Now some might say Tom is a great songwriter. I'm not going to doubt that. At the time he was doing this interview I was actually listening to a song of his on the radio. It was called "I Love." I was listening to it in a recording studio, and he was talking about all the things he loves, an everyman kind of song, trying to connect with people. Trying to make you think that he's just like you and you're just like him. We all love the same things, and we're all in this together. Tom loves little baby ducks, slow-moving trains and rain. He loves old pickup trucks and little country streams. Sleep without dreams. Bourbon in a glass. Coffee in a cup. Tomatoes on the vine, and onions. Now listen, I'm not ever going to disparage another songwriter. I'm not going to do that. I'm not saying it's a bad song. I'm just saying it might be a little overcooked. But, you know, it was in the top 10 anyway. Tom and a few other writers had the whole Nashville scene sewed up in a box. If you wanted to record a song and get it in the top 10 you had to go to them, and Tom was one of the top guys. They were all very comfortable, doing their thing. This was about the time that Willie Nelson picked up and moved to Texas. About the same time. He's still in Texas. Everything was very copacetic. Everything was all right until -- until -- Kristofferson came to town. Oh, they ain't seen anybody like him. He came into town like a wildcat that he was, flew a helicopter into Johnny Cash'sbackyard, not your typical songwriter. And he went for the throat. "Sunday Morning Coming Down." Well, I woke up Sunday morning With no way to hold my head that didn't hurt. And the beer I had for breakfast wasn't bad So I had one more for dessert Then I fumbled through my closet Found my cleanest dirty shirt Then I washed my face and combed my hair And stumbled down the stairs to meet the day. You can look at Nashville pre-Kris and post-Kris, because he changed everything. That one song blew ol’ Tom T. Hall's world apart. He couldn’t see it coming. It might have sent him to the mad house. God forbid he ever heard any of my songs. You walk into the room With your pencil in your hand You see somebody naked You say, “Who is that man?” You try so hard But you don’t understand Just what you're gonna say When you get home But you don’t know what it is Do you, Mister Jones? If "Sunday Morning Coming Down" rattled Tom's cage, sent him into the loony bin, my song surely would have made him blow his brains out, right there in the loony bin. Hopefully he didn't hear it.I just released an album of standards, all the songs usually done by Michael Buble, Harry Connick Jr., maybe Brian Wilson's done a couple, Linda Ronstadt done 'em. Rod of course, even Paul has done some of this kind of material. But the reviews of their records aren’t like mine. In their reviews no one says anything. In my reviews, they've got to look under every stone and report about it. In the review they get, you seldom see any of the songwriters names. Unlike mine. They've got to mention all the songwriters' names. Well that's OK with me. After all, they're great songwriters and these are standards. I've seen the reviews come in, and they'll mention all the songwriters in half the review, as if everybody knows them. Nobody's heard of them, not in this time, anyway. Buddy Kaye, Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh, to name a few. But, you know, I'm glad they mention their names, and you know what? I'm glad they got their names in the press. It might have taken some time to do it, but they're finally there with importance and dignity. I can only wonder why it took so long. My only regret is that they're not here to see it. Traditional rock 'n' roll, we're talking about that. It's all about rhythm. Johnny Cash said it best: "Get rhythm. Get rhythm when you get the blues." Very few rock 'n' roll bands today play with rhythm. They don't know what it is. Rock 'n' roll is a combination of blues, and it's a strange thing made up of two parts. A lot of people don't know this, but the blues, which is an American music, is not what you think it is. It's a combination of Arabic violins and Strauss waltzes working it out. But it's true. The other half of rock 'n' roll has got to be hillbilly. And that's a derogatory term, but it ought not to be. That's a term that includes the Delmore Bros., Stanley Bros., Roscoe Holcomb, Git Tanner and the Skillet Lickers ... groups like that. Moonshine gone berserk. Fast cars on dirt roads. That's the kind of combination that makes up rock 'n' roll, and it can't be cooked up in a science laboratory or a studio. You have to have the right kind of rhythm to play this kind of music. If you can't hardly play the blues, and you don’t have the hillbilly feeling, you’re not really playing Rock n Roll. It might be something else but it’s not that. You can fake it, but you can't make it. Critics have said that I’ve made a career out of confounding expectations. Really? Because that's all I do? That's how I think about it. Confounding expectations. Like I stay up late at night thinking about how to do it. "What do you do for a living, man?" "Oh, I confound expectations." You're going to get a job, the man says, "What do you do?" "Oh, confound expectations.: And the man says, "Well, we already have that spot filled. Call us back. Or don't call us, we'll call you." Confounding expectations. I don’t even know what that means or who has time for it.‘Why me, Lord? My work confounds them obviously, but I really don't know how I do it. The Blackwood Bros. have been talking to me about making a record together. That might confound expectations, but it shouldn't. Of course it would be a gospel album. I don't think it would be anything out of the ordinary for me. Not a bit. One of the songs I'm thinking about singing is "Stand By Me" with the Blackwood Brothers. Not "Stand By Me" the pop song. No. The real "Stand By Me." The real one goes like this: When the storm of life is raging / Stand by me / When the storm of life is raging / Stand by me / When the world is tossing me / Like a ship upon the sea / Thou who rulest wind and water / Stand by me In the midst of tribulation / Stand by me / In the midst of tribulation / Stand by me / When the hosts of hell assail / And my strength begins to fail / Thou whomever lost a battle / Stand by me In the midst of faults and failures / Stand by me / In the midst of faults and failures / Stand by me / When I do the best I can / And my friends don't understand/ Thou who knowest all about me / Stand by me That's the song. I like it better than the pop song. If I record one by that name, that's going to be the one. I'm also thinking of recording a song, not for that album, though – a song called "Oh Lord, Please Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood." But I don’t know, it might be good on the gospel album too. Anyway, I'm proud to be here tonight for MusiCares. I'm honored to have all these artists singing my songs. There's nothing like that. Great artists. Who all know how to sing the truth, and you can hear it in their voices. I'm proud to be here tonight for MusiCares. I think a lot of this organization. They've helped many people. Many musicians who have contributed a lot to our culture. I'd like to personally thank them for what they did for a friend of mine, Billy Lee Riley. A friend of mine who they helped for six years when he was down and couldn't work. Billy was a Sun rock 'n' roll artist. He was a true original. He did it all; played, sang and wrote. He would have been a bigger star but Jerry Lee came along. And you know what happens when someone like that comes along. You kind of have to take a step back. You just don't stand a chance. So Billy became what is known in the industry -- a condescending term, by the way -- as a one-hit wonder. But sometimes, just sometimes, once in a while, a one hit wonder can make a more powerful impact than a recording star who's got 20 or 30 hits behind him. And Billy's hit song was called "Red Hot," and it was red hot. It could blast you out of your skull and make you feel happy about it. Change your life. He did it with power and style and grace. You won't find him in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He's not there. Metallica is. Abba is. Mamas and the Papas -- I know they're in there. Jefferson Airplane, Alice Cooper, Steely Dan -- I've got nothing against Metal, Soft Rock, Hard Rock, Psychedelic Pop. I got nothing against any of that stuff. But after all, it is called the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Billy Lee Riley is not there. Yet. And it’s taking too long. I'd see him a couple times a year and we'd always spent time together and he was on a rockabilly festival nostalgia circuit, and we'd cross paths now and again. We'd always spend time together. He was a hero of mine. I'd heard "Red Hot." I must have been only 15 or 16 when I did and it's impressed me to this day. I never grow tired of listening to it. Never got tired of watching Billy Lee perform, either. We spent time together just talking and playing into the night. He was a deep, truthful man. He wasn't bitter or nostalgic. He just accepted it. He knew where he had come from and he was content with who he was. And then one day he got sick. And like my friend John Mellencamp would sing -- because John sang some truth today -- one day you get sick and you don't get better. That's from a song of his called "Life is Short Even on Its Longest Days." It's one of the better songs of the last few years, actually. I ain't lying. And I ain't lying when I tell you that MusiCares paid for my friend's doctor bills, mortgage and gave him spending money. They were able to at least make his life comfortable, tolerable to the end. That is something that can't be repaid. Any organization that would do that would have to have my blessing. I'm going to get out of here now. I'm going to put an egg in my shoe and beat it. I probably left out a lot of people and said too much about some. But that's OK. Like the spiritual song, 'I'm still just crossing over Jordan too.' Let's hope we meet again. Sometime. And we will, if, like Hank Williams says, "the good Lord willing and the creek don't rise.”

[Verse 1]
Tryna live my life any way I like it
Never let a simp' nigga mess up my eye lid
Something 'bout yo' eyes, they hit me by surprise, shit
Feelin' hella sprung, if you with it then you got it
I've been waitin' up, nothin' on but your chain now
Filling up the tub, what's the scent of the day now
Boy you can't resist it, boy you know you miss it
Can we find a way?

[Chorus]
5 am I can't eat right, I can't sleep night
I can't do anything without you
I've been running from you all night and now it feel like
I can't do anything without you
Want you I want you babe
I want it baby
Want you I want you babe
Yeah I need it baby
Want you I want you babe
I want it baby

[Drop]
5 am and I want you baby
5 am and I want you baby

[Verse 2]
What you tryna play boy, you know I'm ready
I'm like a buffet, body's yours for the taking
Almost done for breakfast, tell me you gon' make it7Hungry, hungry boy, you'll be begging for the bacon
Practising my tricks, I got plenty
Throw one down right now if you'd let me
Tell me what you like
Ride if you ready, ride if you ready, ide if you ready

[Chorus] + 

[Drop]

[Bridge]
Cause it's 5am, 5am I can't eat right
I can't sleep right
Won't do anything without you
Can't do anything without you

[Chorus] + 

[Drop]

[Intro: Joyce Meyer]

"Patience is not simply the ability to wait
It's how we behave while we're waiting."

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Patience
Patience is the ability to accept trouble, suffering, delay
Without getting angry or upset
I feel like if you could master patience, you could master anything
To sit and plan out your goals & dreams, strategize
Understand how the universe works
How things manifest
The time it takes is part of your own learning process
It's hard to realize this when things aren't coming fast enough
Whether it's a check, a job, a loan, a dream, a goal -
It all takes patience

[Interlude]
I'm so happy dog, no matter what, no matter what's going on 

[Yeah]
To be in L.A., to look out that window and see that view

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Always remember, with the proper attention, from the highest place
The purest place, the highest vibration, you'll always get what you want
There's no point in rushing
If you rush too much, you might not get where you going
Usually when you rushing, you stressing
It can effect the quality of any and everything you doing
You might have a thousand strikes before you hit a homerun
To see the bottom means that the top is just as real
And just as obtainable
I realize patience is key for happiness
It allows you to be happier
To always see the bigger picture in everything
I feel like wisdom is priceless
And patience is a major part of that
There are certain things you can control
Some you can't
When you approach a situation with patience
You bring your best self to that situation
Giving yourself the best chance at success
At whatever is at hand
I learn there are lessons in patience
It could teach us a lot of things
I could give you a hundred stories
About how I wish I could go back in time to talk to myself -
Tell me to calm down, relax, don't let this throw you off
When I graduated highschool I decided to focus on music
It was one of the hardest things to watch all my homies at school
Especially the schools I could have went to
I felt like everyone around me was progressing
And I was at a standstill
Man I was doing a lot of reading
I realize you have to recognize your own process
And it can't be measured by anything but happiness
Just remember your journey is the most important part of the story
Not the trophy
The time I spent frustrated, depressed
Afraid of what might happen or not happen
Was the worst things I ever went through
Worst feelings I ever felt
I didn't get anywhere thinking, feeling like that
It was when I came out of that way of thinking that it all started turning around
I realized that a man who masters patience is a master of everything else
To make it to the top of your game
It takes patience

[Produced By: Da Honorable C.N.O.T.E. co-produced by Mike Dean]

[Verse 1]
What's this I see? Niggas tryna act like G's
Got A$AP, got Fergy with me, it's a new day, no Black Eyed Peas
That's that shit, mhm, mhm, yeah, that's that shit
You ain't got no Flacko in your Serato?
Mothafucka better blast that shit
Niggas drink quarts of the Clicquot (Uh)
Bitches sniff raw of the kilos (Uh)
Flacko makes sales of the perico
She know, went to ATL for my C-Note (Uh)
'Member, I ain't ever have no home (Yeah)
Now I got a penthouse and a beach home (Woo)
Back when I was rockin' least (2 Chainz!)
I was trappin' off at least like three phones (Uh)
Me and Yams made the plan
Then I paid myself and I gave myself advance
Way before I became myself
I'd like to thank myself because I made myself the man
It's like lately I ain't myself
I'd rather hang myself before I play myself
I tell her, "Throw on the dress with the pinstripes" (Uh)
Know the one that fit the booty all skin tight, that's right (Uh)
Yeah, you that shit, mhm, mhm, yeah, move that shit (Woo)
Frontin' like you did it for the fellas
Get all the bitches jealous when you do that shit
But my neck is gold, the rest is froze
Sex and hoes, best of both
Girls and girls, perpetual, sippin' slow, Texas throwed
Comma, I'm about decimals
Chill and get faded
I'm surprised that we made it
Young niggas know the sky's the limit
All I ever wanna do is chill and get shaded
Chill and get faded
Shit, I'm surprised that we made it
Nowadays stress overrated
All I ever wanna do is chill and get shaded

[Pre-Chorus]
I wanna see you take it all off
And she just wanna make it harder
And we just end up takin' longer
Can't impress her with them diamonds though, them diamonds

[Chorus]
Talkin' about M's
Talkin' bout M's, nigga, M's
Make 'em talk about, make 'em talk about M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Make 'em talk about, talkin' bout M's, nigga
Talkin' bout M's

[Verse 2]
It's like lately all I ever seem to think about is M's, nigga
Talkin' 'bout M's
See the same thing all up in my bank account
M's, nigga, talkin' 'bout M's
And my YouTube account say the same amount
M's, nigga, talkin' 'bout M's
Finna go in, go ham like Em'
Flacko do him, tell them worry 'bout them (Woo)
But I don't even trip though
Bruh, bruh, yeah, I'm really with the shits though
My, my, I get hypnotized when them hips go by
Those tits, those thighs (Right)
You that shit mhm, mhm, yeah, do that shit
Uh, do it like you got a point to prove to any chick
Any dudes that you that bitch

[Pre-Chorus]
I wanna see you take it all off
And she just wanna make it harder
And we just end up takin' longer
Can't impress her with them diamonds though, them diamonds

[Chorus]
Talkin' about M's
Talkin' bout M's, nigga, M's
Make 'em talk about, make 'em talk about M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Make 'em talk about, talkin' bout M's, nigga
Talkin' bout M's
Talkin' about M's
Talkin' bout M's, nigga, M's
Make 'em talk about, make 'em talk about M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Nigga, talkin' bout M's
Make 'em talk about, talkin' bout M's, nigga
Talkin' bout M's

[Intro]
Yeah
This is that-
Uh huh, where the money?
Uh huh, what, what

[Hook]
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right

[Refrain: Big Sean + Kanye West]
And they always stay down, down, down, down
Down, down, down, down, down, down
This for my dawgs, for my dawgs, man, that always stay
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down
Weed, money, liquor
I'mma drown, drown, drown, drown, drown, drown, drown

[Verse 1]
Okay, I ain't that fucked up, but I'm halfway
We came a long way from the alley
Bad, bad, bad bitches they dressed up
Like it's the NBA draft day
And I bet and I bet that she ain't gon' be that late
For a young, sexy face like me
A young, young, young, sexy face like me
She like girls if she don't like me
And if you do then I do girl, I see ya, I see ya
The way that you pose I might have to IG ya
Sexy young thing, I might have to ID her
Ooh, damn I got some ideas
We could fuck up the couch in the club like it came from Ikea
Goin' so hard the whole night is a blur
Older women be like, "damn, you mature"
I say you the one, but goddamn I got nerve

[Hook]
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know

[Refrain: Big Sean + Kanye West]
And they always stay down, down, down, down
Down, down, down, down, down, down
This for my dawgs, for my dawgs, man, that always stay
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down
Weed, money, liquor
I'mma drown, drown, drown, drown, drown, drown, drown

[Verse 2]
Okay, I sip the kamikaze while I bend the body
And I whip the Maserati like I'm Ricky Bobby
I be mobbin', I be mobbin' like I'm Gotti
I might even speak Italian
50 women in the room like we ain't even got a lobby
I be wildin' like I never had a daddy
And the titties paparazzi, they be flashin', god damnit I'm a hottie
Got her friends tryna fuck me and her man's tryna rob me
And she won't leave me alone, I tell the trick to get a hobby
I ain't even gonna lie, I got a million dollar chick
With a billion dollar pussy
Every time I cum, I swear to God I feel like I be rich
Yeah, tryna get that hotel money
But you know them crackers ain't gonna let you get the Ritz
They ain't gonna let you get the fountain in the front with the fist
They gonna give you courtside at the Clips
But never ownership, they ain’t on that donor shit
Well, fuck giving it to me, I'mma take that shit
Forget crackin' the code, I'mma break that shit
I'mma calamari steak that shit
And cop so much ice, me and my dogs gonna skate that shit
Bitch do it so big you can't escape that shit
Hoes tryna have my baby just to Ricki Lake that shit
I hate that shit
Girls handing me their heart, how could I not break that shit?

[Hook]
My whole squad in this bitch
And they gon' stay there the whole night
I mix that shit with champagne
Been waitin' on that shit my whole life
Forever me and my dawgs
Yeah, nigga, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right
Yeah, yeah, you know right

[Refrain: Big Sean + Kanye West]
And they always stay down, down, down, down
Down, down, down, down, down, down
This for my dawgs, for my dawgs, man, that always stay
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down
Weed, money, liquor
I'mma drown, drown, drown, drown, drown, drown, drown

[Verse 1]
Friday night we go watch music
Saturday we do Half Dome
If you want to go ahead
Just let me know

That wasn't all that bad
Oh well, I'll sleep tomorrow
I think I'ma take it slow
So don't wait up

[Chorus]
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting

[Refrain]
I won't dare to look at time
Look at who you are beside

[Chorus]
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting
You must be waiting

[Produced by DJ Mustard & Key Wane]

[Intro]
Mustard on the beat, ho

[Chorus: Big Sean]
I know you've been goin' through some things, uh-huh
I know you don't even love the same, do you, do you?
I know you've been runnin' on empty, runnin' on empty
The way you move it's like you could use a vacation
Drink in your hand and the harder you dance
I swear right now it look like you on a vacation
Gotta get away, make it happen
Whatever happened just had to happen
On vacation, yeah
I know you've been, I know you've been

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Dancin', dancin', dancin' like you fucking got a reason
Dancing like it's something to believe in
Dancing like it's fuckin' dancing season
Blame it on the alcohol or blame it on sativa
The harder your heart keep beating
Only feel bad while you're thinkin'
Pop, pop, pop like Pepsi Co. the best we smoke
Plus the tan look like you flew in from Mexico
Go go, let me see how wild it get, bust it wide as it get
You need to be taken care of and pampered
But just like a pamper, he on that childish shit
Yeah, I know you've been silencing your phone
(Silencing your phone, ignoring calls from home)
Uh-huh, I know you've been tryna get along
What's up, it's on, no games, we grown
I know you feel like sometimes
That y'all don't speak the same language
Uh-huh, I know that you just wanna let it go
With all the bitches that you came with

[Verse 2: Jhene Aiko]
I know you've been going through some thangs
Wanna get away, baby, let me be your vacation
That other trick you've been fuckin' with is a trip
You know she be playin', baby I am just saying
I know you know I am down for whatever, yeah
You know I'm just here to make you feel better, yeah
Take a load off on my private island
Come inside and go into hiding
I know that you've been sacrificing your time
And need time to unwind and let go
So let go and let's go and let's roll and we roll

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
Excited, activated get ignited
So many charges on my card, oh God I think it got indicted
Get a, get a night, get a day, get a room, get a place
Get a drink, pop a bottle, maybe we can get away
You a star, you need space, we can shoot up out of town
Have you ever been to Texas? South By Southwestern
Where we can smoke a zip like we can't get arrested
Where they might know us off any intersection
I mean baby I know you've been, wanna be the baddest
Wanna be with somebody who ain't never had it
No status, just all cinematics, you just gotta cast it

[Bridge: Big Sean & Jhene Aiko]
I know you've been crying and poutin'
Know you're tired of arguing but no screaming and shouting
And you know we on a roll like we did good in college
Throwin' hundreds and thousands
Like they not hundreds and thousands

[Chorus: Big Sean & Jhene Aiko]
Why? Cause I know you've been going through some things
I know you've been going through some things you can't explain
With your main thing that shit insane
I know you just tryna maintain, that shit is lame, you can't complain
I know you don't even love the same, do you, do you?
Don't love the same, I know you've been diving through pain
I know you goin' so crazy, I know you runnin' on empty
That shit can fuck with your mente
I know this shit, don't you tempt me, I know you...
I know you've been runnin' on empty, runnin' on empty
The way you move it's like you could use a vacation
I know you, I know you
Drink in your hand and the harder you dance
I swear right now it look like you want a vacation
Gotta get away, make it happen
Whatever happened just had to happen
On vacation, yeah
I know you've been, I know you've been

[Outro: Big Sean]
I know it look like like you need a vacation
How 'bout Hawaii, maybe Jamaica, maybe Asia
Take you places other niggas can't take ya
Don't forget the makeup, yeah
Maureen
It's hard to explain
I'm never gonna see you again
And you'll never meet my new friends

Maureen, I miss you
I just can't explain
I'm never gonna see you again
I wish you could meet my new friends

Walking along the subway listening to
Loving you is easy acapella
You were a souped-up car in that rent-a-go-cart town
And I miss you, Maureen

We're as thick as thieves

Maureen, Maureen
Remember when my mother said to me
"Sade, don't you come home too late
'Til you're back, I stay awake"
And Maureen
With the boys you could tell at a glance
You'd say "He looks good
Let's hope he can dance"
Wicky wacky party to the...

Where are we going tonight
And what will you be wearing
Shone like a souped-up car in that rent-a-go-cart town
And I miss you, Maureen
I miss you, girl

You were my best friend
Never gonna see you again, Maureen
And you'll never meet my new friends
You really were a pearl in my world, Maureen

Maureen
It's hard to explain
You'll never go 'round to see me again
You'll never meet my new friends

Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends
Never meet my new friends

[Chorus: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
The things you do

[Verse 1: Drake]
These days, I'm lettin' God handle all things above me
The things I can't change are the reason you love me
Listen, you can hear them callin' my name
I'm all over the place, I can't sit in one place
I'm not ashamed at all
Still findin' myself, let alone a soulmate, I'm just sayin'
Feel like we one and the same, our relationship changed
That, or it never existed
Whenever they say somethin' 'bout us, you listen
But fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you
Fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline
That's cuttin' all into my time with you
My time with you, my

[Chorus: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
The things you do

[Verse 2: Drake]
She said, "You're my everything"
"I love you through everything"
I done did everything to her
She forgave me for everything
This a "forever" thing
Hate that I treat it like it's a "whatever" thing
Trust me, girl, this shit is everything to me
She from the jungle
She from the jungle
I take somebody else's car, drive there undercover
This shit is everything to me
This shit is everything
Don't know where we stand
I used to hit you 'bout everything, oh

[Bridge: Drake]
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Are we still good? Are we still good?
If I need to talk, are you around?
Are you down for the cause?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Are you down for the cause?
Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?
Are you down for the cause?
You still down? You still down? You still down?

[Chorus: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
The things you do

[Verse 3: Drake]
Yeah, these days, these new girls, they got me nervous
They go to school and do bottle service
They can't decide, they keep switchin' majors
Being indecisive makes me anxious
Call your number and it's out of service
Who can I call for your information?
What am I supposed to do after we done everything that we done?
Who is your replacement?

[Bridge: Drake]
Are we still good? Are we still good?
Are we still good? Are we still good?

[Chorus: Gabriel Garzón Montano]
Rock me real slowly
Put a bib on me
I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you
The things you do

[Driver]
How was your night pop?

[Drake]
It was, uh... it was alright. Shit's just crazy man. The whole energy out here is just changing, you know, it's just getting dark man, quick. It's like mans are on the road it feels like as if anybody is a target, you know, you just don't know where it's gonna come from, can't even gauge it man. It's like I go from that, trying to balance that to just balance my own sanity, drinking more, smoking more, you know staying up so late that it's early, like fuck. I'm not losing it though, you know, I'm just venting, I'm not like worried, it's already too late for these guys trust me, I'm just more worried about myself you know, I just gotta come home.

JUNGLE

??: What's the day today?
??: October 2nd, 2008
??: I'mma take the same video, on October 2nd 2009 and see if we can get in this thing without ID (?)

[Produced by Kanye West, OG Webbie, & Mano]

[Intro: Kanye West]
Yeah, and we G.O.O.D
Keep talkin' about this shit but whatever
We can go back and forth all day

[Chorus: Kanye West & Travis Scott (Ambrosia)]
(How much I feel, I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
That's that don't play! Whuh! That's that new Ye
People sayin' I'm the closest thing to Mike since Janet, whuh!
Tom Cruise, homie, we jumpin' up on them couches
That's a fresh house, is that a guest house?
Your house got another house?
Your bitch got a bitch, your spouse got another spouse
Young Walt Disney, I'ma tell you truthfully
If you leave Mickey you gon' end up with a Goofy
I imagine that's what Chris told Karrueche
Girls be actin' like it's diamonds in they coochie
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
But cops chokin' niggas out in the media
We finna have to protest and tear the city up
We 'bout to tear this whole place up, pretty much
(How much I live)

[Bridge: Kanye West]
And you know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, babe
You know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, but me

[Chorus: Kanye West & Travis Scott]
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Hoe, we done made it through hell and disaster
My crib done got bigger, my women got badder
You wonderin', "How do you get in the game?"
I'm wonderin', "How do I get to the rafters?"
Oh boy, I'm mad until these records gettin' shattered
'Til I'm MJ or Magic, ooh, and she just want the status
So, you the man she got, but I'm the man that she been after
She done sent so many naked pics, my phone ain't got no data
I walk off in New York like my name Derek Jeter
Headed home to the D where you know I keep a Gina (Gina!)
I'm the good with the evil; fuck you, nice to meet you
You can't have a peace sign, man, without the middle finger
With the clique when you see us, that's my family to me
That's my family tree, they're my arms, legs, hands, and my feet
And I can't cut them off with even diabetes
Hit the beat and kerosene it; scratch that, I white sheet it
A 100 dollar fade every single time you see us
Been a king all my life so I shoulda got a Caesar
Somewhere off in Vegas rollin' dice up at the Caesar's
Got me thinkin' back bout how I used to roll to Little Caesars
Piece of pizza with Tanisha now I'm with a Boniqua
She finna blow at that
I got your dream girl, yeah, she actin' like a hoe at that
Throw her to me, I'ma throw that back
Top spot, I'm finna go at that (Straight up)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Travis Scott (Ambrosia)]
(I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

[Verse 3: Big Sean & Kanye West]
Hoe, you gotta move quick
World in my hands, I ain't gotta loose grip
I don't like loose pussy or loose lips
And I done did the impossible a few times, Tom Cruise shit
Hoe, and I ain't satisfied bein' on that top five list
I ain't satisfied until I'm on that all-time list
Til everything I spit is all timeless
My girl on that all fine list
My life a little luck, a lot of grind, bitch!
No "maybe," hoe, I gotta make it
Fuck your nomination; man, fuck the world
I'm repopulatin', wrap my Rollie round my waist
Yeah, time's a-wastin'
Niggas want the comma-comma-combination
Long as I'm around, it's gon' be dot-dot-dot, a lot of waitin'
Got my pinky on her brain while I'm gettin' brain
Plottin' world domination, people ask me how to make it
I'm just like "man, if you want the crown, bitch, you gotta take it"
Straight up (Straight up!)

[Intro: Young Thug]
(Dollars) Yeah
Hold up, Booke, where you at?
I'm in the 'yo, pull up, bro
Hold up, hold up, hold up, where you at?
I'm at the studio, bro, pull up

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
I let my homies air ya out
Like a car that's been sittin' for seven days
Yeah, and you can split the money seven ways
Or, let them strip you like you work at Blaze, ooh
Ray Bans, dark shades
Yeah, purple syrup, call it pink lemonade
I'm paid and I sip syrup all day
It's my sport, you should call it Leanoray
Orange and purple, it's 

[?]
Kush sprayed with finger spray
Nigga, I'm a junky, you niggas minor racks
I'm chasin' money, I never ran from that
I never ran from jack
If you make me run, shit, I'm back, uhhh

[Verse 2: MPA Wicced]
Ear piece is too cold, my neckpiece ridiculous
Ooh, my ring get me barking like it been frost bitten
I be gettin' bitches while you couch sittin'
You niggas soft as mitten, don't make me pay a visit
See, I be in the kitchen, rappin' and pitchin'
You know I gotta keep the smell down, vacuum city
You broke like a old elbow, you can't pay attention
See I be in the trenches 

[?] and the bitches
Franklin steady knocking and I'm like, "Who is it?"
I let 'em right on in, now, why would I 

[?]
You can ask your girlfriend, this money don't bend
I got the more hundreds, I ain't got them ones in

[Verse 3: Yung Booke]
Oneway gettin' in and out this whip, this ain't no photo
And two nines stay with me, Rondo and Romo
Thug, fuck what they talkin' 'bout, holmes got out too quick
Follow my footsteps, better step over all the shit that I kick
Uh, where the Lysol?
Need a kickstand in the booth 'cause I been sippin'
So I might fall (Hold up)
Got my whites on and just sound like a motherfucker (Damn)
Turn the lights off (Yeah)
Boss shit, take a loss get it right back
Yeah, tax write off
Fuck nigga, nah, we don't like ya'll
Damn, I'm a problem, can't solve me
I'm fly as a bitch 

[?] me
Fake barbers tryna condone me
Nah, not happenin'
But we foldin' niggas like napkins
No round of applause, we clappin'
This Flya again what's crackin' nigga

[Verse 4: Young Thug]
Yeah, thank you, thank you gentlemen, let me take that
Money is all I think about, I'm in love with that
Hunnids is all I'm bangin' on, I'm in love with cats
Money is all I'm talkin' now, now, where Franklin at?
I'm bout kick in the prison like take Franklin at
Juney, they say you snitch, nigga, what's up with that?
You homie, but my crew say you gotta go with that
You pissin' and shittin' on yourself, nigga, you wrong for that
And yeah, we, we from the sewer, but we don't fuck with rats
Ayy, and if I ran from you, nigga, I don't fuck with crack
What up, crap?
OG Poppin', nigga
Ayy, freaky say fuck what they say, that nigga out too quick
And I'm like freaky nigga go ahead with that bullshit
'Cause both, both of ya'll nigga hard
Both of y'all got famous cliques
So let, let's get that rap money, fuck them bricks
Uh, got stripes every day, it's zebra day
Uh, and if they play, let ninas spray
I'm chasin' money, I never ran from that
I never ran from jack
I mean they made me run but I'm back, uhh
A woman she loves me with all of her heart
Swear by many powers, we could never part
Since Ive left shes acting strange
Everything is changed, nothing remain the same
Call me, she used to call me bya
She used to call me, oh da
She working down, down town somewhere as a clerk
I know she had lots of potentials
Didnt have to prove no one or show her credentials
Used to call me, she used to call me
Used to call me dada

A woman she loves me with all her heart
Swear by some powers, we could never part

Since Ive left, acting strange
And everything is changed, nothing remain the same
Call me, she used to call me
She used to call me dada, yeah dada
Well, check out her home, found a work
Working down, down town somewhere, as a clerk
I know
Potential
But I heard, heard shes gone commercial
Used to call me, she used to call me
Call me, dada, dada, dada
She used to call me, she used to call me
She used to call me, dada, dada, dada

[Produced by PARTYNEXTDOOR]

[Intro]
Yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
When I pull up on a nigga tell that nigga back, back
I'm too good with these words, watch a nigga backtrack
If I die, all I know is I'm a mothafuckin' legend
It's too late for my city, I'm the youngest nigga reppin'

[Chorus]
Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend
Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend

[Verse 1]
I'm up first, I'm on tour, got a girl, she from the South
Used to work, used to dance in Texas, now she clean the house
Everyday, I was strugglin' to learn what life's about
On my way, money taught me Spanish, make it andale
Way up north, packed in Honda cars
They don't know who we are
Fuck 'em all, they only pussy niggas shootin' at the star
Right or wrong, I'ma write my wrongs
They can't live this long
You don't know where you're gonna go
I got this shit mapped out strong

[Pre-Chorus]
When I pull up on a nigga tell that nigga back, back
I'm too good with these words, watch a nigga backtrack
All I know, if I die, I'm a mothafuckin' legend
It's too late for my city, I'm the youngest nigga reppin'

[Chorus]
Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend
Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend

[Verse 2]
I'm the one, one
Why do I feel like the only one?
Why do I feel like you owe me one?
6 G-O-D, I'm the holy one
Yeah, you know wassup, yeah
They been off for a minute now
You know they all sentimental now
You know they all actin' different now
And I, I just can't pretend
Seen too much, it's so hard for me to let new people in
I can't change, this shit set in stone
They can't live this long
You don't know where you're gonna go
I got this shit mapped out strong

[Pre-Chorus]
When I pull up on a nigga tell that nigga back, back
I'm too good with these words, watch a nigga backtrack
All I know, if I die, I'm a mothafuckin' legend
It's too late for my city, I'm the youngest nigga reppin'

[Chorus]
Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend
Oh my God, oh my God, if I die, I'm a legend

[Outro]
I'm the one

[Produced by Cashmere Cat & Sinjin Hawke]

[Hook: Kanye West]
Lost and, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Lost and, found now
Turned out, our new love
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
I do, love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama, knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found now

[Bridge: Vic Mensa]
Cry, I'm not sorry
Cry, who needs sorry when there's Hennessey
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you

[Hook: Kanye West]
Lost and, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

[Verse 2: Sia]
I was lost and beat up
Turned out, burned up
You found me, through a heartache
Knowin', you were drawn in
I was lost and beat up
I was warm flesh, unseasoned
You found me, in your gaze
I found you, oh Jesus
I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild
Amongst the yellow eyes

[Bridge: Vic Mensa]
Cry, I'm not sorry
Cry, who needs sorry when there's Hennessey
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you

[Produced by Jimmy Johnson & Eric Dingus]

[Bridge 1]
It's over, it's over, yeah, I'm leaving, I'm gone
I can't stay here no more, and I can't sleep on the floor
Man, I'm leaving, I'm leaving, you know I got my reasons
Yeah, I'm leaving, yeah, I'm leaving, yeah, I'm leaving, I'm gone
I'm leaving, I'm gone, had to knock down the wall
Yeah, I swear to God that I'm gone, I'm leaving, I'm leaving
No looking back when I'm gone, no looking back when I'm gone
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more

[Chorus]
No more, no more, no more
No more, no more, no more
No more, no more, no more
No more, no more

[Verse 1]
It's over, it's over, yeah, I'm leaving, I'm gone
I've been doing this wrong, I've been here for too long
I'm leaving, I'm leaving, you know I got my reasons
Yeah, I'm leaving, I'm leaving, I'm leaving, I'm gone
I'm leaving, I'm gone
I don't wanna miss the boat, I don't wanna sit in coach
I don't wanna sit at home, I gotta get where I'm going
I'm afraid that I'ma die before I get where I'm going
I know I'ma be alone, I know I'm out on my own
I just gotta hit the road, I just gotta know the road
I just gotta hit the road, I just gotta know the road
I just gotta know the road

[Bridge 2]
Something to say, then say that then
I just been out and bad from way back when
I can't be out here on no laid back shit
I can't be out here on no laid back shit
You got something to say, then say that then
I just been out and bad from way back when
I gotta get on the road, I gotta get on the road
I ain't looking back no more, no, no, no
No more, no more, no more

[Chorus]
No more, no more, no more
No more, no more, no more
No more, no more, no more
No more, no more

[Verse 2]
I gotta go out and get it, want you to know what I did
Want you to know how it went
That's why I keep telling you over and over again
Just let me go
Just let me go, let me bring it home to you
Just let me go, let me bring it home to you
Now and forever, I'll bring it home to you
Just let me go, let me bring it home
Let me go, let me bring it home to you
Let me go, let me bring it home to you
Let me go, let me bring it home
Now and forever, I'll bring it home to you
Let me go, let me bring it home to you
Let me go, let me bring it home to you
Now and forever, I'll bring it home
Now and forever, I'll bring it home

[Part 1]

[Intro]
Hol' it yute, hol' it, hol' it, hol' it, hol' it, hol' it
No sleepin' in the streets!
Shaky warrior
Yeah, this that Oliver, 40, Niko shit man
15 Fort York shit, y'know?
Boi-1da, what's poppin'?
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
Countin' money, you know how it goes
Pray the real live forever, man
Pray the fakes get exposed
I want that Ferrari, then I swerve
I want that Bugatti, just to hurt
I ain't rockin' my jewelry, that's on purpose
Niggas want my spot and don't deserve it
I don't like how serious they take themselves
I've always been me, I guess I know myself
Shakiness, man, I don't have no time for that
My city too turned up, I'll take the fine for that
This been where you find me at
That's been where you find me at
I know a nigga named Johnny Bling
He put me on to the finer things
Had a job sellin' Girbaud jeans
I had a yellow TechnoMarine
Then Kanye dropped, it was polos and backpacks
Man, that was when Ethan was pushin' a Subaru hatchback
Man, I'm talkin' way before hashtags
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes
(Yeah!)

[Part 2]

[Beat Switch]

[Chorus]
I was runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Don't fuck with them niggas, they too irrational, woah

[Verse 2]
This is that nasty flow
Top boy in this shit, I'm so international
Reps up is in here
Got P Reign and Chubby and TJ and Winnie and woah
Yeah, and you know how that shit go
I might declare it a holiday as soon as Baka get back on the road
Yeah, but you know how that shit go
They so irrational, they don't wanna patch it up
They wanna mash it up, woah
My nigga Jibba, he whip it, I ride in the passenger
I'm way up, I stay up, I'm two up, I'm three up
I had to get back to you, woah
I'm turnin' into a nigga that thinks about money and women
Like 24/7, that's where my life took me
That's just how shit happened to go
And you know
Runnin' through the 6 with my, with my

[Chorus]
I was running through the 6 with my woes
And you know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
You know how that shit go
Runnin' through the 6 with my woes
You know how that shit go

[Outro: Popcaan & Drake]
...Shell out, all if yuh eye nuh big
Always haffi look out, yuh no know if yuh head book out
Dun know, a de Unruly boss, dis man
No bomboclat, otha
And if a boy nuh like OVO or Chromatic
Yuh can jus suck yuh mada!!
With no apology, if you nuh like we, we nuh like you neither youth
Your girl a say we cute, if you diss you will get execute
That's the truth, OVO Unruly
(Machine gun shots)
With my woes

[Chorus: Lil B]
Girl there ain't no question, I'll give you (?)
All you gotta do is call

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
I buy you the world baby, I buy you the world
I'm gon' hurt that pussy like Tampax Pearl
I'm so ready to go H.A.M for lil good girl
You never gotta' worry baby, that's my word
Feellin' her like 

[?], feeling like 

[?]
Baby, I will hug your ass tighter than a depend
Everytime we fuck, you go rough  like revenge
Everytime we fuck, you try 

[?]
I'm gon try to sing to it, when I get inside it
Roll and put my thing to it, from the back I put my brain to it
And my baby super bad, I think she jewish, oh yeah

[Chorus: Lil B]
Girl there ain't no question, I'll give you (?)
All you gotta do is call

[Verse 2: Lil B]
Girl, I know you miss me when I'm on the road
Baby, we can do it wherever you wanna go
Baby, I would never let you leave me
And I got you, and that's the way it was meant to be
Baby girl them niggas, they be hating
But I don't really care, cause it's me and you
Them other bitches just look at they ffaces
They mad cause they can't pull up in that whip like you
Baby can I promis I won't leave?
That other nigga, baby he weak
And you know that I want you
So girl what you gon do?

[Chorus: Lil B]
Girl there ain't no question, I'll give you (?)
All you gotta do is call

[Produced by Noah "40" Shebib]

[Chorus]
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure (Man, man)
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you

[Verse 1]
What if I pick you up from your house?
We should get out, we haven't talked in a while
We should roll to see where it goes
I saw potential in you from the go, you know that I did
I don't know if you know, but I know who you are
You could be big as Madonna
Just get in the car and then let's touch the road
Don't make other plans
Say you get up early, you work for the man
Well, he'll understand
Pull up, I'm pullin' up on you in ten
Already on ten
Big as Madonna, I'll say it again (Six-six-six!)
Soon as you get in

[Chorus]
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you

[Verse 2]
Plan this shit out on my own, the way it should go
Wrote it in code then wrote it in stone
So they'll never know
But I might tell you one day you never know
We'll see how I feel
We'll see if you hold up your end of the deal
For now let me handle the wheel
And don't worry about doing your hair
Or what you should wear
This not a video shoot I don't care
Don't over-prepare
Got to remind me again where you stay
Even though I think I know the way
But, you know, just in case I miss the road
Pulling up on you in ten just be ready to go

[Chorus]
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you

[Intro]
Yeah
Yeah

[Verse]
Oh, you gotta love it, oh, you got—oh, you gotta love it
I heard what circulated, let's get to the bottom of it
I told 1da send me something and I got it covered
Somehow I always rise above it
Why you think I got my head in the clouds on my last album cover?
The game is all mine and I'm mighty possessive
Lil Wayne could not have found him a better successor
Every shot you see 'em take at me, they all contested
Allen Iverson shoe deal, these niggas all in question
Last night I went to sleep wanting more
Tryna decide what direction I should go towards
Some nights I wish I could go back in life
Not to change shit, just to feel a couple things twice
28 at midnight, wonder what's next for me
Longevity, wonder how long they'll check for me
Prolly forever if I stay in my zone
I speak on this generation, but can't change it alone
I heard a lil, lil homie talking reckless in Vibe
That's quite a platform you chose, you should've kept it inside
Oh, you tried? It's so childish calling my name on the world stage
You need to act your age and not your girl's age
It gets worse by the annual
My career's like a how-to manual, so I guess it's understandable, man
Oh, you gotta love it, you gotta love it, yeah
I know rappers that call paparazzi to come and get 'em
To show they outfits off, guess they need the attention
I remember when it used to be music that did it
But then again times have changed, man, who are we kiddin'?
I'm managed by my friends that I grew up with
I'd rather give that 15% to people I fuck with
If me and Future hadn't made it with this rappin'
We'd prolly be out in Silicon tryna get our billions on
But here we are, yeah
Lately, I feel the haters eatin' away at my confidence
They scream out my failures and whisper my accomplishments
Bitches alter my messages like we had words
And stories 'bout my life hit the net like a bad serve
Bitter women I'm overtextin' are PMSing
Crazy this year—fuckin' with my image
I've been tryna reach the youth so I can save 'em this year
Fuck it, I guess I gotta wait 'til next year
And I heard someone say something that stuck with me a lot
'Bout how we need protection from those protectin' the block
Nobody lookin' out for nobody
Maybe we should try and help somebody or be somebody
Instead of bein' somebody that makes the news, so everybody can Tweet about it
And then they start to "R.I.P." about it
And four weeks later nobody even speaks about it
Damn, I just had to say my piece about it
Oh, you gotta love it—
But they scared of the truth so back to me showin' out in public, that's a hotter subject
I been whippin' Mercedes and nigga try to budget
I gotta make it back to Memphis to check on my cousins
Shout out to Ashley, Tasha, Bianca
Julia, Ericka, Southern America
Part of my heritage, pardon my arrogance
Part in my hair again, that's that comeback flow
Comeback flow, once I start it's apparent
I'm with a girl who ass is so big that's partly embarrassin'
But fuck all the blushin' and fuck your discussions and fuck all the judgement
Your content so aggressive lately, what's irkin' you?
Shit is gettin' so personal in your verses too
I wanna prove that I'm number one over all these niggas
Bein' number two is just being the first to lose
My city dictated music, nobody seein' us
Winter here already, but somehow I'm heatin' up
Been observin' the game and felt like I've seen enough
Let's drop a tape on these niggas, then we'll see wassup
Yeah, boy, you rappin' like you seen it all
You rappin' like the throne should be the three of y'all
"Best I Ever Had" seems like a decade ago
Decadent flow and I still got a decade to go
Oh please, take it ease, where's the love and the peace?
Why you rappin' like you come from the streets?
I got a backyard where money seems to come from the trees
And I'm never ever scared to get some blood on my leaves
Phantom slidin' like the shit just hit a puddle of grease
I cook the beef well done on the double with cheese
Special order for anybody that's comin' for me
Shit, you probably flinch if somebody sneeze
You see they got me back talkin' like it's just 40, Oli, and me
Cuttin' all loose ends, I be the barber for free
I'm almost at four minutes goin' off on the beat
Feel like I'm in the Malibu that had the cloth on the seats
Man, oh, you gotta love it, yeah
And on top of that it's getting harder to eat
Rappers downgrading houses, putting cars on the lease
To think labels said they'd have a problem marketing me
And now it's everybody else that's getting hard to believe
But, man, oh, you gotta love it (Oh)
Yeah
And head to toe, I'm Prada covered (Whoop)
I know your girl well, just not in public
Blame the city, I'm a product of it
Young nigga from the city
You gotta love it

[Outro]
Yeah, gotta love it
*Laughs*
Yeah

[Verse 1: Drake]
I got some shit for you to come and get
I'm at the St. Regis up on Briar Oaks
Hit me when you done your shift
Wooh, I see you doin' well, baby
Oh, you pullin' shit together, I can tell, baby (Oh-oh)
Is you single or what? I need a girl from the country
I need a girl from Kentucky, I need a shawty from Houston
I need a girl who gon' love me
I need a girl who gon' trust me, someone to fuck me
Someone to make me feel lucky
Someone that's so proud to be with me
She walk right up to her ex, look him dead in the face
And say, "You ain't got the juice like that
You ain't got the juice like that"
That's cold, ice cold, girl you ain't have to do him like that
Why you had to do him like that?
Gotta come through quick, quick
Oh you at the club cashin' out with Eric
Then hit me when you done your shift
I know a girl I should propose to
But we just on some different shit
She on some up at 9AM already cookin' in the kitchen shit
And lately we've been fightin'
On some "why-you-love-these-strippers?" shit
Yeah, she workin' with the spatula, I know she love flippin' shit, oh!
Oh, me, I don't deserve it (at least you fuckin' know it)
She's just a little too perfect, she's just a little too worth it
I don't deserve her at all, no not at all
I only text her, man, I never call
I'm still a canine at heart, I'm a dog
Yeah, that's why you gotta come through quick, quick
I'm posted at the Derek up on Westheimer
Hit me when you're done your shift, yeah

[Chorus: Drake]
I need some company, I need some company
I need you to take my mind off being in my prime
Some company

[Interlude: Travis Scott]
I'm a dog, I'm in heat baby, heat baby
I'm a dog, I'm in heat baby
I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm in heat baby
I'm in heat baby...
Mo City trip! Mo City trip right now! Yeah
I'm on a Mo City trip, I'm on a Mo City trip right now
Ayy, ayy, a Mo City trip right now
Mo City trip, I'm on a Mo City trip right now

[Verse 2: Travis Scott]
It's a couple faces in here that a nigga piped down
So let's go find a place that we can sip right now
Tour 'round the city, it's the shit right now
It's kinda lit right now that you're here right now
Pop a couple percs let's get it in right now
Saturday nights, off in my bed right now
Call up your girl and put them heels on
It's gettin' rowdy, rowdy right now, yeah
I'm on a Mo City trip, I'm a dog
I'm a dog, I'm in heat baby, heat baby
I'm a dog, I go ham, I'm a hog
Bitch so bad, coulda thought I owed her somethin'
By the way I broke her off (Broke her off)
When she get too on, we take it off (Take it off)
Drank so long, for a year I didn't cough (Cough)
Fantasizin' and fistin' and switchin' up positions (Straight up!)
Do you mind if we just menage just a little? (La Flame!)

[Outro: Travis Scott]
Mo City trip right now, Mo City trip right now
Mo City trip right now

[Chorus]
10 Bands, 50 bands, 100 bands, fuck it, man
Let's just not even discuss it, man
OMG, niggas sleep, I ain't trippin', I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin', let 'em rest in peace

[Verse 1]
I can tell ya how it happened
I can tell ya 'bout them safe house nights out in Calabasas
I can tell you not a rapper
Tryna sell this story, I don't even open up the package
Who you with? What you claim?
I was payin' mama's rent when was I turning 17
Soda dirty like Diana never clean
My ex asked me, "Where you movin'?" I said, "On to better things"

[Chorus]
10 Bands, 50 bands, 100 bands, fuck it, man
Let's just not even discuss it, man
OMG, niggas sleep, I ain't trippin', I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin', let 'em rest in peace

[Verse 2]
I been in the crib with the phones off
I been at the house taking no calls
I done hit the stride got my shit goin'
In the six cooking with the wrist motion
Drapes closed, I don't know what time it is
I'm still awake, I gotta shine this year
I could never ever let the streets down
Haven't left the condo for a week now

[Chorus]
10 Bands, 50 bands, 100 bands, fuck it, man
Let's just not even discuss it, man
OMG, niggas sleep, I ain't trippin', I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin', let 'em rest in peace

[Verse 3]
I've been on a mission, haven't left the condo
This that OVO, that SZN, this that new Toronto
I get boxes of free Jordan like I play for North Carolina
How much I make off the deal, how the fuck should I know?
All my watches always timeless, you can keep the diamonds
Treatin' Diamonds of Atlanta like it's King of Diamonds
Take a flick, I look like Meechy, look like Bleu DaVinci
I treat V Live like it's 07 in Magic City
Man, I told my city I'd be gone 'til November then November came
Then I came, right back on my worst behav'
6 God, put both hands together, that's amazin' grace
6 God, selfish with the love, I need all the praise (woo)
They got me feelin' like the one again (woo)
They got me feelin' like the one again
Yeah, shout goes out to Nike, checks all over me
I need a FuelBand just to see how long the run has been

[Chorus]
10 Bands, 50 bands, 100 bands, fuck it, man
Let's just not even discuss it, man
OMG, niggas sleep, I ain't trippin', I'ma let 'em sleep
I ain't trippin', let 'em rest in peace

[Outro]
I been in the crib with the phones off
I been at the house takin' no calls
I done hit the stride, got my shit going
In the 6 cookin' with the wri-wri-wri-wri

[Produced by Boi-1da & OB O'Brien]

[Intro: DJ Jah Walton & Drake]
Lickwood means "rewind" and gunshot means "forward"
You requested it, so we rewind
Yeah, way, way, way up
Turn it all up, yeah, look

[Chorus]
I got enemies,  got a lot of enemies
Got a lot of people tryna drain me of my energy
They tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga

[Verse 1: Drake]
I got girls in real life tryna fuck up my day
Fuck goin' online, that ain't part of my day
I got real shit poppin' with my family too
I got niggas that can never leave Canada too (Six)
I got two mortgages, thirty million in total
I got niggas that'll still try fuckin' me over
I got rap niggas that I gotta act like I like
But my actin' days are over, fuck them niggas for life, yeah

[Chorus]
I got enemies,  got a lot of enemies
Got a lot of people tryna drain me of this energy
They tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga

[Verse 2: Drake]
I got people talkin' down, man, like I give a fuck
I bought this one a purse, I bought this one a truck
I bought this one a house, I bought this one a mall
I keep buyin' shit, just make sure you keep track of it all
I got bitches askin' me about the code for the Wi-Fi
So they can talk about they Timeline
And show me pictures of they friends
Just to tell me they ain't really friends
Ex-girl, she the female version of me
I got strippers in my life, but they virgins to me
I hear everybody talkin' 'bout what they gon' be
I got high hopes for you niggas, we gon' see
I got money in the courts 'til all my niggas are free
'Bout to call your ass a Uber, I got somewhere to be
I hear fairy tales 'bout how they gon' run up on me
Well, run up when you see me, then, and we gon' see

[Chorus]
I got enemies,  got a lot of enemies
Got a lot of people tryna drain me of this energy
They tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga

[Verse 3: Drake]
Nah, fuck all of you niggas, I ain't finished
Y'all don't wanna hear me say it's a go
Y'all don't wanna see Win Win, 50 or Whoa
I got real ones livin' past Kennedy Road
I got real ones wit' me everywhere that I go
I'm tryna tell ya I got enemies, got a lot of enemies
Every time I see 'em, somethin' wrong with their memory
Tryna take the wave from a nigga
So tired of savin' all these niggas, mayne
Yeah, run 'em

[Chorus]
I got enemies, got a lot of enemies
Got a lot of people tryna drain me of this energy
They tryna take the wave from a nigga
Fuckin' with the kid and pray for your nigga
(I'm off this)

[Intro: Drake]
Whoa
Whoa
Yeah
Look

[Chorus: Drake]
Envelopes comin' in the mail, let her open 'em
Hopin' for a check again, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, she invite me to the telly, keep the blade with me
When I go to check a bitch, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, police comin' 'round lookin' for some help
On a case they gotta solve, we never help 'em
Yeah, I stay up late at night, thinkin' 'bout my life
Want a lot, will I get it all? Ain't no tellin'
Ain't no tellin', yeah, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, no tellin', ain't no tellin'

[Verse 1]
Suitcase, I been livin' out a suitcase
Still drinkin' Henny, if it's done, I'll take the D'usse
Oops, ayy, fuck it, all you niggas two-faced
Got the club goin' up on a Tuesday
True say, I been goin' hard, but then again
They think I'm soft, think I'm innocent
I'm just lookin' in the mirror like I'm really him
Man, I'm really him, you just fillin' in
Man, I got a blunt, can I get a light? Yeah
I took the summer off to get it right
Yeah, I gave these boys a shot and they fuckin' failed
Niggas like "You took the summer off? We couldn't tell"
Dawg, just bought a island, gotta sail to it
You pick the casket, I'll put the nail through it
I ain't gotta do it, but fuck it, somebody gotta do it
Hate if someone else did it, fuck, I may as well do it, ah!

[Chorus: Drake]
Envelopes comin' in the mail, let her open 'em
Hopin' for a check again, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, she invite me to the telly, keep the blade with me
When I go to check a bitch, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, police comin' 'round lookin' for some help
On a case they gotta solve, we never help 'em
Yeah, I stay up late at night, thinkin' 'bout my life
Want a lot, will I get it all? Ain't no tellin'
Ain't no tellin', yeah, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, no tellin', ain't no tellin'

[Verse 2: Drake & Rick Ross]
Okay, I had to switch the flow up on you niggas
The shit was gettin' too predictable
The new shit is on steroids, I would never pass a physical
I got it rollin' in all kinda ways, lump sum and residual, yeah
I mean we hear about the money you been gettin'
We just never seen a visual
It's our year (Aww, yeah)
Aww, yeah
I mean besides Ricky Ross, Aubrey the biggest boss here (Hunh)
What's the word these days?
Bunch of niggas chasing after all these women they don't even know (Wooo!)
Buncha' out of season women fuckin' off-season niggas
To get last season wardrobe (Wooo!)
All the rappers that you vouch for
Need to get out of the house more, they washed up
And even if the team was religious with it
I can't really see another squad tryna' cross us, naw (WOOO)

[Beat Switch]

[Interlude: Popcaan]
OVO, Unruly
One shot to make it in a life
From the six to the fucking 876

[Chorus: Drake]
Envelopes comin' in the mail, let her open 'em
Hopin' for a check again, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, she invite me to the telly, keep the blade with me
When I go to check a bitch, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, police comin' 'round lookin' for some help
On a case they gotta solve, we never help 'em
Yeah, I stay up late at night, thinkin' 'bout my life
Want a lot, will I get it all? Ain't no tellin'
Ain't no tellin', yeah, ain't no tellin'
Yeah, no tellin', man ain't no tellin'

[Break: Drake]
No tellin'
Yeah
Look

[Verse 3: Drake]
I gotta keep watchin' for oppers
'Cause anything's possible, yeah
There's no code of ethics out here
Anyone will take shots at you, yeah
Niggas think they can come take what I got
Let's be logical, yeah
V-Live, I order that Alfredo pasta
Then eat in the kitchen like I'm in the mafia
Houston, they get me though
European, my vehicle, how much it hit me fo'?
Ain't no tellin', yeah
What am I willin' to give her to get what I want tonight?
Ain't no tellin'
Please do not speak to me like I'm that Drake from four years ago
I'm at a higher place
Thinkin' they lions and tigers and bears
I go huntin', put heads on my fireplace, oh my

[Outro: Drake]
Take time, ain't no tellin'
Oh my, ain't no tellin'

[Part I]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
That's what they doin', Cam'ron
They actin' like these singers, man
"I ain't— I ain't goin' to the studio 'till I got a situation
A subject, I need a beat, I need the producer
Who— Who gon' be on the hook?" Man, what is you doin'?
Go in the studio with fuckin' clips, clips, ammo!

[Verse 1]
Brand-new Beretta, can't wait to let it go
Walk up in my label like, "Where the check, though?"
Yeah, I said it
Wouldn't dap you with the left, ho, shut the fuck up
Text from a centerfold, I ain't reply, let her know I read it though
Voicemail say she ready though (Yeah)
Niggas know I'm credible, ain't no pussy on a pedestal
Got my foot on the 'Cedes Benz pedal
Doin' ninety on the bridge, like, "Nigga, you already know"
And if you don't know, then now you know, now you know
Switchin up the angles
Now I'm in the Rolls with illuminated angel
Four, five chains, man, the gold gettin' tangled
My nigga Biz said, "The first mill' gon' change you"
Change for the better, hit it, then dead her
That's my vendetta, keep this shit together
Goddamn, we ain't even gotta scam
Cocaine coupe, we ain't even got a scale
Used to flip apps, now that old plug murked
Ain't a damn thing changed, you can still get the work, ayy

[Interlude]
Just hold on one moment and someone will be right with you
(We're sorry, you have reached a number that has been disconnected or is no longer in service)

[Part II]

[Intro]
Yeah

[Verse 2]
I remember I had went to Louis V with Haf'
Watched them spread ten thousand dollars on the glass
I never, ever thought I'd see that in my life
Now I'm in the East 'cause them boys are gettin' right, man
I was on TV, makin' fifty racks a year
After helpin' Mama out, the shit would disappear
I am not a man, I can't do this on my own
So I started askin' them if they would put me on
And they did put me on, yeah
They did put me on
Now we in the basement, and we workin' on the phone
Now we in the basement, and we workin' on the phone, man
Line blowin' up, workin' on the phones
Now we in the basement, and we workin' on the phones
But I just couldn't do it, had to leave that shit alone, man

[Interlude]
Hear what?
Yo hear what, take time
(Ha, ha, ha) Ahh, no shit
Yo hear what?
Wha gwan, fry skull
Him fried, him fried and a sleep awhile ago inna di van
You know Drizzy

[Chorus]
Blowin' up
Line blowin' up, they need the whole thing
Blowin' up
My niggas really need the whole thing, yeah, yeah
Blowin' up
Line blowin' up, they need the whole thing
Blowin' up
My niggas really need the whole thing, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ayy

[Verse 3]
I do better with the rider in my system
Ooh yeah, I'm on deck, when you call me, I'll listen
I listen unless I been mixin', you know when I'm mixin'
You know when I'm mixin'
I smoke when I drink, it's tradition
Like Zoe mama, I go hippy
Peace sign in the air like I'm Nixon, I'm mixin'
I am not Esco, but it was written
I knew when they didn't
I been had these visions of the life I'm livin' since I was Jimmy
All I had to do was just go and get it

[Chorus]
And now we blowin' up
Line blowin' up, they need the whole thing
Blowin' up, yeah
My niggas really need the whole thing, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ayy

[Produced by Ekali & PARTYNEXTDOOR]

[Verse 1: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Been a minute since we've slept together
Finna get myself together
I've been thinkin' about everything
I don't know if it's because I'm lonely
Lonely on a Wednesday night, girl, I'm lonely
I'll admit it if you just keep quiet, girl, I'm lonely
That shit ain’t my fault, girl cause I'm lonely

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Name another woman
Ain't no other woman that should comfort me when I’m lonely
Mixing Remy, little bit of Henny
I'm running on empty, I'm lonely
When I’m lonely, when I’m lonely

[Verse 2: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Heard you spent your summers in Miami
At somebody’s yacht, that you didn’t buy
You’re young, yeah, have fun, girl, but I hope it was worth it
Cause fuck it, I’m not here to judge
Fuck it, I’m not here to love everything you did to ball
Fuck it, I'm just glad you called
Ring ring ring, what a thing
Ring ring ring, school bell, I ring
You and I got options, bae

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
But name another woman
Ain't no other woman that should comfort me when I’m lonely
Mixing Remy, little bit of Henny
I'm running on empty, I'm lonely
When I’m lonely, when I’m lonely

[Outro: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
This shit ain’t my fault

[Intro: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Young nigga preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach

[Verse 1: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
I'm in Miami, I need to call up Miss Cassidy
My name is PARTY, not "Participation"
Sorry for the miscommunication
I need a drink and some tequila with you
You know what I'm tryna do
Hey, let's pop the E off at Liv
I've got some time here to blow
I've got the money to blow
I've got the money and blow
Don't have to guess how I know
Oh, it's a secret? Trust me, I'll keep it
You old niggas boring as bones
She put the PARTY tape on
You know what's going on, you know what's going on
She keep it wet like tsunami
She think she sunk the Titanic
I get her hot like wasabi
She think it's wavy and gnarly
I think I'ma pop one for you
Drink one for you

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR & Drake]
Young nigga, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach (Yeah), preach, preach

[Verse 2: Drake]
Still in Miami, most of these girls are too messy
I gotta do some reflecting
I gotta find me one out here that's good at taking direction
I am convinced that my calls are being recorded
So hit my assistant to get me the message
And make the connection like, "Brrp!"
I'm on that wave tonight, I hope you not the crazy type, yeah
I'm in your state tonight, I might just break the bank tonight, yeah
PND ain't with the ray-tay, you know Jay Wray
Got girls here, going way, way, way, way, way, way—
Sauga-city trip, the payday
Glo'd up off a Gateway, man, you can't afford me
Doing is one thing; doing it right is a whole different story
Niggas is all in they feelings these days, all in they feelings these days
But hearing a scripture with that many 6's, you should be afraid

[Chorus: PARTYNEXTDOOR & Drake]
Young nigga, preach (Preach)
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Young nigga, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach
Preach, preach, preach, preach

[Outro: PARTYNEXTDOOR & Ciara]
I'm preaching, oooh
Preaching, preaching, babe
Preaching, whooo
I'ma finally, finally
Yeah
Boy, you should know that
Your love is always on my mind
And I can't deny it
I want you, I'm on you

[Intro: RiFF RAFF & Drake]
Boys, now listen, we got more motherfuckin' TV screens
On the outside the damn tour bus than on that motherfucker
Boys playin' PlayStation
We come through motherfuckin' hang gliding
Off motherfuckin' Versace skyscrapers
I don't get it, what more can you ask for?
Yeah—sound, sound, sound
Yeah, real 6 side shit
Sickos, ah man

[Verse 1: Drake]
Yeah, when you get to where I'm at
You gotta remind 'em where the fuck you at
Every time they talkin', it's behind your back
Gotta learn to line 'em up and then attack
They gon' say your name on them airwaves
They gon' hit you up right after like it's only rap
Jewels look like I found a motherfuckin' treasure map
And ain't told no one where the fuck it's at
Shout out to the G's from the ends
We don't love no girls from the ends
I'm gon hit 'em with the wham once again
I'ma always end up as a man in the end, dog
It's just apparent every year
Only see the truth when I'm staring in the mirror
Lookin' at myself like, there it is there
Yeah, like there it is there man, whoo!
I ain't tryna chance it, I be with the bands
Like a nigga went to Jackson State or Grambling
Young Nick Cannon with the snare drum, dancin'
Watch the way I handle it, uh
Bring it to the bedroom, you know that shit is candle lit
She know I'm the man with it, uh
With the bands like I must've went to Clark, went to Hampton
I ain't playin' with it

[Chorus: Drake]
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to (What you say?)
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to (What you say?)
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to (What you say?)
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to, man

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
When you get to where the fuck I'm at
You gotta remind 'em about where you been
About all of the money that done came and went
About the two cents I ain't never spent
When they say you're too famous to pack a gat
I gotta remind 'em about where I'm from
Not about where I'm going, about where I've gone
Stepping on a Swisher roach like a stepping stone
Goin' at a nigga throat like a herringbone
Boy, do I smell beef? Mmmm, pheromones
Got a fuckin' halo over my devil horns
Trap pumpin' all night like Chevron
Suck a nigga dick for a iPhone 6
Fuck my nigga Terry for a new Blackberry
You can get buried for a ounce of Katy Perry
I was only five, but still remember the drought in '87
Lord, tell 'em bitches I ain't got no times to play games with 'em
I ain't got no time
Tell her that I love her and I hate her in the same sentence
I'm fuckin' her mind
I got, mind control over Deebo
Parmesan my panino
Promethazine over pinot
And when my bloods start shootin' that's B-roll, bitch

[Chorus: Drake & Lil Wayne]
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to (What you say?)
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to, yeah (What you say?)
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to (What you say?)
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to, man

[Outro: Drake & Lil Wayne, RiFF RAFF]
Yeah, they don't love you like they used to (What you say?)
In the city with the- windows down
Like I used to, yeah (What you say?)
Like I
Take some to getting used to (What you say?)
Man, they don't love you like they used to, man
And I'm so sorry
Let's just let bygones be bygones, okay?
Let's just go ahead and just let bygones be bygones
I pull up lookin' like a damn cyborg, weighin' 224
Oh man, these boys don't even understand
Listen when you see OVO Jodi pull up on the scene with Drake
For goodness sakes, well for goodness sakes
You see this mixtape you listenin' to? This an album
Yea, we could have, we could have sold it to you for 17.99
Or 29.99 with the shirt, buy it at the Target
These motherfuckers trippin' so hard I had to look down and double check cause I thought they had their shoes tied together—motherfuckers got they shoes tied together
What more could you ask for?
Boys harassing me with these questions
How about this? How about don't ask me no more motherfucking questions? We ain't doing no interview!

[Intro]
Rider shit

[Verse 1]
Having conversations with mama, man, my life is a mess
Ain't been returning the texts, so she been reading the press
She got Google Alerts, them shits go straight to her phone
She worry 'bout me from home, you know she raised me alone
She said, "I heard you back with you know who"
I told her, "girl, I'm always back with you know who," yeah
And she like, "Who are we kidding? You're 27, you're just being you
You're your father's child, man, thank God you got some me in you"
At least I always, at least I always see it through
At least I'm always being true to what you taught me
Retired teacher, but your words still got me evolvin'
Never get sloppy drunk, but alcohol is problem solvin'
And look I hate it when you hate on all my girlfriends
And assistants always convinced that there's someone better
Like that girl from your gym who trains you
I know you wanna arrange it, you told me she's free Thursday
And I'm sure that she's an angel, but she don't want this life
The timing ain't right
Maybe one day, but even one day with us is the time of her life
We do things that people pay to document
You got the sweetest heart
But I'm not here to give out compliments
Or boost nobody's confidence, momma
I got no friends in this, momma
I don't pretend with this, momma
I'on joke with this, momma
I pull the knife out my back and I cut they throat with it, momma
I'm Game of Thrones with it, momma
I'm Home Alone with it, momma
I'm t-
I really hate using this tone with you, momma
I really hate gettin' aggressive on this phone with you, momma
I really hate wasting your time to check a clone or two, momma
It's just they cloning me, momma
Them niggas wannabes, momma
Its like - I'm the one they wanna be, momma
I just- I- I can't be out here being vulnerable, momma
I mean I kill 'em every time they do a song with me, momma
I sing a hook they sing along with me, momma
What more they want  from me, momma?
Yeah, this is a crazy life
But you and the six raised me right
"Don't ever take advice," that was great advice

[Refrain]
You and the six raised me right, that shit saved my life

[Verse 2]
Yeah!
Having conversations with momma, we start talkin' 'bout dad
You know he dropping a single, he saying this is his window
That nigga still wearing linen, that nigga still in the club
Call him after we get off the phone and show him some love
That nigga Memphis for real, girl, he love you to death
He made mistakes throughout his life that he still doesn't accept
But he just want our forgiveness, and fuck it, look how we're living
I'm content with this story, who are we not to forgive him?
At least I been to a prison, at least I know what it's like
I used to rap on the phone with one of his friends doing life
And now I got me a Grammy, that could be part of the reason
Let's just call this shit even, we got some things to believe in
Do you remember back to Weston Road, Scarlett Road?
Hangin' with Aaron Bell and Reny
Shit could've gone south for me, he looked out for me, ma
He never let me do drugs
He let me shoot a gun one summer, but out there everyone does
He made me listen to his music, old music, soul music
Shit that can only be created if you go through it
I used to get teased for being black
And now I'm here and I'm not black enough
'Cause I'm not acting tough
Or making stories up 'bout where I'm actually from, yeah
But I just roll with it, momma, rolling stone with it, momma
Gotta be careful around Rolling Stone
Or anyone that's tryna throw stones at me, momma
I'm not condoning it, momma
They will not tear nothing down, I built this home for you, momma
Know I don't call enough, momma
I just been working with so little time for personal, momma, yeah
Hard labor let me pay the price

[Refrain]
You and the six raised me right, that shit saved my life

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Boomin out in South Gwinnett like Lou Will'
6 Man like Lou Will'
Two girls and they get along like I'm— (Lou)
Like I'm Lou Will', I just got the new deal
I am in the Matrix, and I just took the blue pill
No ho shit, no fuckin' ho shit, save that for your shit
I don't need no-fuckin'-body, I run my own shit
I told you, thought I told you, you didn't listen
Fieri, I'm in the kitchen, I'm a magician
I'm on it, I'm like MacGyver, I'm Michael Myers
I kill careers and cut the lights off, this shit is frightenin'
I knew it would end up like this, I'm fuckin' psychic
Young, but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift

[Chorus]
Yeah, work the night shift
Young, but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift
Work, work the night shift

[Verse 2]
Young, but I'm gettin' every single motherfuckin' thing I'm owed
You gotta know
I'm here to fuck with niggas' souls, my heart is cold
It's prolly 'cause I'm from the snow, with all my WOEs
I know they wanna see me go, I'm on a roll
I mean, I'm back on this again, I'm here again
You know the truth, let's not pretend, I'm not your friend
Not your guy, I'm not your buddy, show no love'
And I might go DeMarcus Cousins out in public
Man, I'm back on this again, I'm here again
I didn't do this fuckin' tape for CNN
I am not tryna win awards, that shit looked forced, it's nothin' like this
Young, but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift

[Chorus]
Yeah, work the night shift
Young, but I'm makin' millions to work the night shift
Work, work the night shift
(Lou)

[Outro]
If you were worried about where
I've been or who I saw or
What club I went to with the homies
Baby, don't worry, you know that you got me
I've never worried about where
I'm at or who I saw or
What club I go to with the homies
Baby, don't worry, I know that they got me (6ix)

[Intro: Ludacris]
Black by popular demand
Okay, Okay, Okay
Okay, Okay
You's a hoe
You's a hoe
These Ludaverses and You's a hoe

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Nothing to it but to do it
I'm all about that dumb shit
South Side College Park
Nigga you don't run shit
My janitors mop the floor
Be careful hoe
You're slippin' up
I heard them boys was deep
But we don't really give a fuck
See one of my niggas will fight two of yo niggas
And then a bunch you niggas is Gone drop
Got a bunch of gorillas ,with drug dealers and killers
None of these niggas is ever gonna stop
I had enough of this playing disrespect
It's time to let a nigga know
Dangled a nigga from the top of a balcony
Like Suge Knight
But I better let a nigga go
I'll teach you about some manners
I'll teach you about respect
I'll teach you about that gold chain
Hanging around your motherfuckin' neck
Check J's, watch, pinky ring
I ain't done
Pack up at all your shit
And head back where you came from
Nigga I ain't the one
So miss me with that bullshit
Internet thumb thuggers empty out a full click
Time after time
Like I'mma take it up after I wake up
But rhyme after rhyme, Ludacris spit a verse
And rappers just shake up
I'm all about my paper
I could give a damn about a hater later
So all my niggas from Decauter
Will make ya step up like Zeta Phi Beta
Ya'll really hurt my feelings
Ya'll really gots to chill
I cry and wipe my tears
With hundred dollar bills
Fuck ya'll I'm self-made
I hustle hard
I've been Trill
Couple of checks from that Hollywood
But I'm hungry with that pen still
Got hits way over ya'll head
Ya'll ball in that infield
Got 10 houses all paid for
Ya'll niggas pay rent still
How you feeling about that, bitchy ass nigga?

[Outro: Ludacris]
Ludaversal March 31st
Be afraid
Be very afraid

[HOOK]
Just got out of jail. Just went back in jail. (Burr!)
Just got out of jail. Just went back in jail. (Burr!)
Just got out of jail. Just went back in jail
I farted in the cell. They said “What's that smell?”
(Ugh)

[VERSE]
Gucci do the time ‘cause he do the crime
I'm sitting in the cell trying to past the time
Don't take too many baths but I smell fine
I spent too many nights in my cell crying
I get no visitation, I don't get no calls
I guess when I was tweeting, I pissed people off
I be in the cell doing jumping jacks
Tired of being fat, I want my six pack
Hip Hop Abs like i'm Shaun T
Make the inmates say “Ugh” like Master P
Gucci had to learn to make his own bed
Gucci tired of fighting over cornbread

[HOOK]

I remember they was hollering “Free Boosie”
I know everybody saying Free Gucci
I bought her ass shots, gave her free booty
When I get out its gone be a movie
Ugh!

[Chorus]
I hear it all the time
About it all
Why they talk?
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want
All that cake
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want

[Verse]
New bitch
Every week
She take it off
Bonus!
Hair long, tatted on her back
I get her a first class flight to where my show is
Smoke weed, don't smoke week
Catch contact, get drunk
Let me hit once, bitch come back
Ballin, can't even control it
Don't have to text, don't even call it
My name is on it
I fuck her good and make that Uber call 6 in the morning
I told her I don't need no pills, these Js I'm rolling
Feeling my car, feeling my chain
Ass looking soft, I'm feeling that thing
Ride with a nigga & I'll put you up all in some game
Why would you fuck with another nigga that’s something you should say
Came at the same time I mean both ways
We ain't even hardly know each other names
By now I'm on my 6th ring or something
By now I'm on my 200,010th plane or something
By now you could say I'm living like Rick James or something
Insane, cause it spit flames when I switch lanes I'm stuntin
Big bank, no loose change, I do things
Champagne me, L.A. me
Supper Club throwin’ dough, no ray me
Fifty deep in VIP, T.G.O.D
Your bitch remind me of this ink, she all on me
I'm gone, I'm rocking KK cologne
I think these bitches tryna fuck me so I'm takin' them home
Take what I do inside the day & put it straight in the song
I get a nug up out the pound and put it straight in the bong
Imma stay real, Imma stay high
Imma stay ready, Imma stay in her, a mistake
Count til my thumbs hurt, smoke til my lungs hurt
What another man say, I know my own worth
Handle business
With my real niggas, like a real nigga
And it's real business
All business, no hard feelings
All my dogs, got they all in it
Hard to get along with us
Call a kush Jean-Claude, god damn it kick strong
Rollie on my arm, fake niggas y'all really don't appear to a real nigga
808

[Chorus]
I hear it all the time
About it all
Why they talk?
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want
All that cake
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want
Don't even know what they want

[Outro]
Aye Young Khalifa Man!
I'mma get every last one of you niggas high as fuck!
Cause they don't even know what they want!

[Hook: Drake]
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Man that shit you talking raising my sodium
When I step to the podium
Like they bringing the trophy in
They like "Aww, there he go again"
I do what I got to do to ride up in that European
I knew back when I was playing Little League down at Bobian
That, that boy had that glow like he ran off with plutonium
Back when I had a crush on every girl on Nickelodeon
Man I knew I had to be in and out of Fallopian
Bank accounts at Wachovia
I can't be no custodian
Just imagine how the drama felt
Imagine how my momma felt
Swimming in the debt boy I was hungrier than ever
Ya this must be how piranhas felt
I had to put my G-Shock back on just to go remind myself
When we needed all kind of help
Back when we was all alone on our own
Now they on my phone brrrr Sean Don Corleone
Fuck every OG who passed up on my and put me on a song
Except for Ye so I'm forever repping foot up on the throne
You was popping back when I was wearing pow chains
Now you back at home, how mane?
Whole squad come together killing shit like the Power Rangers
I stay in tune and out of danger
Lady on the way Mercedes on the way
Album on the way
Rapping like I got a baby on the way
I'm like Baby with the pay
Pay me when? Today
Bitch it’s do or die, seven days a week and holidays
Ho ass bitch

[Hook: Drake]
I ain't felt the pressure in a little while
It's gonna take some getting used to
Floatin' all through the city with the windows down
Puttin' on like I used to
They never told me when you get the crown
It's gon' take some getting used to
New friends all in their old feelings now
They don't love you like they used to man

[Part I: Quest]

[Verse 1]
Tunnel vision on a guap stack
Malt liquor perspirating through the brown sack
Big talk looking thinner when it's combat
Swear that shit is astounding
I ain't stupid with cash either, I grew up around it
They overheard he shoot nice so they knew to surround him
Eating shit like he's Shoenice like the booth had a bounty
I'ma kill it, it's Early like a school night
I'm the realest that you know, my bruised soul
In the middle of group home in the locks
Threw the times I spent off in group homes in a box
I been grown boy
And cool coals you spitting just ain't hot, this fire and brimstone
You guys should've went home when you could've
Took the title, raising bars of what's supposed to be good up
His shirt drenched, they wet his rosary wood up
And who you 'posed to be, sugar
Don't get close to me
My heart cold like the fucking carrots in the grocery store
And in the morning no Folgers, just 'dro
I told my momma that I'm on my way home
I know my grandma watching over my soul
On some other shit...

[Part II: Power]

[Verse 2]
Spent nights off the downers at my desk
Did time in the tower off the spliffs
I'm not like the cowards on the fence
I'm not like I'm lounging on the bench
Get up out and get your shit
Find some power in yourself or in this shit
Listen, my niggas spit
All day give 'em what live niggas require
My state give up the prize cause I'ma find it
Anyway boy we riding
Trying to sneak the cake up out the motherfucking bakery quiet
Dodge and evade all the fire
Watch what you saying to sire
Stay out my face and my wallet
Move state to state for the profit
Said that on Sunday, you peeped it
A tiny list of my peoples
I see 'em all as my equal
So the difference between us is a just a pimp and a preacher
I'm running quick from my demons
I crush the spliff with my sneaker
You know the difference between us
These niggas fraud you could see it, all of them out of their feelings
I know my heart so I speak it
I love the squad so I lead it
Eyes wide open, I'm sleepy
I'm on the highway, I'm weaving in and out of my lanes
I call mom say, that I was all the power I needed
She say she glad I'm called she just can't believe it
I'm gone

[Intro: Quavo]
Got to make that move
Go to make that move
Got to make that move girl

[Chorus: Quavo]
I know you seeing all this money I got on me
I know you staying over there, I know you want me
If your team get my team, girl it’s on me
What you gone do, got to make your move
Make that move, make that move
Make your move, what you gone do
Make that move, make that move
Got to make your move, what you gone do

[Verse 1: Quavo]
Pull up in a McLaren, my diamonds are flaring, lil mama start staring
She looking at me and I’m looking at her and I like what she wearing
She made me want to run around, you just like an errand
No Halle Berry, no Jennifer Hudson, there ain’t no comparing
She walk around with that hair long to her booty crack
Girl you make me want to eat you up like a Scooby Snack
If you were playing basketball I’d hit your ass with that Shaq Attack
When I hit it from the back shawty act like a boomerang and she bring it back, boing-boing
Diamonds hit like Jackie Chan, chong-oing
I wanna take you home, wake up next to you in the morning
She popped a molly now all the sudden it snowing
She talk too much, annoying

[Chorus: Quavo]
I know you seeing all this money I got on me
I know you staying over there, I know you want me
If your team get my team, girl it’s on me
What you gone do, got to make your move
Make that move, make that move
Make your move, what you gone do
Make that move, make that move
Got to make your move, what you gone do

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Gave her 1000 dollars, cause the bitch so thick and she suck good dick
I don’t give a fuck about it, and I don’t miss shit and I don’t miss shit
Cause I be fucking balling, when I hit layin’ next, wanna have sex, fuck them niggas
Call me Gucci, you pay me 100 for a feature my nigga, Gucci gon come and get ya
Yea I'm the truth, Imma come and get you, but bring that money with you
You like graffiti, I don’t like fine art cause I’m a bigger picture
And matter fact, the way I ball, bitch I’m a motion picture
Your bitch got motion sickness cause we riding on 26s

[Chorus: Quavo]
I know you seeing all this money I got on me
I know you staying over there, I know you want me
If your team get my team, girl it’s on me
What you gone do, got to make your move
Make that move, make that move
Make your move, what you gone do
Make that move, make that move
Got to make your move, what you gone do

[Intro: DJ Buddha]
Fall in line season has officialy begun
So for everyone that got a lot of shit to say
Shut the fuck up and fall in line
It's DJ Noodles, DJ Buddha, and Pitbull
Congrats homie, I know you a free agent now
I think it's time we go in on them
Fix your face, Let's go

[Hook 1: Pitbull (DJ Noodles)]
Pit's loco: for no,no
But he always rolls with like 18 hoes
I'm tired of these boys with their raps
About jets, about coke, about crack, about smack
Little buddy here's the facts

When it comes to the ride, they there first to bitch
When they see them feds 'round they the first to snitch
When they get that money, they the first to snitch
And if you blow first aid, they the first to talk shit
Pit's loco: for no,no
But he always rolls with like 18 hoes
I'm tired of these boys with their raps
About jets, about coke, about crack, about smack
*DJ Noodles!*

Pit's loco: for no,no
But he always rolls with like 18 hoes
I'm tired of these boys with their raps
About jets, about coke, about crack, about smack
Little buddy here's the facts (fix your face)

When it comes to the ride, they there first to bitch
When they see them feds 'round they the first to snitch
When they get that money, they the first to snitch
And if you blow first aid, they the first to talk shit

[Verse 1: Pitbull]
I learned not to trust, not to care
Me I just breathe, and I'm taking they air
Me I don't talk, I don't have time to share
They can walk it out but they going nowhere
I see em like kids: I don't hit em, I spank em
They try to oversee me, me I'm overseas banking
They still in the hood with the coke and weed stinking
Do yourself a favor, don't get Abraham Lincoln
See them haters in the club asking what they drinking
Look them in the eye, you can tell what they thinking
They think that they Pit's cuz they got a ring on they pinky
And stretch a lil' coke like slinky, Please!

[Hook 2: Pitbull]
We about the cream, we about that bread, we about that cash
We about the cream, we about that bread, we about that cash
We about the cream, we about that bread, we about that cash
We about the cream, we about that bread, we about that cash

[Verse 2: Pitbull]
My nights are getting shorter, my nights are getting longer
I'm on the road, moving quietly, getting stronger
My prime game is, hard to describe
I can feel the Envy, I can feel the hate, I can feel your body
You can feel, that you feel, that I'm always something'
Yeah right, that when the things go to jumping in the cage
Used to ripping in that moss, word goes the pumping
Your boys rappin' say a whole lot of nothing
Im like that, to coke in water
When you'll think I dissolve, I come back harder
I add the nigga that made magic
When he threw the coke in the pot
So we call him Harry Potter
Time ain't, Estée Lauder
It ain't something you can make up, so wake up
Don't you little drug dealers got cookies to bake up
Only time you'll every cut a cake up
Is during you birthday, these chicos are hungry, these chicos are thirsty
But really it hurts man, in the worse way
To put sludge through people that I used to show love to

[Hook 2]

[Outro: Pitbull]
We about that!
It's the night of the show, your sketch is killin'
The audience is having the time of their lives
When suddenly, it hits you: a case of the giggles
And you know you just can't hold it inside

And that's when you break
Let the smile cover your face
And that's when you break
The audience is eating it up
And that's when you break

Sometimes a sketch just ain't workin'
You're giving it your all but it isn't enough
Your jokes are falling flat and your palms are all sweaty
But you know a trick to cover it up

And that's when you break
That's how you save the day
And that's when you break
Pretend like it was a mistake, Bill
And that's when you break (Fuck you, dude)
(Love you too!) (Aww!)
What you gonna do when a sketch ain't workin'?
What you gonna do when you gotta laugh?
What you gonna do when you're just too funny?
Feels so wrong to hold it back

Little known fact: Lorne loves it when you break
Oh yeah, he goes nuts for it
Lorne is the best

Lorne!
Who's that checking out the set in between commercials?
Lorne!
Who's hanging backstage nursing a glass of white vino?
Lorne! Lorne!
You know this dude is an American treasure
His legacy will last forever, Lorne
Lorne! Lorne! Lorne! Lorne! Lorne!

Now back to the breaks!
Here's one of Ferrell and Dratch
And here's one of Farley and Spade
And here's one of Fallon and Sanz
And here's another one of Fallon and Sanz
And here's another one of Fallon and Sanz
Now, moving on to one of Fallon and Sanz
And here's a classic one from Fallon and Sanz
But we never broke (Uh, actually, that's not true)
We didn't smile in every sketch (Wasn't that kind of our thing?)
We never undermined a piece (Every time, we did)
And we also made a movie that bombed (Why would you bring that up?)

But those are the breaks (Okay, I get it, I'm gonna start singing again)
Check out these classic breaks
They remind us of the people we love
And the wonderful times we shared
You're simply the best! (That's what it is!)
(I knew I recognized you)

[Produced by: The Alchemist]

[Intro]
Don't hurt me again
Uh, don't hurt me again
Don't hurt me again
Don't hurt me again
Don't hurt me again, baby
Nah

[Verse]
What up, love? I need a hug cause drugs be takin' over
Shorty couldn't take it no more, she went loca
No stranger to a rum and soda
I met the ho while she was slumped over
Shit, I've been good, though, I can't complain
I could probably cop a half a plane
Drinking juice just like Jack LaLanne now
I'mma strike it rich any day now
Uh, you know I gotta get a plate now
Virtuoso on a keyboard
I rep the eastern seaboard, jeez Lord
Please leave the Z3 keys before you leave
Don't sneeze on my shit, cause for shiz I'mma flip ya
Pedicured foot slide in the slipper
Tryna do the remix with Pitbull
Tell the pilot land at Schiphol
Play the violin with dimples
Life's ironic and it's simple
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
First time I whacked off was a Penthouse
Roses in the bath at the penthouse
Billy Joel at the garden
Should I get a skybox or an '89 IROC?
It's always poppin' at the IHOP
Choke a pussy with his tie knot, it's my block
Chuck Knoblauch, spicy coconut curry from the Thai spot
I'm in a hurry, dumb jewelry
The verdict read from a hung jury
The doctor said that I was hung early
Skull curly, Larry, and Moe, I'll marry a ho
Only if the bitch look like Mari' Monroe
Twisted off the Jenkem, watching Iron Chef
The secret ingredient was lion's neck
Royal Blue-Cyber Tech
I ride solo like a fighter jet
Hurt me again

[Hook]
No, don't hurt me again
Please, don't hurt me again
No, don't hurt me again
There's no hit records on a demo
There's no hit records on a demo
No, don't hurt me again
There's no hit records on a demo
There's no hit records on a demo
Catch me hoppin' out the limo
Catch me hoppin' out the limo

[Outro]
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
Uh, what you payin'?
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
Smoke good, fuck, eat, drink
Drive nice car, wear all green mink
What you think

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Girl, you know we got the time
Got that pussy on my mind, later on, what are we doing?
I know you're ready, show that ass
Girl, you looking so bad, getting horny watching you do it
Girl, I wanna kiss it
While you kissing your girlfriends
I wanna see a whole lot of licking, that's a memory
Yeah, bet I make that pussy remember me (Ha, look)

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
I be bangin' all on that beat
808, she got the bass when her booty shake
She got her friends with her and they a sight to see
A-A-All that ass, don't let it go to waste
All this Hennessy, this liquor, 'bout to penetrate
While I'm pushin' Lamborghini's on the interstate
I long-dick her, I'ma go for hours
You minute-made like lemonade
I'm fresh as fuck in these Margielas
I skate past, a nigga better than veterans
Bipolar cold, give me the medicine
My chain too bright, no Thomas Edison
When I pull it out, bitch nervous
Better ride this wave, bitch, surf it
Girl, you better keep them legs open
Only thing you close is these curtains
And she only got time for a nigga if I take her out to eat
A nigga really gotta motivate
Man, that's too much work for the pussy
I don't work for the pussy, nigga really don't communicate
Ha, I'd rather lick it like a dinner plate
I'd rather keep my money in a safe
Ha, bitch, I ain't got time to play
I need it now, not a minute late, ha

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Girl, you know we got the time
Got that pussy on my mind, later on, what are we doing?
I know you're ready, show that ass
Girl, you looking so bad, getting horny watching you do it (Oh, babe)
Girl, I wanna kiss it (Yeah, yeah)
While you kissing your girlfriends
I wanna see a whole lot of licking, that's a memory
Yeah, bet I make that pussy remember me

[Verse 2: Tyga]
Bow your head to a king, nigga
Dreams house, my dreams bigger
Got a deck of cards if my heart switch up
Ace of Spades, her eyes lit up
Diamonds glitter in my car, thriller
She pray for me, that's God willin'
I'm hard to break, my bars prison
Her new name, Ass-Zilla
She love a nigga and that pussy tight
Come through, fuck you all night
Some foreplay, that's all right
But she'd rather do number 69
High notes, it's prime time
On a couch, hit it from behind
Hit you with that large stroke
Now she fiendin' for that good dope, yeah
Ha, that's my bae, she cook and clean, I got it made
Handcuff like she a slave
Touch ya, let your tongue taste
So high, no ceilin' space
Numb to it, can't feel her face
Yeah, she numb to it, can't feel her face

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
Girl, you know we (Yeah)
Girl, you know we got the time
Got that pussy on my mind, later on, what are we doing? (I know)
I know you're ready, show that ass
Girl, you looking so bad, getting horny watching you do it
Girl, I wanna kiss it (I wanna kiss it right there)
While you kissing your girlfriends (Oh-whoa)
I wanna see a whole lot of licking, that's a memory (I bet I—)
Yeah, bet I make that pussy remember me

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Blowin' up the line on my cellular
She wanna lock a nigga down on the regular
Talkin' crazy to me like she own the dick
But I don't trust her as far as I can throw the bitch, ha
Momma told me to find a keeper
But I switch like designer sneakers
A girl with the finest features
Every nigga wanna talk to her but I got her first, finders keepers
Violins in the back is my theme music
Her ass on my mind, I dream booty
Any nigga tryna fuck my bitch
Then it's off with his head, how kings do it
My rings ruby
Red bandana, I stay woopin'
Got too many cribs, I stay movin'
Three Lambos, I stay coupin'
Ha, but you don't hear me though
Virginia to the Westside
Car foreign, the girl sit on the left side
Smokin' weed on the plane, that's the best high
She gotta sign the waiver 'fore I let her fly
Helipad on the boat
Chillin' in the South of France, Saint-Tropez, Nice, Monaco
But nothin' compare to what's in my pants
Girl, stop playin'

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
Oh-oh, babe
Girl, you know we got the time (We go the time, so later on, what are we doing?)
Got that pussy on my mind, later on, what are we doing? (Oh-oh)
I know you're ready, show that ass (Getting horny, babe)
Girl, you looking so bad, getting horny watching you do it
Girl, I wanna kiss it (I wanna lick, lick, lick right there, right there)
While you kissing your girlfriends (Baby)
I wanna see a whole lot of licking, that's a memory (Whole lot)
Yeah, bet I make that pussy remember me

[Intro: Esty]
Oh, why?
Ooh, woo, why?
Ooh, woo, why?

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Girl, just come home with me
You in the passenger side when I'm drivin'
Girl, you kissin' all on me
Lickin' my neck when my hand's on your thigh
And I'm makin' that pussy leak
Knowin' just what you want
'Cause you ain't had dick in a week
And I know that you a freak, oh girl

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown & Fat Trel]
Girl, I know you're down for playin'
I know you're listenin' to what I'm sayin'
Your body done started up this conversation
We should really take this inside, when I'm inside
Girl, let's get it
(Let's get it, let's get it, let's get it)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
We party all night, then you leave in the mornin'
Girl, when you ride it, act like you performin'
You a bad mothafucka, you the shit right now
Play your position, we switchin' positions, lights out (Ayy)

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Girl, I'm 'bout to lay the sheets down and I'ma eat it on the floor
You'll see what you mean to me, but first I need you on all fours
Now ass up, face down, when we're lovin'
Slow motion, in and out
Girl, when you rain, I'ma break you off
Really need to take them panties off
Your body on my body, drippin' wet, baby
Lickin' on it got my dick way too hard
Girl, I'm just in it explorin'
I got the camera recordin'
Makin' that pussy too sore
Then you get it again in the mornin' (Ha)

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown & Fat Trel]
Girl, I know you're down for playin' (Ooh, yeah)
I know you're listenin' to what I'm sayin' (What I'm saying, girl)
Your body done started up this conversation (Oh, no, no, no, no)
We should really take this inside (Inside), when I'm inside
Girl, let's get it
(Let's get it, let's get it, let's get it)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
We party all night, then you leave in the mornin' (Oh-oh-oh)
Girl, when you ride it, act like you performin' (Yeah, girl)
You a bad mothafucka, you the shit right now (Oh, baby)
Play your position, we switchin' positions, lights out (Yeah, ayy)

[Verse 3: Tyga & Fat Trel]
Drop funds on some new shit right now
I ain't talkin' yesterday, I mean right now
New Audemars for you and it's iced out
Lingerie on, got you all wified down
Where you wanna be right now? (Right now)
Ride it on top, now you all on my top
What you wanna be right now? (Right now)
Got you all in my palms and that ass is the bomb
Uh, versatile, got your Versace on
Fur on the couch, lips soft, fresh out the shower
25th Hour, eat it like you at Philippe Chow
Uh, lick it down, yeah, use your mouth
Light up a blunt and we're zoned 'til the mornin'
Yeah, back to the sex and performin'
This time I'ma make sure it's recordin' (Ayy)
When I take you down, down

[Verse 4: Fat Trel]
I said call me on the phone and she opened up the door
I be skippin' all the kissin', get to hittin' it on the floor (Get it)
Take it to the kitchen, so many different positions (Bitch)
Fuck her real slow, she talkin', I like to listen (Get it)
On the roll with it, she don't like to pay attention
All this money on my mind but the pussy what I'm missin' (Missin')
Skip the penitentiary, I'm left wrist whippin' (Whip)
Sneakin', we freakin', no sleep on the weekend
But I just wanna hit it by the lake
From the back, from the front while I'm grippin' on her face (On her face)
I just wanna give her what you can't
Fly her all around the world, poppin' bottles of the Ace (Bottles of the Ace)
I just wanna take her to the bank
Shoppin' trip, what you get? DC, LA (LA)
I should let her meet CB, he a freak
She could give my young nigga what he needs, let's get it
(Let's get it, let's get it, let's get it, let's get it)

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown & Fat Trel]
Girl, I know you're down for playin'
I know you're listenin' to what I'm sayin'
Your body done started up this conversation
We should really take this inside, when I'm inside
Girl, let's get it
(Let's get it, let's get it, let's get it)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
We party all night, then you leave in the mornin'
Girl, when you ride it, act like you performin'
You a bad mothafucka, you the shit right now
Play your position, we switchin' positions, lights out (Ayy)

[Outro: Chris Brown]
You a bad mothafucka, you the shit right now
Play your position, we switchin' positions, lights out (Ayy)

[Intro: Tyga]
Drumma Boy
Yeah
Niggas won't ride for you, niggas won't die for you
Bitch, I'll ride for you, niggas won't die for you
Fuckin' in the morn'
Makin' love, fuckin' in the mornin'
Uh, wakin' up, fuckin' in the mornin'
Niggas won't ride for you, yeah

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm 'bout to get up on that ass right now
Just love me, love me down, now
And you a smoker, I'ma roll up, you blow it down
One more, oh, oh, girl, you loud
I'm 'bout to get up on that ass right now
Just love me, love me down, now
And you a smoker, I'ma roll up, you blow it down
One more, oh, oh, girl, you loud

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Yeah, I put that diamond in you, boo
Put on your favorite birthday suit
I hit them lights, we in the mood
I'ma slide inside and don't you move
Scorpio, sex drive for two
Who else you know would die for you?
Them niggas ain't livin' that shit
I showed you shit them niggas won't ever do
This year I do my thing
'Bout to put that Def to shame
So high, eyes low
How you scream my name, the only time you use in vain
But I swear this time no foreplay and games
Shoot it straight to your naval ring
Put it back in, go again ('gain)
Lookin' at this mess we made, but I can't take the blame

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
Oh, babe, yeah
This your bed, you lay in it
No-oh-oh
I'ma lick it up, girl, you gon' play with it
All night
Taste so good, I put my face in it
Now she runnin' from the dick, I told her stay with it

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
I'm 'bout to get up on that ass right now (Yeah, yeah)
Just love me, love me down, now (Down)
And you a smoker, I'ma roll up, you blow it down
One more, oh, oh, girl, you loud
I'm 'bout to get up on that ass right now
Just love me, love me down, now
And you a smoker, I'ma roll up, you blow it down
One more, oh, oh, girl, you loud

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
There you are steppin' on my heart
You're so cold right now and you tryna lay me down
But I'm not scared of death, girl
If I die, my love ain't gon' change
'Cause we in deep, hold your breath, girl
Baby, I'm in so deep, and you just wanna be loud all night, girl

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
Oh, babe, yeah
This your bed, you lay in it
No-oh-oh
I'ma lick it up, girl, you gon' play with it
All night
Taste so good, I put my face in it
Now she runnin' from the dick, I told her stay with it

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
I'm 'bout to get up on that ass right now (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Just love me, love me down, now (Down, down)
And you a smoker, I'ma roll up, you blow it down
One more, oh, oh, girl, you loud
I'm 'bout to get up on that ass right now (Oh, oh)
Just love me, love me down, now (Oh, down)
And you a smoker (Oh), I'ma roll up, you blow it down (Oh)
One more, oh, oh, girl, you loud

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Yeah, I love women and power
We used to sit and talk for hours on the balcony
My condo, play your favorite Sade (Sade)
No love lost, just the perfect soulmate, that's all
It's my fault, caught in a rupture
Should've been you I was touchin', I knew it wasn't
My ego, I was buzzin' but not like how you wanted (Wanted)
Too busy tryna flaunt it, like I just bought it (Bought it)
You know them bitches 'round you can't hold water
This s'posed to be our moment
These pills set it (Set in), I'm feelin' better (Better)
Called you to tell you I love you
But you busy with some other shit, I'm guessin'
No texts, no proof, no voice messages ('ages)
How we become enemies so effortless? ('less)
Or was I blind while you was naked?
Or high when you was level?
Know time is of the essence
No lie, I live and regret it (Regret it)
Decisions I made, embedded in my mind
Hate to admit it (Admit it), but I gotta say it one time (One time)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Should've treated you right (Damn)
But every night I was livin' life in the fast lane
I should've put my focus on you
In the club every night
I just get it wrong when you do right
And I keep just fillin' your head with the lies
Oh baby, this shit comes with a price
A nigga should've loved you better
Oh-oh, oh-oh
Coulda did you right
A nigga should've loved you better
Now you're outta sight, still on my mind
Oh baby
A nigga should've loved you better
Shoulda took the time, gave you all my time
Oh-whoa
Now you're outta sight, still on my mind
Oh baby
A nigga should've loved you

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
What happened to me, babe?
This ain't who you fell in love with
You say you need space
Don't do this
Just look at me, one more time
I know I fucked up but I'm tryin' to please you
I'ma give you all
And your heartache and pain's gonna stop
Baby, right here
Don't walk away
There is no one left to call
Don't wanna be alone when you disappear
I know I hurt you more than three times (I'm sorry)
Now you need me time (No, oh)
The fuck I'm s'posed to do in the meantime? (Then she)
Then she told me, "Figure it out"

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Should've treated you right
But every night I was livin' life in the fast lane
I should've put my focus on you
In the club every night
I just get it wrong when you do right
And I keep just fillin' your head with the lies
Oh baby, this shit comes with a price
A nigga should've loved you better
Should've did you right
Oh-oh, oh-oh
Coulda did you right
A nigga should've loved you better
Now you're outta sight, still on my mind
Oh baby
A nigga should've loved you better
Shoulda took the time, gave you all my time
Oh-whoa
Now you're outta sight, still on my mind
Oh baby
A nigga should've loved you

[Outro: Chris Brown]
A nigga should've loved you
A nigga should've loved you

[Intro: Tyga]
This my shit
This your shit, yeah

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Baby, tell me if you're ready, ready for the real thing
You got 'em lined up and runnin' block, but you need a real man
And if I get the chance I'ma ask you when's the last time you've been satisfied
Give me a chance, I'ma show you that I ain't even like them other guys
I'ma wait a bit before I try to kiss it
I do it different than them others guys, I know they be trippin'
I know what you want, so let's get right out of here
Let's go, baby, I'm countin' all my blessings tonight (Yeah)

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
You saying all the right shit (Yeah)
Ooh, girl, I like it (I like it)
I'm gonna make this night romantic (Oh)
I'm gonna love you, baby (I got)
And I know what you've been dreaming about (I know)
Gonna take advantage of you, it's your shit
Oh, the way you put it on me
It's your shit (I like it), it's your shit
Ooh, baby
Wanna take advantage of you (Yeah)
It's your shit (Ha!)

[Verse 2: Tyga]
Sex on the dresser, legs on the leather
Do it so good, might let you rub my necklace
We fuckin' to record just for the record
Nickname Alexis but you don't push a Lexus
V.I. no ordinary shit
Southern part of Euro, spendin' Euros at the camp
Checks waitin' when I land, that's money in advance
Benjamin talk, frankly you don't understand me
My repertoire upper echelon
You should tag along, get your girls involved
What we doin' here is bigger than your bras
Bruh, fuck you hard
I'm a midnight star, David, son of God
When you see the headlights like a fallin' star
Yacht no barge, lookin' like DeBarge
Got a hater so blue like Marge, haha

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Wale]
You saying all the right shit (Yeah, yeah)
Ooh, girl, I like it (Yeah, keep talkin' that shit, babe, haha)
I'm gonna make this night romantic (I love it, oh)
I'm gonna love you, baby (Yeah, I got)
And I know what you've been dreaming about (You dream about me)
Gonna take advantage of you, it's your shit
Oh, the way you put it on me
It's your shit (I love that shit), it's your shit
Ooh, baby
Wanna take advantage of you
It's your shit

[Verse 3: Wale]
Ayy, it's yo' shit, yo, it's yo' shit, yo
I dope dick her, leave her bow-legged
I'm dope, yes, I know this
The word is my third leg, a bowflex, haha
Time to have sex, yeah
Climb inside her 'gina as I'm in my stretch
I'm dippin' in the 362 with the 57
Soon as she get up in it, she pull the flip on the zipper
I'm different with it (Yes), I can tickle your kidney with it
Miss me with trash, don't kick it with kitty litter (Haha)
You seein' me with CB, the DMV of course (Yeah)
Hit the streets, guarantee the women be abroad (Yeah)
Every Blue Moon (Moon), that's EBM for short
Love the bling and the ring, look like Billie Jean, boy (Ooh-ooh)
Ow! This that Mike Jack' flow
I'ma bite that, spike that, you like now, ghost (Go)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
You saying all the right shit (Yeah)
Ooh, girl, I like it
I'm gonna make this night romantic (Oh)
I'm gonna love you, baby (I got)
And I know what you've been dreaming about
Gonna take advantage of you, it's your shit
Oh, the way you put it on me
It's your shit, it's your shit
Ooh, baby
Wanna take advantage of you
It's your shit

[Intro: Tyga & YG]
Hol' up
(Mustard on the beat, ho)
Ha!

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Woo)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Woo)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Yeah)
And all the hoes in the party hit the dance floor (Ha!)

[Verse 1: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Pull up, nigga creepin'
Colder than a motherfucker, guess it's ho season (Bitch!)
Shawty got that ass, baby girl, it's nice to meet you (Yeah)
With these lights off, give a fuck about your features, I'm tryna fuck (Ha)
If it's one on one, gimme that ISO (Woo)
But if it's two of y'all, I'ma let the dice roll
It's the weekend, I can tell you be freakin'
'Cause you poppin' Miley Cyrus and you twerkin' with your eyes closed (Ha)
Go figure, skinny nigga with a suit on
(Ha, ha, ha, ha)
Bunch of bad bitches, yeah, they like me, nigga, who don't?
Drop top, everythin', we party like the roof gone
A nigga got a problem, blaka-blaka, then we move on (Brap!)
Tell 'em hold that, if you lookin' for liquor, better lick up
My liquor Zing and you know that
Bitches lookin' for a sponsorship, cha-ching
'Cause I sponsor shit, bitch, I throw racks (Racks!)
Fucked up, got me dancin' on the floor
Tryna dance in that pussy, tell me when to go, huh
I'm tore up, feelin' like I'm 'bout to throw up
One night with me, this bitch about to blow up

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Right)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Right)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
And all the hoes in the party hit the dance floor (Man, don't)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Haha)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
And all the hoes in the party hit the dance floor (Ha!)

[Verse 2: Tyga]
Ain't shit but model bitches over here
I'm a nigga with money, bitch, let's make that clear
You hear with a elf ear, hoes in stock over here
And the price goin' up by the year
It's a good year, baby, on my blimp shit
You too defensive and sensitive, that's on some mental shit
No sense in lingerin', can't count on you niggas, man
Only count Benjamins, yeah, he my closest friend (Bitch)
My wrist's a risk, ice the bitch
Like it's sprained and shit
I'm the nigga, nigga, yes, he is
The flyest with three yeseses
I take that pussy and ransom it, Mel Gibson that
When I hit the block, better have your banger (Blaow!)
That's my babe, she don't talk to strangers (Nope!)
She fold it closed, we ain't gon' ever hang
Beat the box like manana-bing (Ha), manana-bang-bang-bang

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Right, woo)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Right, yeah)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
And all the hoes in the party hit the dance floor (Man, don't)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Haha)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
And all the hoes in the party hit the dance floor

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
She was bomb but she wanted me to pay for it
Alley-oop, bitch, you know a nigga play whores
I play with pussy, girl, you know that I'm a playboy
Clap, clap, clap then she make that booty make noise (Bitch)
Man, she make that ass wobble like a monster
Twerk somethin', hurt somethin', damn, I'ma need a doctor
A bitch with some real hair straight up out the projects
And she turn her phone off from all them niggas she be dodgin'
She ain't loyal, I bought her head
She don't give a fuck about nothin' but her bread
But when I dance in that pussy, do the runnin' man
While all these other niggas fuckin' with Juwanna Mann
I'm throwin' all of this money and I'm advancin' these strippers
I got my hand on the pussy, she got her hand on my zipper
She started goin' to work, my shit got hard as a missile
Then she said she had a twin, I started fuckin' her sister

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Right)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Right)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
And all the hoes in the party hit the dance floor (Man, don't)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo (Haha)
Man, don't play with the pussy like a banjo
And all the hoes in the party hit the dance floor

[Intro: Chris Brown]
Yeah, 500
You see

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Huh, now usually I don't do this
But a nigga wanna trip, so I'ma take a nigga bitch
Yeah, got 200 on the dash
A couple hundreds in my pocket but my credit card rich
Huh, every night is somethin' different
I started poppin' pills with no prescription
24/7 on a mission
I'm the man with these bitches, if you watchin', pay attention
You shoulda left her in the kitchen
Now she cookin' up my mama favorite dishes
She used to kiss it for you, now she swallow me
Now she missin', got your nigga reminiscin'
Why you textin'? She complainin', you be stressin'
With your weak ass cuffin', said she feel like she arrested
I told her, "Do better," said she's open for suggestions
I said, "Come over to the crib and put your panties on my dresser"
And I don't really care
I know shit gon' hit the fan like a booty in the air
I'm with her, fuckin' up the sheets now
If your nigga bring his ass over here, he gettin' beat down
Pause, nigga, don't act like we boys
I bought a strap from a D-boy, my trap house got three floors
Better not fuck around with me, boy
That bullet wound gon' keloid, why you mad, nigga?

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Got your girl goin' up (Goin' up)
Goin' up right now (Right now)
She be rockin' diamonds, fuckin' with designer (Yeah)
Red bottoms up right now (Right now)
Got a nigga mad 'cause she seen your bitch chose up, not you
Made her life brand new
And she actin' brand new (Brand new, nigga, yeah)
Your girl goin' up, she goin' up right now (Ha! Right now)

[Verse 2: Tyga & Chris Brown]
Pussy open, yours two doors (Woo)
Legs up like Aventador (Hmm)
Raw nigga, ha, to the core (Ha)
Money long, boy, broke niggas gon' snore
And I'm fresh out the store
I just bought it 'cause I'm bored
All up on the news in my new girl couture (Yeah)
They don't sell that at Nordstroms, imported, important
Tax out the border, the cash flow enormous
Dubai and endorsements, sources and foursomes
(Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha)
Got a bad bitch, so she tourin', I got money on my lap (Woo)
Pistol on my back (Yeah), steaks on my tab
Fuck you know about that? 500 hundred on the Lamb', yeah
Goin' up, yeah, I'm pourin' up
Uh, she took too much, now she throwin' up (Ah)
Came out the top and I'm blazin' (Huh!)
Worldwide, nigga, it's amazin'

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
Got your girl goin' up (Ah! Goin' up)
Goin' up right now (Woo, right now, yeah)
She be rockin' diamonds, fuckin' with designer (Yeah)
Red bottoms up right now (Right now)
Got a nigga mad 'cause she seen your bitch chose up, not you
Made her life brand new
And she actin' brand new (Brand new, nigga)
Your girl goin' up, she goin' up right now (Right now)

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Screamin' loud, they gon' call the popos on us
She puttin' shit up her nose, she in love with the coco
Dámelo, that ass goin' loco
And I ain't gon' interrupt her dancin'
'Cause she turnin' up right now
Do your thing, we gon' party all night long, baby
I'ma do what he won't do
I bet he won't sing to you (Sing to you)
He don't even got a ring for you (No), I got you, girl
I'ma make you hit them notes, oh-oh, oh-oh
When I'm in and out, baby, don't let go
Hey, yeah, yeah

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Got your girl goin' up (Goin' up)
Goin' up right now (Right now)
She be rockin' diamonds, fuckin' with designer (Oh-whoa, yeah)
Red bottoms up right now (Right now)
Got a nigga mad 'cause she seen your bitch chose up, not you
Made her life brand new
And she actin' brand new (Brand new, nigga)
Your girl goin' up, she goin' up right now (Right now)

[Outro: Chris Brown]
500

[Intro: Chris Brown]
Where my real bitches at?
One hunnid
Keep that shit one hunnid
One hunnid

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Yeah, my bitch she bunkin' (Bunkin')
She went from nothin', now she somethin'
My bitch bunkin' (Bunkin')
She only clap that ass for me
My bitch bunkin' (My bitch bunkin')
I taught her how to whip a ki'
Now my trap jumpin' (Yeah, yeah)
She bring that dough to me how I want it (How I want it)
In fifties, hundreds, all that (All that)
Money is money, my nigga, even small stacks (It's real)
We on right now, so you may have to wait, my nigga (Wait, my nigga)
I throw that cash in the air, this shit feel great, my nigga (It feel great, my nigga)

[Interlude: Jay 305]
I don't know if you know how it feel to ride down Sunset watchin' the sunset (Damn, bitch)
California, Los Angeles, nigga (That ain't your problem though)
What's happenin' though? Look

[Verse 1: Jay 305, with Chris Brown]
My bitch grind (My bitch grind)
My boo now know I'm thuggin', from the slums (I'm from the slums)
She know I'm in the streets, she hold my guns (She hold my uh)
Ain't seen my P.O. in weeks, fuckin' months (Fuckin' months)
Told her hold my spot, I'm on the run (Skrrt)
I got my motherfuckin' Js on, finna hit Arkansas
Get these Oxy's off
Come back to L.A., fight my case
Where I'm from it's bang or ball
Fuckin' bitches like yo' misses
Flip 'em like a case of rum (Yeah)
Back to to business, flippin' digits (Yeah, yeah)
Splittin' switches with my niggas (Yeah, yeah)
Came from nothin', from nothin' to somethin' (Yeah, yeah)
Know my struggle, my momma know I'm thuggin' (Uh, uh)
Comin' out the county jail, smell like bubbly
Yo' momma love it
Got your main bitch on my side on time, nigga

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
My bitch she bunkin' (Bunkin')
She went from nothin', now she somethin'
My bitch bunkin' (Bunkin')
She only clap that ass for me
My bitch bunkin' (My bitch bunkin')
I taught her how to whip a ki'
Now my trap jumpin' (Yeah, yeah)
She bring that dough to me how I want it (How I want it)
In fifties, hundreds, all that (All that)
Money is money, my nigga, even small stacks (It's real)
We on right now, so you may have to wait, my nigga (Wait, my nigga)
I throw that cash in the air, this shit feel great, my nigga (It feel great, my nigga)

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Hey hey, now don't it feel great
When you ride through the hood where you known as Bill Gates? (I'm known as Bill Gates)
Yeah, with a super bad bitch in a drop Lamborghini
Make a homegirl hate
Just a trap nigga known to have a quarter-mill a day
Nigga, proof that sellin' drugs on the corner still pay
I make a hundred Gs, spend 40 on ki's
Put the rest away just in case I caught a real case (What?)
Yeah, and I ain't gon' stop
Teachin' you the shit that you ain't know 'bout
On my side when I rhyme, think it ain't no Glock
Stop cuffin' that bitch like she ain't no thot
Hey, racks on that ass, think it ain't gon' drop?
Even if not, but the brain on fire (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
Nigga, 14 years I remain on fire
Men do, women too but the game don't lie
Hey, still up to the same old shit (Yep)
Bang on a pussy, nigga, they ain't no shit
Stop playin' with it pussy you know you don't want this
Shut the fuck down or your ass gon' get it, uh
In public, it's nothin'
I'm right back in my bunkin'
Ain't what you do, it's how you does it
And we does it, cousin

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
My bitch she bunkin' (Bunkin')
She went from nothin', now she somethin'
My bitch bunkin' (Bunkin')
She only clap that ass for me
My bitch bunkin' (My bitch bunkin')
I taught her how to whip a ki'
Now my trap jumpin' (Yeah, yeah)
She bring that dough to me how I want it (How I want it)
In fifties, hundreds, all that (All that)
Money is money, my nigga, even small stacks (It's real)
We on right now, so you may have to wait, my nigga (Wait, my nigga)
I throw that cash in the air, this shit feel great, my nigga (It feel great, my nigga)

[Verse 3: Tyga]
Ah, make me harder, miss your daughter
She just wanna lay and party
Be my naughty girl in college
Fuck you all the time, I'm tired
Wake up on it, it's that
Early mornin', tap that wet wet (Woo)
You know a nigga love breakfast, I'ma bite that (Ha)
Got money in the mattress where I hide it at (Yeah)
She countin' all of that (Yeah), fuck all of them niggas
They don't know what to do with all that
As a matter fact, get on my lap
(Boaw, boaw, boaw, boaw)
Put you on the map take you out the trap
From a condo to a larger state
Got double gates
If I catch a case would you wait on me and build me up again?
If so

[Verse 4: Chris Brown & Tyga]
Yeah, my niggas thuggin' (Woo, yeah)
Poppin' rubber bands, money in my hands (Ha)
Double cup it with the Sprite, mix it with Xans (Yeah!)
We some zombies here tonight
Slow motion, your bitch choosin'
She say, "Don't they call you Breezy?" I told that bitch, "I'm coolin" (I'm coolin'!)
With a hunnid million dollars, got a hunnid on my chain
She got a million dollar body with a hunnid dollar brain (Yeah!)
Girl, your booty like a pumpkin (Like a pumpkin)
And my bitch, she be bunkin' (Yeah, yeah)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
My bitch she bunkin' (Bunkin')
She went from nothin', now she somethin'
My bitch bunkin' (Bunkin')
She only clap that ass for me
My bitch bunkin' (My bitch bunkin')
I taught her how to whip a ki'
Now my trap jumpin' (Yeah, yeah)
She bring that dough to me how I want it (Ooh-ooh, how I want it)
In fifties, hundreds, all that (All that, all that, all that)
Money is money, my nigga, even small stacks (It's real)
We on right now, so you may have to wait, my nigga (Wait, my nigga)
I throw that cash in the air, this shit feel great, my nigga (It feel great, my nigga)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
It's 'bout to go down, oh yeah
Baby, you're gonna get your wish tonight
Lay it down, right here
Scream my name, baby, I love you
Girl, wherever you are
I'll be right by your side tonight
And if you're wearing panties, take 'em off, babe (Okay, haha)
I'ma do you wrong in the right way (Look, alright)

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Now I'ma do you wrong in the right way
Fuckin' with the lights on, know you had a long day
Hold your nigga down, girl, I fuck with you the long way
Pull up to your college, then I fuck you in the hallway
Real nigga, all day, you know I don't fuck with fakes
Said she on her period, she told me just to fuck her face
Real bitch, trill bitch, someone I can deal with
Feds try to run up in my crib, she hit the kill switch
She would never let me down, only wanna lift me up
When I got locked down in county, she was there to pick me up
Mind her business, know wussup, purple Sprite, she pour it up
Even bought a pound for a nigga, 'bout to roll it up
If the lights off in the club, niggas still gon' notice her
Gave my bitch my Lamborghini, nigga, get your motor up
When I get that ass in my bed, I'ma bust her head open
Third leg strokin', got the whole bed soakin', ha

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
It's 'bout to go down, oh yeah
Baby, you're gonna get your wish tonight
Lay it down, right here
Scream my name, baby, I love you
Girl, wherever you are
I'll be right by your side tonight (Yeah)
And if you're wearing panties, take 'em off, babe (Okay)
I'ma do you wrong in the right way

[Verse 2: Tyga]
Uh, you got that work (Ha), that pussy purr (Ha)
That Lambo' driver, she ride it, for sure
My chauffeur know wussup, it's yours, I mean hers, she can concur
Baddest thing on this Earth (Yeah), let me take my time
I'ma lick it first (Yeah), I'ma make it hurt, put it in the dirt
Mmm, ha, that's some crazy ass shit for you (Ah! Yeah)
And you know I got this hit for you, put this dick on you (Woo)
Enjoy you, and I spoil you, uh (Ah!)
Back and forth, in and out, no backin' off (Nope)
My shit don't harp, my lover lover real, don't dissolve (Nope)
Bitches ain't loyal, one love, but they hot and cold (Yeah)
I swerve that deuce on 'em, they be like, "This nigga cold"
T-Raww got that flame though (Ha)
She want burgers in Bordeaux
I give her that 'cause she mine though (Yeah)
In this game you gotta find hope
I'm young and kingin', so you know what it is, so

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Tyga & Both]
It's 'bout to go down (Ha), oh yeah
Baby, you're gonna get your wish tonight
Lay it down, right here (Oh-oh)
Scream my name, baby, I love you (Yeah)
Girl, wherever you are (Oh-oh)
I'll be right by your side tonight
And if you're wearing panties, take 'em off, babe (Look, haha, alright)
I'ma do you wrong in the right way (Huh)

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Let me kiss that body (Body), when I get excited ('cited)
When you scream my name when you hit the notes (Notes)
You gon' sound melodic ('lodic)
Baby girl, just ride it (Ride it)
Huh, show me somethin' they can't see
Fuck me like you angry
Playin' all of that K-Ci & Jojo
Them slow jams, we hold hands (Yeah)
Do that there like a stripper (Huh)
On my dick she pole dance (What?)
Oh no, it's going down, going down, babe
Put it in reverse, flip it around, babe
Yeah, 'cause we're one on one
Bustin' round after round like a gun
Doin' all that freaky shit to me
I love the way you put it down, babe
I like it, when I'm in and out and you're makin' them sounds, babe
And I want some more, it's about to go down

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
It's 'bout to go down, oh yeah (Go down)
Baby, you're gonna get your wish tonight (You're gonna get your wish)
Lay it down, right here (Whoa-oh)
Scream my name, baby, I love you (Yeah)
Girl, wherever you are (You are)
I'll be right by your side tonight
And if you're wearing panties, take 'em off, babe
I'ma do you wrong in the right way

[Verse 1]
Multi-love
Checked into my heart and trashed it like a hotel room
Who is your God, where is she?
She wants to bury me in Austin under Uchiko
She don't want to be your man or woman
She wants to be your love

[Verse 2]
Multi-love
All of the other stalker daughters dragged her under
May all her minds be made up
I'll be her Vicodin, expired and escaped to Valhalla
She don't want to be your man or woman
She wants to be your love

[Chorus]
Multi-love's got me on my knee
We were one, then become three
Mama, what have you done to me?
I'm half crazy

[Verse 3]
Multi-love
It's not that this song's about her
All songs are about her
The sun shines underneath us
Fearing new kinds of mind control and just blaming each other
She don't want to be your man or woman
She wants to be your love

[Verse 1]
Multi-love
Checked into my heart and trashed it like a hotel room
Who is your God, where is she?
She wants to bury me in Austin under Uchiko
She don't want to be your man or woman
She wants to be your love

[Chorus]
Multi-love's got me on my knee
We were one, then become three
Mama, what have you done to me?
I'm half crazy
Multi-love's got me on my knee
We were one, then become three
Mama, what have you done to me?
I'm half crazy

[Intro: Big Sean]
Ah-huh
Ah-huh
Whoa
These ho's be doin' research
I swear, she like:
"This piece of hair off in the sink ain't come from me first, no, no"

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
The way you stressin' got me blowin' indo outdoor
Every time you intro that's my cue to outro
And I know all my niggas call you crazy, you just misunderstood, though
Through all the evil in your eyes swear I can still see the good, though
But you unlockin' my cell like you is a cop, how you decode
All my V-mails, G-mails even P.O. boxes got me P.O.’d
You saw my emails with CeCe when you wasn't CC'd
I'm on my way to halfway, my baby, I need you to meet me (straight up)
You, you talkin' 'bout I had the key to your heart
Then I got my first European, you took that key then you keyed it
What type of shit do we be in? Blowin' up TNT'n'
Hella drama, TMZ'n, bitch, I'm leavin' then she switched the shit like

[Pre-Chorus: Ariana Grande (Big Sean)]
What you got to hide, hide, hide, hide? (uh-huh)
Lying next to me at night, night, night, night (uh-huh)
You text me all the time, time, time, time (whoa)
See, I know what you like, like I did the last time (whoa)

[Chorus: Ariana Grande]
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
When you had nothing to hide, hide, hide, hide?

[Post-Chorus: Big Sean]
Watch out, these ho's be doin' research
I swear, she like:
"This piece of hair off in the sink ain't come from me first, no, no"
I swear (God)
You hang around too goddamn long, it's like you need work
Do ya, do ya, do ya got a job, I mean, for real
I swear (oh God)
Man, these ho's be doin' research, doin' research
Watch out, these girls be doin' research

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Okay, I know you did some research
Well shit, I did too
I saw you wearin' Drake's chain, like you were part of his crew
I saw you chillin' with Meek Mill up at the Summer Jam, ooo
I hope my eyes the one that’s lyin' to me girl and not you
I know we all got a past, but there's shit that I can't pass
Seein' you at the Soho House, I know you can't afford that tab
When I run into Chris Brown and he laugh, 'cause he know
What you know, what I don't, it make me feel like I don't know your ass
Now you saying shit like

[Pre-Chorus: Ariana Grande (Big Sean)]
What you got to hide, hide, hide, hide? (uh-huh)
Lying next to me at night, night, night, night (uh-huh)
You text me all the time, time, time, time (whoa)
See, I know what you like, like I did the last time (whoa)

[Chorus: Ariana Grande]
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
When you had nothing to hide, hide, hide, hide?

[Post-Chorus: Big Sean]
Watch out, these ho's be doin' research
I swear, she like:
"This piece of hair off in the sink ain't come from me first, no, no"
I swear
You hang around too goddamn long, it's like you need work
Do ya, do ya, do ya got a job, I mean, for real
I swear
Man, these ho's be doin' research, doin' research
Watch out, these girls be doin' research

[Intro]
Sean, it's good to be home, isn't it?
I see the skyscrapers in the back, this shit is official

[Verse 1]
I got a lot on my mind, I got more in my face
If I ain't going to get it that day is going to waste
I'm tryna move in my safe like the safe was a safehouse
I ain't going out to eat but these hoes stay on the stakeout
And you know it's official when I go bringing that BAPE out
I'm thumbing through the magazines like "This the girl Imma take out"
Imagine stuck in the D and you tryna find a way-way out
And yeah, your music been bumping and you just waiting to break out
And I've been waiting all god damn year, oh yeah
I can tell that it's near but near ain't here
Man, them bills is here right now
I guess you shine brightest when the lights down like now
And then they say it happened for me overnight, shit, yeah, I guess
I guess it took ten years for me to be an overnight success
What you know 'bout living check to check to living check to check to check to check?
First place, no neck and neck
Two girls is breast to breast to breast to breast
Blowing smoke but I'm a breath of fresh air
Yes, and I'm doing extra numbers like I'm Chinese
Taking double shots like Siamese
I'm from where crime breeds, her titties out like "Sign these"
I knew I lived this life back when I was young and used to climb trees
I should've known back then I wasn't gon' stop
Cause even then I was infatuated with just sitting at the top
I said, "I should've known back then, man, that I wasn't gon' stop"
Cause even then I was infatuated with just sitting at the top

[Chorus]
And I don't owe nobody in the world no favors
I started from the basement made it to the skyscrapers
I'm a successful nigga, I got shit going on
I'm a successful Don, I got shit going on
Said, "I don't owe nobody in the world no favors"
I started from the basement made it to the skyscrapers
I'm a successful nigga, I got shit going on
I'm a successful Don, I got shit going on

[Verse 2]
Bitch, watch how you speak to me
I've been working all week and I know I need ZZZZs
Tryna get paid repeatedly
Jamaica or Cancun, now that's where I need to be
Credit card used to be EBT, in the D though that's D-EBT
I've been thinking about becoming a cop
So I can murk some niggas one by one off legally
I talk that real shit, but that's why they loving it
One time for the city, treating it like it's the mothership
Was talking to my dad though on some other shit
He like "man, slow down with the girls you're fucking with
If they ain't a quarter back, there's no point of rushing it
Don't make the same mistakes I made with your mother"
But that's on some other shit, look
I'm into risk and taking it
I'm into making it then get back to making like I ain't made it yet
This the rehab for a workaholic, I been thinking bout shaking it
I done had a Rolex longer than I had relationships, I'm embarrassed to say that shit
But I've been working on myself and that's the most important work
Even if you don't get paid for it
Shit, call me the greatest
Don't call up no favours, I call up my saviour
Like thank you God, look at all we created
I started rapping Biggie Smalls in the basement
And now we headed to the tallest skyscrapers

[Intro: Big Sean]
Do or die, nigga
I'mma keep poppin' this Champagne
Don't worry about shit
Finally famous, nigga

[Hook: Big Sean]
Man, I look up to God, I wonder if I fell from the sky
Would I hit the ground or will I learn how to fly?
I'm pretty sure you see it in my eyes
Sometimes I wonder if I already died
That shit get deep, deep, deep
Man, I swear to God that shit just get so deep, deep, deep, deep

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Man, I swear to God it get so deep though
That sometimes I  just gotta wake my ass up out my sleep though
And wonder what if all the shit I reaped then got repoed
And the girl I gave it all up for ain't love me for me though
See, I got a stack of problems that could use a fucking steamroll
Got off in the game, don't need no cheat code
As long as I know the G code
Being paranoid done turned me to a creep
You ain't got that metal on your side
Police gon' work it like Magneto if they need to, it get deep
Deep, deeper than telekinesis
Deeper than your sister dying and you're telling your nieces
The deeper it gets, boy, the pressure increases
But pressure make diamonds
And my name is Sean cause I shine, it's self explanatory
I architect the flow, rapping all of these stories on stories
You know the story
If my back against the ropes, then I'll finish Stone Cold it
My opponent probably praying for postponement
You fuck with the best rapper, don't even know it
It's written in the stars, man, the sky is the author
I pulled the sword out of the stone, I'm King Arthur
Motherfuck your armor, nigga, only weapon I'm scared of is Karma
You watching the son turn to father, fucking life and her daughter
Nigga, that shit just get deep

[Hook: Big Sean & Lil Wayne]
Man, I look up to God, I wonder if I fell from the sky
Would I hit the ground or will I learn how to fly?
I'm pretty sure you see it in my eyes
Sometimes I wonder if I already died
That shit get deep, deep, deep
Man, I swear to God that shit just get so deep, deep, deep, deep, deep

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Been going hard all day
Wish a nigga would fuck with me
Then I blow the candles out on my cake
And niggas always thinking it's a game
Til we ran them out the arcade
Stunting in my southernplayerlistic Cadillac, Andre
I talk that cash money shit
YM plus CMB, you can do the math for me, bitch
Jail time, a slap on the wrist
Cut your head off, get it mailed out, stamp on your lips
You can tell I'm grinding by my wrist
Anything can happen cause a broke man is an optimist
Well, tell them I'll be waiting in suspense
I got some miles on me, but it's cool cause I never give an inch
And I don't give two fucks about what your mouth say
Cause this shit is deeper than rap, I cannot say
That shit enough times like somebody rewind me
Like shit is deeper than rap, I cannot say that shit enough times
I feel like Sean, don't get enough shine
Is it because he ain't got the tattoos? He ain't throwing up signs
Well, let me throw up mine
And also let me show this vision of mine
Fuck the finish line, just finish your lines
And if getting your point across crosses the line
Some of the time then cross it with pride
That's real, my nigga, remember that
And it ain't about if they remember you, they remember rap
So just spit it back and hope somebody diggin' that
Cause this shit is deep, deep
Deep as empty pockets, nigga
We come empty pockets before we have empty pockets, slime
That shit get deep

[Hook: Big Sean & Lil Wayne]
Man, I look up to God, I wonder if I fell from the sky
Would I hit the ground or will I learn how to fly?
I'm pretty sure you see it in my eyes
Sometimes I wonder if I already died
That shit get deep, deep, deep, deep
Man, I swear to God that shit just get so deep, deep, deep, deep, deep
That shit get deep, deep, deep
(Deep as empty pockets)
Deep, deep
(We come empty pockets before we have empty pockets)
Yeah, oh my god is just so deep, Yeah, yeah
(Deep as empty pockets)
(We come empty pockets before we have empty pockets)
Sometimes I wonder if I already died
That shit get deep

[Produced by Jay John Henry & Key Wane]

[Intro: Sample & Big Sean]
Girl, it's true
You do, you do, you do
It's true (Oh)
It's waiting for you (Uh-huh)
Girl, it's true

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Okay, I won't deny it
Half the time you send a text, yep, you know I'm not replying
Just to let you know, I'm not one of them niggas you be dodging
I'm the one that you dodge with (Swerve, swerve)
I'm the one that you gon' take that dress you saving out the closet (Woah)
I'm the one you need alone
I'm the one that when you round your friends
That you gotta put on speakerphone
Just so you can let them know what we be on, like he the one
Yeah yeah, I know I'm young but you respect me like a father figure
Young mobbish nigga, prolly make you father figures
Sean Don Perrier out in Paris with a pair of Yays going
Well, I would tell you but I gotta paraphrase
And even when you tripping, we tripping, I pay for ya
Gourmet for ya, chauffeur arranged for ya
I'll take that flight alone earlier in the day for ya
Just to beat you there and prepare, let you know I'm waiting for ya
Finally Famous

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Ty Dolla $ign]
I ain't like them other niggas (Other niggas)
And I ain't 'bout to play no games with you (Play no games)
You know what your problem is? (Oh)
You don't ever see the big picture
Oh wee, I want you to take me serious
Oh baby, I want you to take me serious
Aw yeah, yeah (Girl, for you)

[Verse 2: Big Sean & Ty Dolla $ign]
Wait, wait, waiting for ya
I be wait, wait, waiting for ya (Girl, it's true)
You got a young boss nigga like me waiting for ya
You got that bomb ass, pussy, I'll be waiting for ya (Yeah)
Who ya love? (Tell me) Tell me who you fucking love (Tell me)
Tell me who you wanna fuck and love
I left that sexy dress out on the bed with a note there laying for ya
With directions where I'm waiting with dinner and waiter for ya (For ya)
I'm that nigga (Nigga), she tell me I'm that nigga
I'm the nigga that's your nigga even when you got a nigga (Uh)
That you make love with, but right before take drugs with
Then right after, hit the tub, wait on me with suds
Then you back that ass up on me like it's 99 (Woah)
Wine fine, like a bottle from the 99 (Uh-huh)
Hit you with the 99 like it's fucking primetime (Time)
Killed the pussy, had to hit that shit like nine times (Woo)
Girl, even when I'm gone, just know I'm there for ya (There for ya)
I'm all ears, in other words here for ya (Here for ya)
I'd probably rob a fucking bank and go to jail for ya (Uh-huh)
As long as I can smack that ass and pull that hair for ya
Finally Famous

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Ty Dolla $ign]
I ain't like them other niggas (Other niggas)
And I ain't 'bout to play no games with you (Play no games)
You know what your problem is? (Oh)
You don't ever see the big picture
Oh wee, I want you to take me serious
Oh baby, I want you to take me serious
Aw yeah, yeah (Girl, for you)

[Bridge: Ty Dolla $ign]
I've been waiting on that ass all night though
Girl, don't keep me waiting no more
Yeah, yeah, it's true
Got some things I wanna do to you, baby, oh
Ooh yeah!

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Ty Dolla $ign]
I ain't like them other niggas (Other niggas)
And I ain't 'bout to play no games with you (Play no games)
You know what your problem is? (Oh)
You don't ever see the big picture
Oh wee, I want you to take me serious
Oh baby, I want you to take me serious
Aw yeah, yeah (Girl, for you)

[Intro: PARTYNEXTDOOR & (Big Sean)]
Whoohohohohohohoho
Whoohohohohohohoho
I feel like, I feel like, I feel like
(Yeah)

[Bridge: Big Sean]
Now I be fuckin' with these bitches like they hypo-allergenic
Women are from Venus, caught in love playing tennis
Some girls are the Lebron James of playing mind games
And switch their home team up every single time their mind change

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Don't play no games with hoes, I play Nintendo DS, nigga
And pray I don't see the end of my paper like P.S nigga
But damn in high school you had the fattest ass
And now we out of high school, you got a fatter ass
Swear I was just up on your Instagram a day or two ago
Seen your ass in deja vu, that shit was deja vu I know
Reminiscing on the one time we smashed in the back of the whip
And you gave me that head
I swear to God that was the best night of my life
I can't even sit here frontin', lie and pretend
Dancing with your titties out
I know at first it was a little bit embarrassing yeah
But 5 minutes later you on my lap
And we just kickin' it like we're the only ones here
You're telling me how you went down South for school
Down near TSU
But you know business majors
You can't even get a job when you're comin' right out of the school
Told her check the Valley, seems like out there they be hiring
In L.A where all the girls that look like you are aspiring
A new scenery might just be inspiring
She said "Pshh, man everything ain't for everybody, shit I'm good"

[Hook: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Okay I came up how I came up
A little change but I ain't change up
A little fame but I ain't famous
A little danger now I'm dangerous
Gettin' high now I'm the supplier now
Laying low cause it won't fade us
Still living how I'm living cause nigga I need to
Still feel like I deserve it
How I feel like I deserve it
Still feel like I deserve it
How I feel like I deserve it

[Bridge: Big Sean]
Now I be fuckin' with these bitches like they hypo-allergenic
Women are from Venus, caught in love playing tennis
Some hoes are the Lebron James of playing mind games
And switch their home team up every single time their mind change

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
She drop it for me, pussy pop it for me, take it to the top
Spending extra time when she ain't got it, on me
Then she turned around said
"I'm so proud, seems like everywhere I'm hearin' ya
Seems like yesterday you freestyled in the cafeteria
Tell me how it happened? Know this ain't the place to ask"
When she said that shit I had a flashback, back to the past
Man '07, LAX, first time in the baggage claim
Don C picked me up off the curb, my bags in hand
Was nervous as shit, knew I was meeting up with Ye
And we riding through the hills swerve, swervin' and shit
Seeing the houses on the hills like I'm deserving this shit
Oh boy I'm worth it yeah it's time to put the work in this shit
Oh that was back before I had the G.O.O.D. imprint
Hit the studio with Kanye, that shit was intense
And he said "Boy you got it, boy you is a prophet"
Signed me, got a profit
Few years later yeah we on and poppin'
And I got a crib off in the same hills we used to drive in
Brr Brr, call up Don C he was the first to know about it
Almost went to TSU with Alesha then I dropped it
Fuck it, I guess everything ain't for everybody
Oh boy, swerve

[Hook: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Okay I came up how I came up
A little change but I ain't change up
A little fame but I ain't famous
A little danger now I'm dangerous
Gettin' high now I'm the supplier now
Laying low cause it won't fade us
Still living how I'm living cause nigga I need to
Still feel like I deserve it
How I feel like I deserve it
Still feel like I deserve it
How I feel like I deserve it
Still feel like I deserve it
Still feel like I deserve it
Still feel like I deserve it
Still feel like I deserve it

[Intro]
Yeah yeah

[Verse]
Okay now, why you wanna go and do that, do that?
Sometimes I say that I'm the best, I guess I had to prove that
You know I had to cop that mansion on the hill and pool that
You know I don't rely on 8 balls, no, I never pooled that
You know I always like the best, roll it up and pull that
Now baby, don't get too deep on me, I might have to pull back
I got weed rolled, drinks po'd if you wanna do that
And I be in and out of love, the OGs be like true that
Cause you know sometimes man, that shit can get way too irritating
Say the wrong thing to the right girl, you might not make it
Dark skin with a lightskin girl like Taye Diggs
And you go from tryna save her to her taking your savings
And when she do, man, watch how them bitches shit talk
Wonder how they would feel if our lives got criss-crossed
What if you lost your homie and you felt like Kriss Kross?
Double cross, I swear that Christians don't even get this crossed
Talk so much shit that a nigga pissed off
She talk so much that she done fucking made my dick soft
Pushing all my buttons, this ain't fucking pinball
I guess women are sometimes like a jigsaw
Sometimes you hit a lick, sometimes you get ripped off
Sometimes you gotta sit, sometimes it's time for lift-off
Sometimes I just shut up and let my wrist talk
It be like "we don't got time for bullshit, dawg"
You know I'm 1 of 1, just like the prototype
You look like the "um, you owe me" type
Oh, hardly never taking pictures, not the photo type, no
Please don't Instagram this shit and be up on me like
"Oh, you owe me likes"
Man, I swear these bitches don't know what the fuck is more important to em
The more I kick philosophy, the more I'm boring to em
The more champagne I pop, the more I'm pouring to em
I just hope that's not the only single thing that's going through em
I hop up on a beat like it's the '08 me
When we was riding four deep, boy, no AC
Headed to the game for okay seats
Now I'm courtside at OKC, I know KD
And all these singing bitches know me like do-ray-mi
Fa-so-la-ti-do but dough come first
No late fees, Kool-Aid smile, Colgate teeth
The bigger that I get, the more I need shrinks
I be in and out of cars like a fucking crash dummy
Spending money till it's dizzy but I still stash something, you know
But I'm tryna get that real real money, like um
White people with a black son
And first time I met Oprah, that was motivation
Went from standing in court to starting up a corporation
Went so hard last night that we made the morning paper
Plus my girl's rated R, all your hoes overrated, damn
Niggas say I changed, how they damn how they do
Say I'm hard to get in contact with, oh, is that true?
But what about now? 313
515-8772, bitch, call me

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I fucked her yesterday but I forgot her name
I'll probably never, ever see the bitch again
Oh that's your main?
Oh well I tried to tear her out the frame
Oh that's your main?
Well, she'll never ever hit the same
You stalking her? You called her up like 90 times
We ballin' out like it's 2099
And I'mma be a baller 'till the end of time
And I'mma be a baller 'till the end of time

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I'm a rollin' stone, nigga, I'm a rollin' stone
Where I lay my hat is motherfuckin' home
I'm a rollin' stone, nigga, I'm a rollin' stone
I'm rollin' up the strong, nigga I'm a rollin' stone

[Verse 2: Lil B]
I'm a rollin' stone
Sellin' pussy and phones
Lil B, Gucci Mane
One show, that's a hundred grand
I said, "Thank you Based God"
Flexin' with the A-Rod
So many bitches on my dick I thank the Based God
I think that I'm Gucci
Shoot 'em with the Uzi
Still buying pussy
Who's sellin' coochie?
Who's selling molly?
Yeah, I got the money
I'm a rockstar and I will catch a body, like

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I'm a rollin' stone, nigga, I'm a rollin' stone
Where I lay my hat is motherfuckin' home
I'm a rollin' stone, nigga, I'm a rollin' stone
I'm rollin' up the strong, nigga I'm a rollin' stone

[Verse 1]
Come roll with a nigga, get high with a nigga
Count stacks with a nigga, fuck hoes with a nigga
Back in high school we used to trade clothes with my niggas
Back when Iceberg and Girbaud
Was like the wardrobe for the killers, we pose for the pictures
Stunting on hoes, I stunt with my bros
Real go-getters, I swear being broke didn't fit us
Like new T-shirts, new jeans, new hats
You know, spending gas money on everything except gas
Spending my last on the shit that won't last
Back when 20 dollars would impress that ass
A movie and popcorn and caress that ass
Overdress to undress that ass, god bless that ass
It was me and my dawgs, summer on summer
Riding around like we dumber on dumber
Whipping that Toyota like it's a Hummer
What happened to those days? I really do wonder
When all I did was safe sex, latex
The first time I slipped up, wished I had a homemade AIDS test fuck
But I ain't flunk once
Back before I got drunk once
I was smoking on haze, all in a daze
My homies would call and say, "nigga, come roll"

[Break 1]
The D grown us to get it man. You know what I’m mean? Just hustle, hustle, hustle. They, you know we, you know, there really wasn’t that much opportunity for us, man. So, we just had to let our nuts hang and just, shit, boss up and, and learn the game

[Verse 2]
Man, I'm straight up off the 7 Mile, they call that the better mile
Tryna get a house up in the woods off on 11 Mile, bet it now
One time for the D, Girls that hold me down Corretta style
Free Juan, let him out
And everything I want off in the world is a must-have
I realised that at the bus stop with a bus pass thinking "fuck rap"
Cause there's niggas in the streets
Getting money under my nose that I must stash
I've seen people get murked who ain't deserved that shit
Cops should've protect-and-served and shit
But still pull me over, disrespect and search my shit
Ask "why the attitude?" cause bitch, you deserve that shit
Bang bang bang, how do you maintain
A sane brain and mind in a city of AKs and K9s?
When only language they know English and gang signs
Fuck it all though, I'm repping till the world blow, come roll

[Break 2]
Well shit, I’m just, you know, I’m proud of lil' bro man. That nigga listened and he was able to stay focused man and through all the adversity man and through all the hood politics. But he seen it, he was with it, he was on it, you know? I mean like I say the Linwood man, shit that’s what we know the city man, that’s for the city man all fucking day

[Outro]
Sean, it's good to be home, isn't it?

[Verse 1]
Animals we are
Disposable, collapsible and raw
In you go into some crowded room
And animals that climb
And they're climbing over you until you say
"Off you go, off you go"

Animal I am
And I'm looking for an answer just like you
But I should know which way to turn

An animal that runs
And I ran away from you because I'm scared
"Now off you go, off you go"

[Chorus]
If you're gonna go, go now
If you're gonna go, go now
I forgot to tell you how
So if you're gonna go
Go now

[Verse 2]
Animal you are
Disposable defenceless yes and
Watch your mouth, boys watch your mouth
An animal that runs
And I made all my excuses to you
And I missed my chance by a stones throw

[Chorus]
If you're gonna go, go now
If you're gonna go, go now
I forgot to tell you how
So if you're gonna go
Go now

[Bridge]
Go now
Go now
Go now

[Outro]
And I crumble
Crumble and fall
Crumble and fall like an animal

I crumble
Crumble and fall
Crumble and fall like an animal
Yes I crumble
Crumble and fall
Crumble and fall like an animal

Yes I crumble
Crumble and fall
Crumble and fall like an animal

[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Aw shit
Those crazy-ass motherfuckers are back again
Death Row in this motherfucker, you know what I'm saying?
Check it out

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Sliding through the street in my rad 64
Hopping like a motherfucker trynna find a ho
Hitting all the spots but I'm coming up blank
Headed to the liquor store to get myself some drank
Parks my ride as I steps inside, as I puts my 9 double-m to my side
As I (continue with my mission)
(Pussy is my dish and I'm fishing, wishing)
To catch as many hoes as I want
The dizzick of Drizzay is the flavor of the month
And the month's just begun
So fee-fi-fo-fum, here I come
Now step up like 1-2-3
And give it to the D-R to the E
Yo, and one of the homies in the Dogg Pound
We straight pussy hounds bitch

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
You know I like pussy
So you can call me a hound
And here's the name I go by when I'm rolling around
The Ho Hopper (Tell a friend bitch)
The Ho Hopper (All your friends trick)
I give it to you smooth, ho can't you see?
That when you need some dick, bitch call on me
The Ho Hopper (Tell a friend bitch)
The Ho Hopper (Check this out)

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Now I'mma, lay back, stay back, way back in the cut
Until I find a proper bitch to help me bust this nut
Strike, just like a pimp would
Laying dick on a trick in your neighborhood
Should somebody be offended cause of the dick I slang?
Got the bitches stroking my dick like it was cocaine
They loving that nigga they call the Doctor D-R-E
Cause I slangs dick constantly
Now, when you see me in your hood riding by slow
Hitting switches I'm hopping for a ho so
Nigga don't be rolling up on the side of me
Unless you won't your pretty bitch to take a ride with me
And I ain't taking her to her crib I'm taking her to my house
To work that thing and show her what it's all about
And I'mma pop that pussy if I could pop her
D-R-E: the motherfucking Hoe Hopper

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Now when they crack 'em I smack 'em right between they lips
It's a daily operation or just an illustration
Of (Niggas like myself who love pussy)
And you can bet every nigga you see with me
Is out hopping, copping hoes like these
Bitches who want to fuck are the bitches that we skeez
Now if you don't want to fuck them don't speak
Yo, continue to mob up them streets
Before the rest of the bitches that can hear me
Well its the D-R-E, sincerely

[Hook] x2
I'll make
A twenty dollar bet
Adam won't get
His lunchbox back

I took it
An hour ago
He's cryin' in the snow
I'll never let it go

I hope
When Adam goes home
He hides it from his mom
He thinks of me alone

And when
We're swimmin' at the Y
I'll splash him in the eye
I'll dunk him till he cries

I'll make
A twenty dollar bet
Adam won't get
His lunchbox back
I took it
An hour ago
He's cryin' in the snow
I want him so
I was waiting for a baggie
A powder bunny
I have a buddy I grew up with
He hooked it up for me

I'm helpin' it my own way
When I'm stuck in bed
A little more than a memory
Sticks in my head

I really like the game we played
You left the CD here
A lot of positive messages
And something left unclear
LINER NOTES

1. Brand New Car
Written by A. Arslani, M. Ronson, B. Joel
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Way Above Music (BMI)/Sony/ATV Songs
LLC (BMI), Published by Impulsive Music/Almo Music Corp. (ASCAP)
Produced by Mark Ronson
Recorded at Zelig Studios, London
Drums, Piano, Fender, Rhodes, Bass, Guitar and Programming by Mark Ronson
Additional Programming by Statik Selektah
Engineered by Ricky Damien
Mixed by Tom Elmhirst at Electric Lady Studios, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Contains an interpolation of “Zanzibar” (Billy Joel). Published by Impulsive Music/Almo Music Corp. (ASCAP)
All rights reserved

2. The Rising featuring Big Body Bes
Written by A. Arslani, P. Baril, I. Brockington, B. Sadikay
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Spell My Name Right (BMI), Regent Music
Corp. (BMI), Besnik Sadikay Publishing Designee
Produced by Statik Selektah
Additional Instruments by Antman Wonder
Additional Vocals by Chauncy Sherod
Recorded and Mixed by Statik Selektah at ShowOff Bassment, Brooklyn, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Contains an interpolation of “When I Rise” (Irv Brockington). Published by Regent Music Corp. (BMI)
All rights reserved
3. Terry
Written by A. Arslani, A. Maman, D. Porter, I. Hayes, B. Wither, J. Boxley, E. Sadler
R. Walters, N. Johnson, O. Sunderland
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), A. Maman Music (ASCAP), Almo Music Corp
(ASCAP)/ Interior Music Corp./Songs Of Universal, Inc. (BMI)
Produced by The Alchemist
Recorded by The Alchemist at ALC Laboratories, LA
Additional Guitars by Curt Chambers
Mixed by Ryan West at Stadium Red, New York, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Contains a sample from “I Like It” (David Porter/Isaac Hayes) performed by The Emotions. From the album “So I Can Love
You/Untouched” (SCD-88029-2). Courtesy of Concord Music Group, Inc. Published by Almo Music Corp. (ASCAP). All
Rights reserved
Contains an interpolation of “Let Me In Your Life” (Bill Withers). Published by Interior Music Corp./Songs Of Universal, Inc
(BMI). All rights reserved
Contains an interpolation of “Teenage Love” (James Boxley/Eric Sadler/Ricky Walters/Nahiem Johnson/Oliver Sunderland)
Published by Songs Of Universal, Inc. (BMI). All rights reserved

4. Actin Crazy
Written by Ariyan Arslani, Noah Shebib, Sidney Brown, Antoine Baldwin, C. Smith, H. Wayne Browne
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Noah Shebib/ Mavor & Moses Inc. /Kobalt
(ASCAP), Sidney Brown/Overdose On Life Publishing (BMI), Antoine Baldwin/AJ Baldwin Music (ASCAP), Greensleeves Publishing
Limited (PRS)/Universal Polygram International Publishing Inc./Dub Plate Music Publishers Ltd. (ASCAP)
Produced by Noah “40” Shebib for Evdon Music, Inc. & Sidney “Omen” Brown
Co-Produced by Antoine “AudioBLK” Baldwin
Recorded at Metalworks Studios, Mississauga, Canada
Engineered by Noah “40” Shebib, Noel Cadastre & Evan “BBQ” Stewart for Evdon Music, Inc
Mixed at S.O.T.A. Studios, Toronto, ON
Mixed by Noah “40” Shebib for Evdon Music, Inc
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Contains an interpolation of “Heads High” (Smith/Browne). Published by Songs of Greensleeves (ASCAP)/Universal Polygram
International Publishing Inc./Dub Plate Music Publishers Ltd. (ASCAP). Used By Permission. All Rights Reserved
5. Falconry featuring Meyhem Lauren & Big Body Bes
Written by A. Arslani, A. Maman, B. Sadikay, J. Rencher
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), A. Maman Music (ASCAP), Besnik Sadikay
Publishing Designee, James Rencher Publishing Designee
Produced by The Alchemist
Additional Guitars by Curt Chambers
Recorded by The Alchemist at ALC Laboratories, LA
Mixed by Ryan West at Stadium Red, New York, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA

6. Thug Love Story 2017: The Musical (Interlude)
Performed by Ezra Dowery

7. City Boy Blues featuring Chauncy Sherod
Written by A. Arslani, C. Njapa, J. Nealis, H. Hattler, P. Wolbrandt, J. Wolbrandt, J. Pappert, I. Bischof
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Broken Locks/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI)
Justin Nealis Publishing Designee (BMI), Venerable Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Wintrup Musikverlag (GEMA)
Produced by 88-Keys for Keys Open Doors LLC/Very Good Beats, Inc
Co-Produced by Party Supplies
Pianos by Cas Weinbren
Guitar by Party Supplies
Additional Vocals by Chauncy Sherod
Recorded at Lounge Studios, NY and Rebirth Studio
Mixed by Tom Elmhirst at Electric Lady Studios, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Contains a sample from “Luftpost” (Hellmut Hattler/Peter Wolbrandt/Jan Fride Wolbrandt/Johannes Pappert/Ingo Bischof)
Performed by Kraan. Licensed courtesy of Universal Music Strategic Marketing, A Division of Universal Music GmbH. Published
By Wintrup Musikverlag (GEMA). All rights reserved
Contains a sample from “Luftpost.” Licensed courtesy of Universal Music Strategic Marketing, A Division of Universal Music
GmbH. Published by Wintrup Musikverlag (GEMA). All rights reserved
8. A Light in the Addict featuring Party Supplies & Black Atlass
Written by A. Arslani, J. Nealis, A. Fleming, S. Mahon
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Justin Nealis Publishing Designee (BMI)
Black Atlass Music/Universal Music Publishing (SOCAN), Sean Mahon Publishing Designee
Produced by Party Supplies
Recorded and Mixed by Justin Nealis at Party Supplies Sound & Design House, Brooklyn, NY
Black Atlass Recorded by Jared Tauben at Lost Star Studio, Montreal, Canada
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Party Supplies and Black Atlass appear courtesy of Fool’s Gold Records

9. Baby Blue featuring Chance the Rapper
Written by Ariyan Arslani, Mark Ronson, Chancellor Bennett & Zane Lowe
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Chance the Rapper (BMI), Way Above Music
(BMI)/Sony/ATV Songs LLC (BMI), Moment Music/Universal Music Publishing Ltd
Produced by Mark Ronson
Recorded at Zelig Studios, London & Diamond Mine, Long Island City, NY
Drums, Piano, Bass, Scratches and Programming by Mark Ronson
Mellotron and Vibraphone by Leon Michels
Guitar by Tommy “TNT” Brenneck
Trumpet by Donnie Trumpet
Background Vocals by Chance The Rapper and Zane Lowe
Engineered by Rhys Downing, Leon Michels, Andrew Sarlo & Ricky Damien
Mixed by Tom Elmhirst at Electric Lady Studios, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA

10. Only In America featuring Party Supplies
Written by A. Arslani, M. Jackson, R. Schultze, P. Forsberg, J. Nealis
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Disruption Productions (ASCAP), Sinus
Musikverlag Hans-Ulrich Weigel GmbH (GEMA), Sinus Musikverlag Hans-Ulrich Weigel GmbH (GEMA), Justin Nealis Publishing
Designee (BMI)
Produced by Oh No
Pianos by Cas Weinbren
Mixed by Justin Nealis at Party Supplies Sound & Design House, Brooklyn, NY
Mixed by Ryan West at Stadium Red, New York, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Party Supplies appears courtesy of Fool’s Gold Records
Contains a sample from “Es Liegt Was In Der Luft” (Ralf Schultze/Peer Forsberg) performed by Artischock. Licensed courtesy
Of Edition Intro Meisel GmbH. Published by Sinus Musikverlag Hans-Ulrich Weigel GmbH (GEMA). All rights reserved

11. Galactic Love
Written by A. Arslani, A. Maman, H. Gibson Jr
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), A. Maman Music (ASCAP), Gibsonian Music (BMI)
Produced by The Alchemist
Additional Vocals by Gloria Lovett
Recorded by The Alchemist at ALC Laboratories, LA
Mixed by Ryan West at Stadium Red, New York, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA
Contains a sample of “First Glance” (Gibson Jr.) performed by Henry Gibson Jr. Licensed courtesy of Henry Gibson Jr
Published by Gibsonian Music (BMI). All Rights Reserved

12. The Passage (Live from Prague)
Written by A. Arslani, J. Nealis, S. Mahon
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Justin Nealis Publishing Designee (BMI)
Sean Mahon Publishing Designee
Produced by Party Supplies
Recorded by Nick Hook at thespacepit, Brooklyn, NY
Assisted by Leon Kelly and Gabriel Schuman
Mixed by Justin Nealis at Party Supplies Sound & Design House, Brooklyn, NY
Mastered by Justin Smith at WEA Studios, LA

13. Easy Rider
Written by A. Arslani, J. Nealis, M. Alanson, Z. Hakansoy
Published by Ariyan Arslani Publishing Designee/Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI), Justin Nealis Publishing Designee (BMI)
Universal Muzik Taksim Edisyon A.S. (MESAM)/Universal Music – MGB Songs (ASCAP)
Produced by Party Supplies
Recorded by Justin Nealis at Party Supplies Sound & Design House, Brooklyn, NY
Mixed by Ryan West at Stadium Red, New York, NY
Mastered by Dave Kutch at The Mastering Palace, New York, NY
Contains a sample of “Adimiz Miskindir Bizim” (Mazhar Alanson/Zafer Hakansoy) performed by Mazhar ve Fuat
Licensed courtesy of Universal Muzik Taksim Edisyon A.S./Yonca Muzik
Published by Universal Music – MGB Songs (ASCAP)/Universal Muzik Taksim Edisyon A.S
(MESAM). All Rights Reserved

ADDITIONAL CREDITS

Executive Producer: Action Bronson
Management: Paul Rosenberg and Pedro “DRO” Genao for Goliath Artists
Agents: Jeremy Holgersen, James Rubin & Colin Lewis for The Agency Group
A&R: Riggs Morales
A&R Administration: Joya Nemley
Business & Legal Affairs, Atlantic Records: Jeremy Kaplan
Sample Clearances: Danny Zook and Alien Music Services
Legal Representation: Theo Sedlmayr & Lisa Donini for Sedlmayr & Associates, P.C
Art Direction and Illustrations: Richard “FRKO” Montgomery
Packaging Design: Nick Malvone Bilardello
Packaging Production: Carolyn Tracey
Marketing: Diane Vadnal and Brian “Busy” Dackowski
Radio Promotion: Sam Crespo
Vice Music: Founder and Head of A&R: Suroosh Alvi
General Manager: Jamie Farkas
Marketing Coordinator: Kerry DarConte

THANK YOU'S

THANK YOU, MOMMY! And everyone who helped me get to where I am. You know who you are

COPYRIGHT / DISTRIBUTION

© 2015 Atlantic Recording Corporation for the United States and WEA International Inc. for the world outside of the United States. All Rights Reserved. A Warner Music Group Company
Printed in U.S.A. 547883-2
The paper content of this product contains a minimum of 30 percent post-consumer stock. Warner Music Group has dedicated itself to the cause of environmental change since 2004. For more information about our industry leading environmental initiatives, please visit www.wmg.com/wmgreen
Since Fern Mallis, I just want you to understand that attempting to do clothing has been very difficult and I have encountered countless amounts of bigotry along the way. I have millions of ideas and I represent a new generation just trying to express themselves in a broken world. I don't call myself a designer as I was not allowed to go to Saint Martin's because I was too famous by the time I realized I wanted to design. Fame is often looked down upon in the design world so it's actually been something I had to overcome. All we have are our dreams and you can step on our dreams and ideas all you want but we won't stop fighting. We want to innovate and we will win someday. If you wanna have a drink with me, book a table at the spotted pig when I'm back in NY
Burns in the sun
Lives for no one
Salt on your tongue
Lights out, no fun
Drink to forget
Don't get upset
Open your mouth
You look so
Out of it

Pull it together
We could love you
Forever and ever
Pull it together
We could love you
Forever and ever

Made up a game
No pain, no gain
Until you break
Make no mistake
I will pull it together
You can love me
Forever and ever
I will pull it together
You can love me
Forever and ever

[T-Pain:]
Excuse-me shorty was lookin (looookin)
Diggin the way that 

[?] had you jerkin (jerkin)
But I ain't tryin to be ru-you-you-ude (ruuude)
Go n do what you dooo (dooooo)
(But I) couldn't help but notice ur body (body)
Swingin it hard but int dancing wit nobody (body)
So I came ova to seeee (seee)
Would you mind dancing wit meeee (meee)
(And why) 

[?]
Come ride wit me, we can ride on a dub deuces (deuces)
I live ryt ova grisroad (roooad)
I can show you the studio-o-o-o (oooo)
(Plus I) can give you love you neva knew about
That's why I can understand how you can do without
But c I, not telin lies, you fine, ur worth dyin, can't get you outta mi mind

[Chorus: x2]
Girl its time to make love
Sumfin that you neva done before
C dem, other kind of brothers say they treat you like a hoe but I wooooont
You gotta believe me I int telin no lies girl
Layback n enjoy girl its time to make love

[?]
Baby girl I said I love ya (love ya)
All I want in this world is ur love and to hold ya
I don't care what the people say about
About my long distance relationship outta town
But girl ur the stars in my sky
Girl you stole my heart and I can't even lie
I appreciate you for changing my world
N I promise dat I be wit you forever n ever
And I know dat ur mumma don't trust me
And she hates when you tell her that you love me
But you no dat its gonna be alryt
Coz it all from my heart and it takes time
But girl ur the star in my sky
Girl you stole my heart n I can't even lie
But c I not tellin lies you fyn, ur worth dyin, can't get you outta my mind
Girl its time to make love

[Chorus x2]

Its about that time baby
Look up in da sky and you will c me in da light the size 

[?]
But we be way more serious than boyfriend and girlfriend
You got my head spinnin like a whirlwind
Shorty, I no I made some mistakes but I can
Make it up by givin you this way and take it I know
It int no need to push and shuv
Hold and grab
The man above let us kiss n hug
Coz baby..

[Chorus x2]

[Intro]
We've been friends for a long time
But Nina, you gotta go

[Chorus]
Nina, you gotta go
I gotta leave you
Nina, you gotta know
That I don't need you
Nina, you gotta go
I gotta leave you
I gotta free you
Common I'ma free you

[Verse 1]
Back in the days I was fallen in love with you
I used to watch you, sit in the tub with you
We you used to cruise, you was right on my hip
I was 22, you was 22, that's it!
You fit so snug in my hand
The power, parents just don't understand
Ours 

[?] was a love forever
You was always ready and steady, steady and down for whatever
But your friends were 38 and others were 45
And when they was around, I'm surprised I even survived
So don't feel bad, I'm just growing up
Career blowing up, you gotta know whats up

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
When M was 16 and Glock was 9
They was there with me when I stared my rhyme
But when I started the climb and get known for rap
It seems like y'all was trying to hold me back
And not only that
You was my secret weapon, concealed weapon
We lived on the 357
Right on the corner of Smith and Wesson
When them dudes rolled up, you was the perfect blessing
But I learned my lesson, no doubt
Every time you shout
Somebodys lights in a night go out
Yo I'm out
I know what this bull 

[?] is about
You want me to beef all day so I could pull you out
But

[Chorus x2]

[Verse 3]
In my younger days, I used to love your figure
You used to shout every time I pulled your trigger
But you're getting bigger
And your feedback is only clack clack clack
And I don't need that
Its like a speed rap, I wanna slow it down
I want intelligent, good people to come around
And they don't get down to your kind of way
See
They settle their differences in a long minded way
So in the meantime
I'm a keep trying, I worked it out
Well you can stay with Mad lion
He might have work for you
I just don't want you to ever think that I'm deserting you
But

[Chorus x2]

[Outro]
If I got my Nina, then you know I’m straight trippin x3
Thats why I gotta put you down

[Chorus]
Let's talk about Phoenix
It's got a way of helping you to breathe a little better
(Hmm-mmh)

[Verse 1]
Through the storm and rain
If you need to escape
(Woah) Oh, you wonder why

[Chorus]
Let's talk about Phoenix
It's got a way of helping you to breathe a little better
(Ooh)
(Yeah, mmh)

[Verse 2]
I can slowly see
My life fadin' away
In my mind and my heart, I have no doubt
Oh, you wonder why

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
You could be my supermodel
You could be my supermodel
You could be my supermodel
Oh, the way you strut your shit
You could be my supermodel (supermodel)
Ooh, I wanna take your pic

[Verse 1: Justin Bieber]
Oh, it's like 3 in the morning
And you see me lookin' at you
Ooh, I just can't control it
Come over here so I can see you better
I don't want you to leave
Baby, you and me should be together
Spend the night with me, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Justin Bieber]
I'm talkin' 'bout first class treatment babe
Startin' this evening baby
Tell me what you need and I'll pay
Even though I know that you don't need anything
I'm talkin' 'bout first class treatment babe
Startin' this evening baby
Tell me what you need and I'll pay
Even though I know that you don't need anything

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
You could be my supermodel
The way you strut your shit
You could be my supermodel
Ooh, I wanna take your pic

[Verse 2: Justin Bieber]
I could pick you up in a Rolls Royce
Anywhere you wanna go, it's your choice
I promise that I'm nothing like them other boys
Soundz drop that beat just to make noise
Just to make noise
Soundz drop that beat just to make noise
Just to make noise
Soundz drop that beat just to make noise

[Pre-Chorus: Justin Bieber]
I'm talking bout first class treatment babe
Starting this evening baby
Tell me what you need and I'll pay
Even though I know that you don't need anything
I'm talking bout first class treatment babe
Starting this evening baby
Tell me what you need and I'll pay
Even though I know that you don't need anything

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
You could be my supermodel
The way you strut your shit
You could be my supermodel
Ooh I wanna take your pic

[Verse 3: Tyga]
Pretty I mean pretty exactly where I'm from
You still with me?
I'm your new bad boy ball no biggie

Pop it on the collar
I just pull up and park like play grounding
Bet you do anything for a one nighter
Bet I can make your friend freak like cirque du soleil...

[Intro]
Kanye to The, yeah, you heard the name
Checks plus raps finna murder the game, uh
Can y'all get it? Fuck y'all
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh

[Verse 1]
All these niggas believe
They breathe the same air that I breathe and bleed like I bleed
Only difference though, I fuck better hoes
Iceberg clothes, I got to pose
Every whip with the studio in a hospital
This nigga flow is very sick
Plus very rich hoes, very thick chain, very thick
Feel like I could fuck every bitch
Twenties at the bottom, carry the six
If I cop back, then shot him, I buried him six
You can't hate this nigga with the platinum braces
I rather need new teeth than a whole facelift
Plus your taste is rather tasteless
Test my aim and watch me ace this
You wack rap cats need a replacement
So I hit the basement, took it back to basics
Reach down to my Timbs, grab my laces
Got loops on niggas, y'all want a tight noose on niggas
If I ain't holler at you for (?), niggas
What the fuck I got to do, another truth for niggas?
See, it don't really matter what y'all prove to niggas
Y'all ain't satisfied 'til we shoot some niggas
So if somebody got to die, tell me who want it
That Chi-Town, South Side bullshit, we on it

[Hook]
Who you know twenty-five that rolls?
Fifteen carats on top of the white gold
Pull up in the drop, then froze
I got to pose
Go on 'head, baby, you could pose
Gettin' naked at Go-Getter shows
Then she drop, then froze
I got to pose

[Verse 2]
Man, bitch, I ain't finished with your ass
Heavy all night, spendin' cash at the ball
At the show and before we got back
At the gas station buyin' your ass snacks
At the liquor store buyin' act right juice
So when we get bid-ad, you know how to hit that
Next time, bring some friends for me to get at
But no fat hoes, you expect me to hit that?
Molly set me up like, "K got scratched"
Run up in the crib mad, stuck with that
Y'all niggas talk that, but y'all don't really lit that
So I had to hit them with the flat out, get your ass out
You tuned in with the boss of the bosses
NFL, no fuckin' losses
Chain flossless, fuck with it cost us
We go broke, we take y'all for hostage

[Hook]
Who you know twenty-five that rolls?
Fifteen carats on top of the white gold
Pull up in the drop, then froze
I got to pose
Go on 'head, baby, you could pose
Gettin' naked at Go-Getter shows
Then she drop and froze
I got to pose

[Verse 3]
You see me rollin', smokin', coastin', boastin'
Plus a little gone off the potion
Oh, and known for flossin' a little too often
Might end up in a coffin
I'm floatin' cause I don't smoke like that
Y'all niggas want to plot, we don't joke like that
Faggot-ass niggas get approached like that
Matter of fact, murder gettin' wrote like that
I'm finna take these niggas back to the streets
Back to hoppin' out the 'Lac with the heat
Back to the fifty, posin' with some bitches
In front of that airbrushed 2Pac picture

[Hook]
Who you know twenty-five that rolls?
Fifteen carats on top of the white gold
Pull up in the drop, then froze
I got to pose
Go on 'head, baby, you could pose
Gettin' naked at Go-Getter shows
And then she drop and froze

[Intro: Consequence]
The conman, aw, damn, we back in town, word

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?

[Verse 1: Consequence]
Damn, you back from your trip
I thought the plane would have helped you over
Stop sellin' crack out the crib, yeah, when hell freeze over
Until the (?) over, hard to fly wings over
Dog, you talkin' way too fast, tell me it slower
You seen my boys is over, (?) wasn't right
Cause my feet is on the sofa and I never fill up the (?)
A man (?), dog, I ain't got my half
But if you buy me this, ma, I promise I'll pay you back
But the way you act, I be really want to see you dead
Plus it's four hundred missin' from under my bed
They put me in arrest and have you beat them 'bout the iron
When them niggas rushed the crib
I was the one that poured the ice in them

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
We have, we have in this corner the dead heat roommate
Fresh from his momma crib
He embossed the market thanks to my sponsorship
I ain't finna argue 'bout what we finna watch, dog
We finna watch Fox and the weed finna fox(?)
I can't even bring hoes to my spot
You be tryin' to thug 'em out, roommate version of Pac
When it's not grievin' when I ask where you'd be
You told me like (?), he beat the shit out of me
Then you borrowed my clothes, don't do that
It's makin' me nervous, I found my bird in my (?) book
Can't find my Julius Erving
You from a family of alchies and I'm (?)
But I'm feelin' like Perfect Strangers
Cause you about to crowd me, get the fuck out

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You got all these Halle Berry posters in the crib
How you think she feel about you havin' roaches in the crib?
I got my name on the orange juice, posted in the crib
She drinkin' out the pitcher like most of it was his
Nigga, what the fuck you did with my pornos and comic books?
How come I never got the message that my people said you took?
Look, who the fuck you down with?
Cause them chromes is off the hook
It's like the club of Rhode Island every time you try to cook
You try to cook, nigga, look, I don't ever try to cook
I just been tryin' to get back that money that I loaned your ass
Off the books, off the books, yep, a month ago
You must have forgot, you must be thinkin' that I'm rich
Because I'm rollin' with the rocks

[Verse 4: Consequence]
Ayo, it ain't that I forgot, it's that the (?) is callin'
And you never paid me back
From the time that you broke the toilet
You can (?) us out for callin' to my new vacant house
Cause I need my own space, so I'm sorry you bought 'em out

[Hook: Consequence]
I'm sick and tired of you sittin' around here all day
I'm sick and tired of you smokin' weed in the hallway
But why you worried about me?
Why you worried about what I'm doin' here?
Why you got to embarrass me in front of company?

[Chorus]
Daddy what's a train? Is it something I can ride?
Does it carry lots of grown-up folks and little kids inside?
Is it bigger than our house? Well, how can I explain
When my little boy and girl ask me "Daddy what's a train?"

[Verse 1]
When I was just a boy and living by the track
Us kids would gather up the coal in big old gunnysacks
Then we heard the warning sound as the train pulled into view
The engineer would smile and wave as she went rolling through

She blew so loud and clear, we had to cover up our ears
And we counted cars just as high as we could go
I can almost hear the steam, those big old drivers scream
Sounds my little kids will never know

[Chorus]
Daddy what's a train? Is it something I can ride?
Does it carry lots of grown-up folks and little kids inside?
Is it bigger than our house? Well, how can I explain
When my little boy and girl ask me "Daddy what's a train?"

[Verse 2]
I guess the times have changed, kids are different now
Cause some don't even seem to know that milk comes from a cow
My little boy can tell the names of all the baseball stars
I remember how I memorized the names on railroad cars

The Wabash and the TP, Lackawanna, the IC
The Nickel Plate and the good old Santa Fe
Just names out of the past, I guess they're fading fast
Every time I hear my little boy say

[Chorus]
Daddy what's a train? Is it something I can ride?
Does it carry lots of grown-up folks and little kids inside?
Is it bigger than our house? Well, how can I explain
When my little boy and girl ask me "Daddy what's a train?"

[Verse 3]
We climbed into the car, drove down into town
Right up to the depot house, but no one was around
We searched the yard together for something I could show
But I knew there hadn't been a train for a dozen years or so

All the things I did when I was just a kid
How far away those memories appear
I guess it's plain to see they still mean a lot to me
Because my ambition was to be an engineer

[Chorus]
Daddy what's a train? Is it something I can ride?
Does it carry lots of grown-up folks and little kids inside?
Is it bigger than our house? Well, how can I explain
When my little boy and girl ask me "Daddy what's a train?"

[Verse 1: JaqueBeatz]
Just me and my brohams
Six or seven Lohans
They've been the shit cause these hoes got no plans
So I tell 'em ride skateboard with no hands
You would say I'm kidding but I'm on my grown man
She about the talk and show that's Conan
She a real bad bad beach with no sand
And I heard her best friend Kelly was rollin'
She Melissa but I call her Melly
She got them double D's ds but I said Netty
And that's the McFlat they ain't shitty twenty
And since she peanut butter she gon' shake her jelly
And you gon' like simmer yeah fucking jeddy I mean Jedi
Grammar's fucked up but I'm getting head I
Only know there's one more thing coming
Cuming pun intended in that

[Pre-Hook: JaqueBeatz]
Blond hair brunette red hair
Let's go to the back so 

[?]
We don't buy vowels we just stare at them again and
And again and again and again and
Again and again and again and again and
Again and again and again, knock on the
Door and you ask what we doin'
My brother not dope be influenced, but we got

[Hook: JaqueBeatz]
Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls, hey

Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls, hey

(B.o.B)
Ginny, Becky, Bridget, Kelly
Hella white girls on the tour bus (x2)
Hello white girls, hey

Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls, hey

[Interlude]
(Woah woah woah, oh shit it's a black girl)
(Hey!)

[Verse 2: Jake Lambo]
Uh, hello white girls on the tour bus
Hey I'm Jake how you doin'? Um
I just wanna hit like Ray Lewis
Swear her head so stupid young Jake get the 

[?]
Really I just wanna party like a rock star
Still gotta watch out for the cop cars
Girls just wanna have fun
That's why they wanna party with my squad
I'm 16 and they're looking like cougars
Said she wanna ride like Uber
Ask me how I feel I'm super
Hello white girls on the tour bus
Holly, Molly, Chrissy, Nicki
Becki, Whitney, turning up they
Smokin' and they're drinking, I don't
Drink but i'm just burning up

[Pre-Hook: Jake Lambo]
Tell me what you know about this
Tell me what you know about that
Nah you ain't on this bus
Nah we don't roll like that
Tell me who do it like us
Shawty gonna throw that back
Keep on taking them shots might make it to the pros like that
Keep on rolling them up they'll take you to the moon and back

[Hook]
Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls, hey

Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls, hey

Ginny, Becky, Bridget, Kelly
Hella white girls on the tour bus (x2)
Hello white girls, hey

Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)

[Interlude: B.o.B]
Shouts outs to Shawty Slim nigga

[Verse 3: B.o.B]
Go DJ (j) she brought a nigga weed in a gold briefcase (Uh)
Look like I just hit the whole sweepstakes (Uh)
She like girls too so we both teammates
If you too 

[?] here you go young Jake (What up?)
Do it for the homie for the home teams' sake (What up?)
Give a dope d leave her with the dope fiend face (What up?)
Old bud smelling like we on spring break (Phew)
Smells like teen spirit she sorority squad
On the spot roll some pot and her boots like doors we gon' knock (Uh)
Destroying that botch hear these balls
I'mma drop like I just been employed to iraq (Uh)
Sticking this sword through a sock (Uh)
It's a party of four we menage (Uh)
Plus she from Georgia but move to new york
With her momma she know how to pop

[Pre-Hook 3: B.o.B]:
Hello white girls right here, hello white girls right there
Hello white girls red hair brunette blond hair
She wanna be 

[?] rare
She wanna take me home somewhere on there on the country side
It's not cause she's white, it's what's inside
Sorry this stall is occupied
You know what my tour bus got inside? It's

[Hook: B.o.B]
Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls, hey

Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls, hey

Ginny, Becky, Bridget, Kelly
Hella white girls on the tour bus (x2)
Hello white girls, hey

Hella white girls on the tour bus (x3)
Hello white girls

[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
You thought it was gone, but it's on once again
Light up the chronic, while I take a couple of sips of the gin
Is it, is it Dre? (uh huh) If it, if it's you (uh huh)
Back on track as we roll like a 7-8 coupe
De Ville, you chill on the funk 'cause
Guess what? (What up?)
We still loccin' up
So those who oppose will get smacked up nicely
By the smooth macadamian who's awfully sheisty
Some thinking that I would switch, but I’m never to ever switch
Still clockin' the grip and I give a fuck about a bitch, baby
I gotta have it you see, and so does my diggy-dog
The motherfucking Doctor D-R-E

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre + Snoop Dogg]
I'm still Slauson
Cause I'm the boss and
Say they flossin'
Cause it’s costin'
Every baddest bitch who wants to get broke off
Thats how I do it, get into it
With the fluid, and I thought you knew it
Doing it like this and doing it like that
And, uh, when it comes to gats but I ain't have but no (?)
Why try to put up a fight when I can just grab my chrome and put it to your dome?
Only make ya day, so before you start a gang
Would you ask your stank about my bang of the slang
(The 1-5-1)
Cause that's what you're dealing with
My 9 double-m, that's what I kill 'em with
If you keep coming at the Doc like he's (crazy)
Fucking with Dre, you’ll be pushing up daisies
Niggas who talk shit really don't (faze me)
Cause ain't nothing but a 'G' thang (baby)

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Now Gs, not BGs, but OGs
"What about the women Snoop?" bitch, please
I ain't got time to be sucker for a ho
Even if she giving up dope
Yo ho, no
(Baby)
Your love is so out of reach
You must've forgot that I was born and raised in Long Beach
Where the hoes come a dime a dozen
You start fronting on the pussy then I fucked your cousin
I ain't buzzin'
I'mma get mine straight up
I'm still Doggy Dogg
Throwin' the pussy at a nigga like me
Cause I’m shakin' ‘em, bakin’ ‘em, takin’ ‘em, fakin’ ‘em
Making 'em brake they selves, G
And your pooh-butt nigga bet nine trips
So you know I got a grip on my shit
And I'll bust a cap if he approaches me
Just to let him see how a real motherfuckin' G
Can turn into murderer with just one switch
Die (?) for your ugly-ass bitch
Now you're put to rest and there's no coming back
As I go about my life just to show you where it's at
So get a glimpse of a pimp who kicks back
It's still like this and like that (Hell yeah)
And you say that I'm crazy
But ain't nuthin' but a 'G' thang baby

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
For one of forty-four ways
The motherfuckin' D-R-E is getting paid
Cause I fade, the shit's made, I lay real shit
Never let no motherfucker feel shit
That's something Dre can never deal with
I don't want no motherfuckin' bitches on my roster
Cross the road when you know we're gonna cross ya
You don't want no problems then
So get my motherfuckin' nuts (?) rocks (?)
So what's the deal?
As I reveal
The true feeling that I know you wanna feel
Still do it like a motherfuckin' nigga for life
If you flipping with your bitch then I'll be fucking your wife
They call me Dre but also the notorious (?)
Dre G, thats why I'm always holding my gun
Gun days that went months and soul blunts
That made it back fat
On top of that, they don't know where my stash at
Yo, so business was as usual
Ain't no trippin' because I know you know what I do to you
The O-N-E, the A-N-D-R-E
You'll never make it to tomorrow
If, you come at me like I'm crazy
Take a look at how the streets straight raised me
And how your whole motherfuckin' city plays me
Cause ain't nothing but a G thang (baby)

[Intro]
Yeah, ooh, Thugger
Yeah, Thugger
(We got London on da Track)

[Pre-Chorus]
Payin' attention, tragic for these bitches
You ever play with her, I'ma come with that cannon for this bitch
I bought her red bottoms, look how she's stuntin' on this bitch
I ain't DJ Drama but I got that cannon for this bitch

[Chorus]
And I'm ready to spray, spray, spray, spray it
I said I'm ready to spray it, hey
On God I'll spray it
I swear to God I'll spray it
I swear to God, I swear to God, I swear to God, I swear to God

[Post-Chorus]
Know she got me high
She look like Nicki Minaj
Her body ain't got no scars

[Verse 1]
I swear she ridin' round that bitch
Ridin' on that, grindin' on that dick
She pullin' on a nigga's skin, woah
She told me this shit straight up like a pole
Cookin' with no clothes
I'm drinkin' Actavis, I'm drinking Act
Bad pussy, she on that
She want me to cover her face just like a wrap
She work for FADER, her old boyfriend rap, hey
Met her in 901
Got a whole lot of guns, gon' pull up on a nigga like
What the fuck a nigga doin'?
Free Unfoonk, live from the fuckin' zoo
Catch a nigga's bitch playin' Na na na-boo
I just want me a new coupe with no roof
I don't wanna talk, I'm so ready to prove
To you that you're 

[?]

[Chorus]
And I'm ready to spray, spray, spray, spray it
I said I'm ready to spray it, hey
On God I'll spray it
I swear to God I'll spray it
I swear to God, I swear to God, I swear to God, I swear to God

[Bridge]
And I'm ready for war and I hope you're ready for war
I hope that you ready to see spaghetti
I know that you're ready, I swear I hope that you're ready
I hope you're ready

[Verse 2]
Man, I'm pullin' up with this shit
Mama mia, I need quesadillas, I'm here
Nigga pull up like you a foe, check out the Kia
Takin' ice, game end up at Magic
Remy, keep her hair did, never finish
Bitches envy
How many times I have to tell you they ain't your friends?
Believe it or not, they wanna be in your position
Fill up on Wock
Buy me a big old piece of weed
Pour a four, now I can't go to sleep
Thuggin' in these streets
If I'm lyin', I'm flyin'

[Chorus]
And I'm ready to spray, spray, spray, spray it
I said I'm ready to spray it, hey
On God I'll spray it
I swear to God I'll spray it
I swear to God, I swear to God, I swear to God, I swear to God

[DC Young Fly]
Ay B.o.B. man look man dis' DC Young Fly man. Ay man, what the hell goin' on man? I'm here and your ass goddamn keep flyin' around the goddamn country.Yeah, I see you doing big thangs man but look, I still need my No Genre shirt man

Goddamn bruh, this shit A1 

[?] you gotta fuck with me. And every time you go out man, and you fly acoss the world man, ay look I'm goin witchu. I know your ass right there too and my ass be right there riding south with so you know, I be having conenct flight so. I'mma get there, I might not there the same day but I'mma get there my nigga

So look man fuck with me man, call my phone man, goddamn nigga. Fuck you mean?

[Intro]
Uh huh, Rob Got Beats on the beat
We Ready? Yeah
Man this like one of my favorite Beyonce songs, man
What up though, Bey? Yeah
Sean Don

[Verse]
Man, this one for the ones who hold me down so we forever on the rise
Long as I got charts, it's never me, myself & I
Straight up, champagne
Man this one for the ones who cop the album and they ain't need a receipt
All the internet plumbers, you know looking for the leaks
Been trying to find middle ground, like yellow lines in the street
This show is just getting started, don't worry man take a seat
I got mom and bro around like whats better than the family
Did a show at House of Blues that shit was better than the Grammy's
On the phone with my dad trying to handle whats out of hand
Reminiscing we used to play 5-on-5, no hand to hands (ballin)
Funny man what all those times meant to us
Girls ask me why they call me big, that shit ambiguous
Rappers who was killin shit, lately I can't feel that shit
Ya'll used to didn't feel my shit and now ya'll like "you hear this shit?"
Detroit niggas, say whats up doe, where I be
Fresh as my nigga IB, what up to Don C
The most improved player, watch me turn that I to a V
On my third LP but by the time its IV
That's the fourth, don't be surprised if I'm in first with high leads
We came a long way from having hands together like God Please
Do I really gotta emphasize, my mind spaced out
Yeah I call that bitch the enterprise
I hop up on the song with Em, Jay, and K, watch me hold my own
Bitch it's Sean
Verses standing out like it close at 10 o'clock and its 10:05
Oh boy, I spit that spiritual
Yeah I'm the underdog but Underdog was a superhero too
And my city going through hell, they need a miracle too
You're more about showing off, I'm more about show and prove
Ya'll braggin about so and so, like "Oh, he really it?
The new nigga in rap? Well, can he really spit?"
Or do he just hide behind his skits like half of these rappers do
And then ya'll fucking go and praise him and his bitch like they savior of this shit
I'm like "Aw, man. Here we go"
I'm not the same man I was a year ago
I learned that life could be a merry-go
Moving at a stand still is the scenario
I also learned some girls can fit the stereotype if they got a stereo
Crazy what a cold bitch'll do for palm trees
Type that can't hold my hand even if they palm read
Got a good girl at home, yeah that's all me
I gave my number out on the outro I'm like "call me", real nigga
Since they cut my umbilical, I pass weed in my physical
Yeah my woman is vegan, she got my ass trying different food
I got her listenin to music that she wouldn't listen to
Got her vibin to Nas, she like "Man, This what I been missin, boo?"
I'ma do what I didn't do, all the ridicule is just fuel
I'ma take this little profit, I gotta flip it, no reciprocal
Nigga, fuck open arms, nigga open the safe
Respect in this bitch like  a gun on my waist
Rappin like I got a gun in my face
I treat my life like I be runnin a race
Supa Dupa flow, up up and away
You at the top, well I'm on the way
I'ma come for your spot then I cum in your face
I been trying to make I gotta have it to a habit
Addicted to the mathematics, I'ma add-it addict
Beware of the niggas who abandon when your shit was abandoned
But there for the mansion
Then hit after hit after hit
Somebody tell me what's the fuckin batting average
Dark Sky Paradise, you niggas can have it
Clique rainin so hard, you can white water raft it

[Outro]
Man, we just fucking around, man
Just off the top, on the spot, just fuckin around
We was in three different cities today, man
Shout out to my old team
Man, we been going hard as fuck
My nigga Xeno, Mike Carcen, DJ Mo Beats, waddup doe
Amir, Key Wayne, Earl Mac, Dark Sky Paradise shit man
Boogie waddup doe
Hey the album out tomorrow, man I can't believe this shit
I can't believe it
Hey waddup doe Detroit
Man waddup doe to my family, my friends, my fans
I do this for ya'll
We put our hearts into this shit
My boys damn near gone
I don't know its like 5 in the morning
We ain't slept in fuckin days
We do this from the heart man
And we did out our way
Boss up, it's time to get it, yeah
Countin blessings over money
Straight up

[Hook: Jake Lambo & B.o.B]

[Jake Lambo]
Yeah mama, your boy made it
I know you told me them pussy niggas would hate it
Ice skatin' in the old school Mercedes
I hit her once not she want to have my babies

[B.o.B]
And you know what's on your mind I can show you how to grind
It happened overtime, over-over-time
And you know what's on my mind, I can show you how to grind (Moolah)
I got moolah on my mind, moolah on my mind (Bobby!)

[Verse 1: B.o.B, Jake Lambo and JaqueBeatz]

[B.o.B]
Well if it's two things, living life has taught me
One niggas ain't shit, two bitches ain't shit
And they say I'm a pothead, I guess I got potholes
Now it's off to where we go, oh hi Ohio!

[Jake Lambo]
It's all temporary right
That's what I'm telling myself
I had the city on smash I was smelling myself
Blunt is stinkin', still love brain no pinky (Woah)
I'm close to getting that glacier on my pinky, oh

[JaqueBeatz]
Pinky minute miney-mo'
Pulling head that's Heidi hoe
I refuse to hide a hoe, huh
Slide through sliding doors, huh
She yours I ain't know, woah
No Genre repo, huh
Trying not to be poor, dressed in
All white in 

[?]

[B.o.B.]
Yo, and this is the Genesis
So roll up the exodus
Living like Leviticus
Deuteronomy
Numbers boost the economy, yeah
And I give your bitch a lobotomy

[Hook]

[Verse 2: B.o.B., Jake Lambo and JaqueBeatz]

[Jake Lambo]
They fuckin' with us everywhere, no love in these streets
We never celebrate February, we never see Cupid that thing we stupid
My nigga Maine just hit the slammer I'm prayin'
A whole month before he hit the stand goddamn

[JaqueBeatz]
Ain't no heart in the concrete jungle though
Heartbreak been through a million of those
My ice cold, my heart cold
(Now my ice) she my side whore
Now my wife, that my fist ball
Roll the dice, 

[?] JaqueBeatz lay the pipe
They say damn Jaque life is nice and I say mhm yep, yep

[B.o.B.]
From this step to the next step
From this jet to the next jet
I'll get the check before I take it off call it pre-check
She got deep thoughts and a deep neck
She bust it open like C-sect
I'm from the south she get sea sick
Call me Big Boi, stay with 3 Stacks, bang

[Jake Lambo]
It's Goodie Mob but younger, I mean it's really strict in the numbers
They were sleeping on me shook em out the slumber, bitch get up
Stackin' pancakes trying to get my Benz quick up
Good head till she hiccup (*hiccup*)

[Hook]

[Intro]
(KE on the Track)
(Scotty ATL: Bob what up man?)
(B.o.B: What's up fool?)
(Scotty ATL: thse niggas out here hustlin' for a 

[?])
(Scotty ATL: You know I don't really fuck with these niggas right?
(B.o.B: Fuck 'em)
(B.o.B: Talk' to em) (x3)
(Scotty ATL: Real nigga ain't never for the hustle for the 

[?])
(Scotty ATL: Real nigga ATL)

[Verse 1: Scotty ATL]
Two three times had to fall on my face
And you supposed to be a nigga I can trust
You ain't never pulled at a real nigga fall I recall
You just schemin' on the niggas in your own in the circle you were
Lying on the internet, putting nigga lame
Talking real shit niggas ain't real
You just trying to 

[?] nigga I can feel
Told 'em I ain't fucking with these niggas I'mma focus on my own shit
Cool Club for life, had the 

[?] on
Kanye, getting fucked by all that
Finna turn like car keys (turn up), with a
Bad bitch, and a cup full of Cognac

[?] this a carjack, I be
Ridin' like a motherfucking 

[?] valet
With the Swiss full of 

[?], yeah I
Need that, these niggas on my last nerve
Who you trying to impress, you be trickin' 

[?]
Yeah niggas ain't ball like
We can can see it on your IG, you be
Tryin' too hard you don't even live your own life
Getting line like a 

[?], take over time
Give me head like MJ
Post a clip on OJ
R.i.p my nigga OJ, they ain't know

[Hook]
Man I don't really fuck with these niggas
Man I don't really fuck with these niggas
I don't really fuck with these niggas I don't
Fuck with these niggas, man I don't really
Fuck with these niggas
Man I don't really fuck with these niggas
I don't really fuck with these niggas i don't
Fuck with these nigass, man I don't really
Fuck with these niggas

[Verse 2: Scotty ATL]
Show a nigga love he get shitted on (Shitted on)
Man Hollywood, now I ball like fuck 'em
Me and cut the tees out the top of the colored 

[?]
See me they can see me hold a mothefucking 

[?]
XXL even complex, no radio
On tour getting good dough
Meeting tightwads, I don't know about the pudding but
They don't know about hood though
Give a foot long, I'm just tryin' to get the long bread
Get some ass out my 

[?]
In the 

[?], chasing paper like a maniac
Man we struggle way too long
Want a lambo, just to ride wanna feel like
Ace 

[?] on a good park
And the good lord, help me blow up help me getting rich
Help me make it real real far
Know just one thing, niggas act like they wanna see
They just wanna see take outs
Never for them, so I grind i ain't letting off
I ain't taking no days off
We were cool with them, but they were hating I can feel it
They were hating I can feel it
I'mma make 'em look bad, jealous heart at that boy
Watch a real nigga kill it

[Hook]

[Verse 3: B.o.B]
Man I feel like fuck these niggas
I ain't really feeling near one of these niggas
I'm worldwide boy you just a one street nigga
MLB ballin' Barry Bond league hitters
I ain't got I ain't got no handout for these niggas
But lyrically I'mma make examples out of niggas
They gon' fuck around and put Atlanta out a nigga
You ain't got to tell I whip the lambo out on niggas
Yeah catch heat make a camel out of niggas
They gon' swear they got the Rambo out the ghetto
What the fuck you fantasize a nigga
It ain't real beef unless they pullin' ammo out of niggas
How can niggas even think they on my level (On my level)
When they're too many niggas thinking on my level (All over)
Take a minute nigga think of something clever
If it's numbers to this shit I"m going meta
I won't say I'm a vet, just somewhere between the best
And ahead of the rest, next level finesse
Heavy metal possessed
Bullshit to my right, pool pit to my left
That ain't neither here nor there, nevertheless
Just tell your friend bring a lighter and song
Both my eyes low like Cheech and Chong
Bobby Ray Bands in your camera phone
If I ain't on your TV boy you got the channel wrong

[Hook]

[Outro: Scotty ATL]
Yeah what it do man it's your boy Scotty ATL man checkin' in one time, you know what I'm sayin'? Man shout out to niggas out there geting the motherfuckin' money man you know? Y'all niggas say No Jan-re, we say No Genre, you feel me? Where we from that A-Town and you know what I'm talkin' 'bout so we just talk like that. No Genre nigga not No Jan-re. Get that shit right, fool. Scotty ATL Cool Club, what's happening? Turn up in this bitch man, leggo

[Intro: Lin-Z]
(Woo, Yeah, All Right, All right)

[Verse 1: Lin-Z]
I'mma make you hit the dance floor with this one
Don't got a man but you better get one
Girl, pick it up and make it go low
Put it on him good, gotta make him wine fo' it
Hands in the air if you're getting to the money
Middle of the party and I'm bizzin' like honey
Dude at the bar so smooth like butter
Ass like woah, yeah, word to your mother

[Pre-Hook: London Jae]
With a song like this, don't it make you wanna dance?
Get out your seat and grab a hand, don't be afraid to take a chance
When it feel like this, don't it put you in the mood?
Right foot, left foot, just feel the groove
Put your hands in the air, get in the mood

[Hook: London Jae]
In the air (move yo body, move yo body)
In the air (move yo body, move yo body)
In the air (move yo body)
(Till you're grabbin' on the clouds)
In the air
In the air (hands up, hands up)
In the air (hands up, hands up)
Till you're grabbin' on the clouds
In the air

[Verse 2: B.o.B]
Aye, cameras pop, look at who just throw the show
Got they' hands up in the air, wave my chad 

[?'
Rappers lookin' like my sons, got more kids than Shawty Lo
If they want a grind game, I do more than tie the scope
I've been smokin' so long, I bring swishas by the boat
Your bitch choosin' so hard, eenie meenie miney moe
Would've thought I was in court, the way she noticed me
Money grown, guess that's why I bought the older me
High for so long, I don't recognize the sober me
Pourin' out weed, my definition of poetry
No Genre the label, recognized globally, ha
You're only poppin' if it's locally
My hittas tussed up the night
With the snub, in case you get it fucked up tonight
But I can't lie, man, I love this life
I hold my team down, but we goin' up tonight, the label

[Pre-Hook]

[Hook 2: London Jae]
In the air (put yo hands in the air)
In the air (put yo hands in the air)
In the air
Till you're grabbin' on the clouds
In the air (put yo hands in the air)
In the air (put yo hands in the air)
In the air
Till you're grabbin' on the clouds
In the air

[Verse 3: Lin-Z & B.o.B]

[Lin-Z]
All the sexy ladies in the house tonight
All try to get it right tonight
Hands in the air all night tonight
Damn, I'm lookin' out of sight tonight, I'm alright tonight
By the boss with the squad, we flexin'
Two steppin', we reppin', VIP section
Young and restless, swag on fleek, givin' lessons
Class in session

[B.o.B]
And I'm the professor, so are there any questions?
She said come and get this work, I gave her extra credit
Only the best get accepted, therefore they extra jealous
Used to sneak on campus, battling freshmen
Summa cum laude, dorm room shawty
Hit a cheerleader with a porn move shawty
And I don't know what loser sound like
But I know what good music sound like when it sound like this, bitch

[Pre-Hook]

[Hook 2]

[Outro]
(Ok, well)
Till you grabbin on the clouds in the air
Well, till you grabbin' on the clouds in the air
Y'all gon' turn the lights on and be naked

[Intro: George Clinton]
Yeah, this is a story about a famous dog
Doggy Dogg that is
That smooth macadamian, a.k.a Silky Slim
Back in the motherfuckin' house for nine-trey
Why must he be like that?
Why would any other dog hit it from the back?
It's in his nature, it's Doggystyle baby

[Hook 1: Jewell]
(Oh I, oh I) It's Doggystyle (oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh) Doggystyle (I)
Doggystyle, it's Doggystyle
(Oh I, oh I) Yeah it's Doggystyle (oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh)
It's Doggystyle yay (I)

[Verse 1]
It's like tonight is the night by Betty Wright
It's my first piece of ass and it's awfully tight
But I'm still finna handle my business like a dog
Fading that pussy, yes y'all
So lay back baby girl, and take a trip with me
I got the drink on deck, so take a sip with me
Drip with me, while I swing my thang
Reminiscing 'bout the first time Doggy Dogg came

[Hook 2: Jewell, (George Clinton)]
It's time to take you motherfuckas down memory lane
(Memory lane, memory lane, Doggystyle)
It's time to take you motherfuckas down memory lane
(Down memory lane, Doggystyle)
Oh I, oh I, oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh (yeah) I (yeah, Doggystyle)
Oh I, oh I, (yeah) oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh (yeah, Doggystyle) I (Doggystyle)

[Verse 2]
It was a hot sunny day in the month of May
I'm next door to the house with my homie J
Instead of being at school, I'd rather ditch and shit
Cause at one-forty-five I got a bitch to get with
Even though I'm young, I'm kind of real good
With working my thang to get a bitch sprung
She glimpsing in the mirror and shit
'Cause once I'm in it from the back all I'm hearing and shit is

[Bridge: Jewell]
Once you get near, the pussy gets clearer
(I can see it)
I will do things to blow your socks off
(I can feel it)
Once you get near, the pussy gets clearer
(Doggystyle, Doggystyle)
I will do things to blow your socks off
(Yeah)

[Verse 3]
A little something for the bitches that's down with me
Keep it low as you creep and get around with me
Don't be afraid like Aaron Hall
You know you want to fuck your nigga Doggy Dogg
Have you ever had your pearl tongue licked and shit?
While your nigga's in the county and you eating a dick
The position I'm fishing and wishing for
Is doing it Doggystyle, bitches blow

[Hook 3: Jewell]
Oh I, oh I (oh yeah), oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh
(Doggystyle, doing it Doggystyle) I (do it Doggystyle)
Oh I, oh I (oh let me feel it), oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh
(I can see it, I can see it) I
Oh I, oh I, oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh
(Doggystyle) I (Doing it Doggystyle)
Oh I, oh I, oh-o-o-o-oh (doing it Doggystyle), uh oh oh-o-oh I
(oh yeah, I can see it)
Oh I, oh I (oh I want to feel it), oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh I
(doing it Doggystyle, I want to do it)
Oh I, oh I (I can feel it) oh-o-o-o-oh, uh oh oh-o-oh I
(doing it Doggystyle, I want to taste it)

[Outro: Jewell]
Snoop Doggy Dogg, won't you hit it from the back?
I like it like that
Doggystyle, Doggystyle
Won't you do it
Won't you do it Doggystyle
Won't you, one-two, won't you
Give me love, that pussy get near it
Won't you hit it from the back
Snoop Doggy Dogg
I heard you do it, do it all the time
I heard you doing it, doing it Doggystyle
And with the Dogpound
Yeah
(Doing it Doggystyle)
Givin' them bitches what they want
Serving them hoes, but you don't love them hoes
I'll tell them some more
That you're doing it, doing it, Doggystyle
Oh yes
Baby
Ain't no- ain't not- ain't nothin' but a G-thang
Baby
Do it Doggystyle for the nine-trey
With Dr. Dre
Yeah, doing it Doggystyle
Doing it, doing it, Doggystyle
Yeah
Live Studio Noise

[Hook] (x2)
These niggas ain't your friend
These niggas just be fakin'
These niggas just pretend
These niggas just be fakin'

[Verse 1: Jake Lambo & B.o.B]

[Jake Lambo]
No these niggas ain't real, they're fakin' and I can tell it
I know what it is, they're talkin shit I can smell it like oh what a stench
Acting like you be ballin boy you on a bench
Told him if I do nothing then I'm getting rich
Keeping my circle small these niggas counterfeit
I'm talented it ain't no
These people trying to get closer the more that I'm getting known
They really in it pretending I thought I should let you know that

[B.o.B]
These niggas be fakin', these niggas be fakin'
You was doin' it big, they was fucking your lady
In your house on your bed, y'all used to get bread
But when it all went south, they left you for dead
Turns out the plug was crooked, dropping dimes for he fedds
He took your half of the money, left you with all of the debt
By sitting down at the table, walking out on the check
You put your neck on the line, they put their foot on your neck
They fool with everyody, they be with everybody crew and everybody posse
Who the fuck keep inviting these niggas to every party, i'm talking every party
They ain't never got a room but be at every lobby, damn

[Hook] (x2)

[Verse 2: JaqueBeatz]
They ain't your friend, they ain't your homie
Especially when the convo starts off with this nigga 

[?]
Or they all up in your pockets to see what you're holding
They're in the way like who the fuck here made this nigga goalie, woah
But I ain't worried I ain't in a hurry
Everybody doing shit for show I'll go and make it blurry
When I got the title on my belt I go and make the curry
Everybody wonder how i did it when not even jury figured
How I buried you underground, go smile with another clown
Solitary plans, solitary as I look around
And noticed that these niggas like to k-k-kick you when you're down
But the tables turn around when they cry for help don't make a sound
Now they gon' learn how

[Hook] (x2)
Chorus

Steel rails chasin' sunshine round the bend
Windin' through the trees like a ribbon in the wind
I don't mind not knowin' what lies down the track
Cause I'm lookin' out ahead to keep my mind from turnin' back

Verse 1

It's not the first time I find myself alone at dawn
If I really had you once then I'd still have you when I'm gone
Whistle blowin', blowin' lonesome in my mind
Callin' me along that never endin' double line

Chorus

Steel rails chasin' sunshine round the bend
Windin' through the trees like a ribbon in the wind
I don't mind not knowin' what lies down the track
Cause I'm lookin' out ahead to keep my mind from turnin' back
Verse 2

The sun is shinin' through the open boxcar door
Lyin' in my mind with the things I known before
And I've lost count of the hours and days and time
Just the rhythm of the rails keeps the motion in my mind

Chorus

Steel rails chasin' sunshine round the bend
Windin' through the trees like a ribbon in the wind
I don't mind not knowin' what lies down the track
Cause I'm lookin' out ahead to keep my mind from turnin' back

Cause I'm lookin' out ahead to keep my mind from turnin' back

[Intro]
Bring me like halfway through the intro

Throwing, throwing 20s all night
Throwing 20s all night, ohhh

[Hook: B.o.B]
Throwing 20s all night
I believe in you girl
Yeah I'm feeling all right
So put the weed in the air
Throwing 20s all night
My nigga got the zip my other
Nigga got the pint, bitches to my right
They said they feeling all right
So put the weed in the air

[Verse 1: Scotty ATL]
Goose got me feeling like insulin
And it pay here with 

[?]
And I vouch for that I get stupid high
No bitches love attitude
But that's why though my nigga watch
She'll love them presidents she'll turn around
Then watch it drop, yeah man she make it drop
Doing ass cheeks like basketball
Palmin' that shit, she like a thug
She finna roll on my drawls
She never talk about love, it's understood
She pop the bottles in clubs
Stealin' get hit with the 20s I'm feeling so good
All of my niggas with me I run with in the hood
Roll up that good throwing

[Hook]

[Verse 1: B.o.B & London Rae]

[B.o.B]
I get so fucking high I could eat a star
Walking on the ceiling like a side walk
Whole room in it like it's bow legged
Top floor looking like a 

[?] dorm room
This ain't Community what
But she about to communion my floor
And if you start running your mouth, bitch
You would do the community good, that's right

[London Rae]
Wishing 

[?] buy shopping sprees in Milan hoe
What you know about a nigga throwing 20s all on you
Till you buried knee deep in the money fire the weed up
Triple cup full of ice hoe I'm leaned up
King of diamonds man, so shit so shake that
Ass and titties get nasty with it
The thing about it since the day I met you
Finna murder that pussy, get to scratching

[Hook]

[Intro]
We're livin' in a gold bar (Runnin' to the right law)
Duckin' in the trap (Duckin' in the trap)
Livin' in a group (Livin' in a group)
Watchin' TV (Watchin' TV)
Dedicated to the homies in the pen, hit me

[Verse 1]
(Hey, hey, hey)
Uh, this is a word premiere, this is a world premiere
(Hey, hey)
Uh, I done been through a whole lot
Trial, tribulation, but I know God
The Devil want to put me in a bow-tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry, yeah, yeah
As I look around me
So many motherfucker want to down me
But an amigo never drowned me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me

[Hook]
And I love myself
Ho, when you're lookin' at me, uh, I tell me, "What do you see?"
I love myself
Ah, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
I love myself
Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy, it ain't that high
I love myself
Uh, one day at a time sun gon' shine

[Verse 2]
Everybody lookin' at you crazy (Crazy)
What you gon' do? (What you gon' do?)
Lift up your head and keep movin'? (Keep movin'?)
Or let the paranoia haunt you (Haunt you)
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confident
Everybody lack confident
How many time my potential was anonymous?
How many time the city makin' me promises?
So I promise this, huh

[Hook]
I love myself
When you're lookin' at me, I tell me, "What do you see?"
I love myself
Ah, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
I love myself
Uh, illuminated hands of God, boy, don't seem shy
I love myself
One day at a time sun gon' shine

[Verse 3]
Want to say it's a war outside, bomb in the street
Gun in the hood, mob of police
Rock on the corner with a line for the fiend
And a bottle full of lean and a model on a scheme
(These days of frustration keep y'all on tuck and rotation)
Aw, man, I duck these cold faces, post a fee-fi-fo-fum basis
Uh, dreams of reality's peace
Blow steam in the face of the beast
Sky can fall down, the wind can cry now
Strong in me, I still smile

[Hook]
I love myself
Uh, when you're lookin' at me, uh, I tell me, "What do you see?"
I love myself
Ah, I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the police
I love myself
Uh, illuminated by the hand of God, boy, don't be shy
I love myself
One day at a time sun gon' shine
Everybody, hit me

[Bridge]
Walk my bare feet (Walk my bare feet)
Down, down valley deep (Down, down valley deep)
Fee-fi-fo-fum (Fee-fi-fo-fum)
My heart undone (My heart undone)

[Interlude]
Aw, man, ay, check this out
It's a real Compton thing goin' on right now
You feel what I'm talkin' 'bout? You dig that?
Sometime I just feel a little bit b-beside myself
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
This here's the return of Enoch
And we gon' do it to y'all like this
Here we go, one, two, three, hit me

[Hook]
I love myself
The world is a ghetto with big guns and Dickies signs
I love myself
But it can do what it want whenever it want and I don't mind
I love myself
He said I got to get up, life is more than suicide
I love myself
One day at a time, the sun gon' shine

[Verse 4]
I went to war last night with an automatic weapon
Don't nobody call a medic
I'm a do it 'til I get it right, war last night
I've been dealin' with depression
Duckin' every other blessin', I can never see the message
I could, I could never take the lead, never bob and weave
Negative is lettin' them annihilate me
Evident I'm movin' at a meteor speed
Finna run into a buildin' there
Money in the ceilin', lay my body in the street
Pass me to the buildin' of the holy unseen
Pass me to the feelin' of the holy unseen
Seen enough, make a everybody scream, "I love myself"

[Bridge]
I lost my head
I must've misread what the good book said
Oh, woes be me, it's a jungle inside
Give myself again 'til the well runs dry

[Interlude]
YG, chicken wings, I love myself
I love myself, I love myself
Aw, man, ay, ay, homie
I told you it's straight up a Compton thing
You dig what I'm talkin' about?
And this here's dedicated to the homies
Y'all feel what I'm sayin'?
Sometimes I just get besides myself
The return of the Enoch is back
You hear what I'm talkin' 'bout?

[Verse 5]
Uh, I've been lookin' for you my whole life
Appetite for the feelin' I can barely describe
Where you reside?
In a woman, is it in money or mankind?
Something's got me losin' my mind
Where you at? From the front to the back
I'm lookin' for you, I react only when you react
I thought I found you back in the ghetto
When I was seventeen with the dirtiest pistol
Maybe you're in a dollar bill, maybe you're not real
Maybe only the wealthy get to know how you feel
Maybe I'm paranoid, ha, maybe I don't need you anyway
Don't lie to me, I'm suicidal any day
I could be your advocate
I could speak for you if you tell me what the matter is
I could preach for you with the mighty tongue
I'm the one, how can I overcome
Negative energy, more like infinity, and survive?

[Chorus]
Turn your face towards the sun
Let the shadows fall behind you
Don't look back, just carry on
And the shadows will never find you
Turn your face towards the sun
Let the shadows fall behind you
Don't look back, just carry on
And the shadows will never find you

[Verse 1]
Lost in the rock and roll
Got lost in a promise of a love I'd never know (Ooh)
Shadows chased me far from home
I remember when my heart was filled with gold (Ooh)

[Pre-Chorus]
And you know
I've been burned, I've been burned, I've been burned
You've seen me lose control
It's not worth, it's not worth, it's not worth my soul

[Chorus]
Turn your face towards the sun
Let the shadows fall behind you
Don't look back, just carry on
And the shadows will never find you

[Verse 2]
Lost my faith and trust
You and I know gold don't turn to rust (Ooh-ooh)
I still swear that we can reign
Like the kings and queens of better yesterdays (Ooh-ooh)

[Pre-Chorus]
Don't you know
I've been burned, I've been burned, I've been burned
You've seen me lose control
It's not worth, it's not worth, it's not worth my soul

[Chorus]
Turn your face towards the sun
Let the shadows fall behind you
Don't look back, just carry on
And the shadows will never find you

[Bridge]
Where you gonna go?
Where you gonna go?
Where you gonna run to, when you get to the edge of the night?
Its time you face the sky, ooh

[Breakdown]
Turn your face towards the sun
Let the shadows fall behind you
Don't look back, just carry on
And the shadows will never find you

[Chorus]
Turn your face towards the sun
Let the shadows fall behind you
Don't look back, just carry on
And the shadows will never find you

[Outro]
Turn your face towards the sun
Let the shadows fall behind you

[Refrain]
I need you now
Read letters that I wrote on the wall
And the message that I left on my car
I need you now
Words that said drowned out by the rain
Waiting there for you, but you never came
My world's a little colder now
But I'm keeping warm somehow

[Chorus]
So here you are at my window
Guess nobody told you
I don't need you, don't need you
And I waited, so frustrated
Who's gonna hold you?
I don't need you, don't need you now

[Refrain]
I need you now
Words I heard you whispered to me
And we will walk you down a one-way street
You need me now
That's what you've been telling my friends
But i'd come too far to go back there again
My heart, my mind, my mother's a chain
Your mind as well forget my name

[Chorus]
So here you are at my window
Guess nobody told you
I don't need you, don't need you
And I waited, so frustrated
Who's gonna hold you?
I don't need you, don't need you now

[Bridge]
I need you now
Read letters that I wrote on the wall
And the message that I left on my car

[Chorus]
So here you are at my window
Guess nobody told you
I don't need you, don't need you
And I waited, so frustrated
Who's gonna hold you?
I don't need you now

[Outro]
And I'm not what you want
I won't wonder where you are
I won't dream a thousand stars
I don't need you now
I don't need you by the rain
And I never heard you say
I need you, I need you
I don't need you now
Don't need you
I don't need you now

[Intro]
Hmm, hmm
Hmm

[Refrain]
Here I go, here I go
Feel better now, feel better now
Here I go, here I go
It's better now, feel better now

[Verse 1]
Do you remember when we fell under
Did you expect me to reason with thunder
I still remember when time was frozen
What seemed forever was just a moment

[Pre-Chorus]
Hurry up, hurry up
There's no more waiting
We're still worth saving

[Chorus]
Feel the light
Shining in the dark of night
Remember what we forgot
I know it's a long shot
But we're bringing it all back
We're bringing it all back
Feel the light
Shining like the stars tonight
Remember what we forgot
I know it's a long shot
But we're bringing it all back
We're bringing it all back

[Refrain]
Here I go, here I go
Feel better now, feel better now
Here I go, here I go
It's better now, feel better now

[Verse 2]
I still remember when things were broken
But put together the cracks we'll close in

[Pre-Chorus]
Hurry up, hurry up
There's no more waiting
We're still worth saving

[Chorus]
Feel the light
Shining in the dark of night
Remember what we forgot
I know it's a long shot
But we're bringing it all back
We're bringing it all back
Feel the light
Shining like the stars tonight
Remember what we forgot
I know it's a long shot
But we're bringing it all back
We're bringing it all back

[Bridge]
You and I can have it all tonight
So let's bring it back to life
Now we have another chance to fly
Another chance to make it right

[Chorus]
Feel the light
Shining in the dark of night
Remember what we forgot
I know it's a long shot
Feel the light
Shining like the stars tonight
Remember what we forgot
I know it's a long shot
But we're bringing it all back
We're bringing it all back

[Refrain]
Here we go, here we go
Feel better now, feel better now
Here we go, here we go
It's better now, feel better now

[Verse 1]
Your perfect photographs on the wall
And if I know you, you're okay
I don't wanna dance anymore
I don't wanna sing anymore
I don't wanna dance anymore
We used to sing

[Pre-Chorus]
I thought I'd be okay 'til I hit that floor
I thought I'd be fine 'til I needed more
I thought I'd be okay 'til I hit that floor
Oh, I need more, I need more, I need more, I need more

[Chorus]
I thought my life would get easier
Instead it's getting harder, instead it's getting harder
I thought my life would get easier
Instead it's darker, instead it's getting colder
Without you

[Verse 2]
My life's a book of short stories
And we wrote a new one everyday
I don't understand anymore
You don't love me anymore
I don't understand anymore and I can't think

[Pre-Chorus]
I thought I'd be okay 'til I hit that floor
I thought I'd be fine 'til I needed more
I thought I'd be okay 'til I hit that floor
Oh, I need more, I need more, I need more, I need more

[Chorus]
I thought my life would get easier
Instead it's getting harder, instead it's getting harder
I thought my life would get easier
Instead it's darker, instead it's getting colder
Without you

[Outro]
Why can't I let you go?
Why can't I let you go?
Hate you, I wanted to hate you, I wanted to hate you, I wanted to hate you
Hate you, I wanted to hate you, I wanted to hate you, I wanted to hate you

[Chorus]
I thought my life would get easier
Instead it's getting harder, instead it's getting harder
I thought my life would get easier
Instead it's darker, instead it's getting colder
Without you
Without you
Without you
Without you
Without you
What’s your motives, ho?
I only trust these bitches ‘bout as far as I can throw ‘em
Tryna pay my mama's rent, figured that’s just what I owe her
I been trouble since I tumbled out that stroller
Strolling easy down this narrow path, beefing with your scary ass
‘Preme got my little niggas cheesing off the cherry
And nigga that’s a great bunch, Papa Swamp is stomping with the skate fucks
Heavy-handing tracks until the day the fucking train comes
Raised up, when he ‘bout to speak the truth he ???
Peep the evening news, my nigga, we don’t do the same stuff
??? before I’m jogging 'round these bases
Niggas' bitches need to change
Separated from my main one
It’s just another day, another nigga's bitch got face fucked
I’ve been like this since the Motorola RAZR
What a bastard that baby was, little mad nigga miss his dad, never praying much
Right around the same time his grandmama drank a bunch
Take the bus, take a nigga’s seat like he was paying for me
I got this nigga Dash with me, he sippin’ on some make-believe
I’m only happy when it’s static in the air, ‘cause the fair weather's fake to me
Living in the scope, hairs crossed like adjacent streets
Dare  a nigga to think he sweet
Never bitches, funny, boy you berries and you honey for the bears 

[?]
Run a nigga's pockets like some errands, make it hasty
Hope the sheriff keep away from me

[Verse]
Smoke somethin', yeah I desire another blunt
Get 'em lit and keep 'em fired like Donald Trump
Back of the 'Lac, ?slash? the trunk gotta dump-
Speakers on Hercules pockets on Professor Klump
Fuck y'all, I'm riding until the muffler drags
Slap a bitch silly put a milli in my duffle bag
Hustle back, growlin' like a wolf that's on Wall Street
Mink on my floorboards, ostrich on my car seats
And the steering wheel I paid a couple G's for it
Dashboard lookin' like a chopped down a tree for it
Lumberjack with tracks got yo girl on her back
Keep dimes with me like a nigga sellin sacks-
I'm trapped
In between a rock and a hard place
Smokin' a Cohiba in the tub like I'm Scarface
Me that's who, bitch I'm a renegade-
Old school Chevy breakin' speeds on the interstate
New school rappers spit a verse getting choked up
Backwards ass niggas takin' shots then they post up
Me I'm shooting threes from the N-C-double-A line
Burn like these niggas vampires in the daytime
Last Boy Scout last real nigga reppin'
What's three strikes to a third-time felon
?Nathan? all you rappers subliminal when you say thangs
Playing on these tracks and get hit by a freight train

[Pre-Hook: Rich Homie Quan]
Love no more
Love no more
When I was broke who was there
When I was broke who was there

[Verse 1: A$AP Rocky]
End it all, let them die
Anna Rose, big guy
That Santa Claus, big body
That Phantom Rolls, too hot
Nigga fend them off, 2Pac
Bandana on, bandana off
Stand on my own feet and use my penis as my third leg

[Hook: Sway Burr]
She's indecisive
Far from the 

[?]
Imma 

[?] all night

[?]
Make up your mind, make up your mind

[Pre-Hook]

[Verse 2: Sway Burr]
All I really wanted was a G, O-L-D
2 zoe flags on me
Talkin' way back in '03
Ain’t worth a thing. You Ain’t worth a thing
Now you tryna crucify me, now you tryna crucify me
Yeah I know how to get with snakes out here, throwing up B-P-T

[Pre-Hook 2: Rich Homie Quan]
When I was broke, who was there? It was me and me only
She surf around on that meat like a piece of bologna
She reach what she wanted, that car you drive you lease for the moment
Every car I drive boy I own it

[Hook]
Listen, I'm the definition of a monster
Sitting like a mobster
Revolver on my lap, barrel full of Black Talons
I lick it at your sqaudron, roll up, like "hold up"
Start spitting while I'm driving
Peel off, then roll up
You niggas better slow up, before you bang the fuck out
I aim, let it flame, blow your brains all the fuck out
All over your shirt, since a youngin' I was buck wild
All up in the dirt, ma screaming "Get the fuck out!"
No. Phil I was raised at, South Philly I plays that
Wherever I'm around, I hold it down like a wave cap
Yeah my niggas stay strapped, blaze and I'mma blaze back
All over that yolk and get your motherfuckin' egg cracked
Northside a Bird Streeter, Southside a Eight Baller
Posted by the green gate, cops come we scrape on 'em
Niggas dropping tapes on 'em, tryin' get us locked down
Snitchin' to the district, that's enough to get you shot down
Nine Parabellum, fuck around and get a nigga momma cerebellum
And they ain't ridin' man they tell them
I been slidin' with a 7, all titanium
Big boy sound, jump around with a flame in 'em
Me I play my role, getting hoes like I'm Chamberlain
Same hoes you kiss, the same ones that give me cranium
Every time I touch a gun, all I hear is Damien
Trying to pipe me up to rack a nigga like I'm Dame and 'em
I bounce on them tracks like I bounce on them bikes
I'm so nice with it, I ain't even write in it
I'm usually on the low blowing dro like tenant(?) with a big 45 on my side right in it
They gotta melly all down in the house just to- (hol on, hol on, hol on, hol up)
It's Meek Milly
Check, yo, look, see I'm the nicest nigga out
Ain't nobody seeing me the whole hood agree with me
I'm wiping niggas out, they like what I'm about
Every time I'm killing it, the whole hood feelin' it
I gotta ward 'em off, right now I'm on the south
Dealin with them killa niggas, sheisty and gorilla niggas
Fuck it tho, we out! You talking what he bout
Nigga making threats, it's a bet I send my bloodhounds barking at his house
Got a dirty MAC, the same color as Bernie Mac
With 30 claps, I let him squeeze to burn ya back
I pull it back then let it scream, it go rrrat
Than search it back, you take a breath and then collapse
I can show you how I get that dough, you got to X out blocks and move O's like tic-tac-toe
Find a connect, get that blow, that'a have your things racing like on your marks, get set, go
I'm the nigga with the sick ass flow
In the hotlines, I'm on the corner like a stop sign
By the Chinese store, eyes low like a Chinese boy
Two twins like a siamese bow(?)
Niggas know what it is
To be honest with y'all, I really fucks wit that movie. It's not the best movie ever but it's aight, Gravy was nice on there and Ms. Bassett was really good. Now, I see that movie getting a lotta hate by too many people, don't know why, cuz I don't see anything wrong with it. Why do some hate on that?
DON'T LET ME FALL

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Clarence Montgomery III) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI)//Pouvois Sounds (ASCAP)
Produced by B.o.B for Ham Squad Productions, Inc. Recorded by B.o.B at Ham Squad Studios, Atlanta, GA. Mixed by Joe Fitz at Echo Studios, Atlanta, GA

NOTHIN' ON YOU
(FEAT. BRUNO MARS)

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI)//Mars Force Music/
Northside Independent Music Publishing/Bug House (ASCAP)/Administered By Bug //EMI April Music, Inc. o/b/o Roc Cor Publishing and Music Famamanem LP
(ASCAP)//Toy Plane Music/Art For Arts Sake Music/Bughouse (ASCAP) Administered by Bug Obo Arthouse Entertainment LLC. Produced by The Smeezingtons
Recorded and Mixed by Ari Levine at Levcon Studios, Hollywood, CA. All Music and Instruments played by Bruno Mars and Ari Levine except Bass by Brody
Brown

PAST MY SHADES
(FEAT. LUPE FIASCO)

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Lupe Fiasco) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI)//Lu Chill Music /Heavy As Heaven/Universal
Music Publishing (BMI). Produced by B.o.B for Ham Squad Productions, Inc. Recorded and Mixed by Joe Fitz at Echo Studios, Atlanta, GA. Lupe Fiasco’s
Performance recorded by Greg “GBall” Magers at The Attic Recording Chicago, IL. Drums by Ali Warren. Bass by Kato. Guitar by Kyle King
AIRPLANES
(FEAT. HAYLEY WILLIAMS OF PARAMORE)

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Justin Franks, Alex Grant, Jeremy Dussolliet, Tim Sommers) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI)//J
Franks/Artist Publishing Group West (ASCAP) administered by WB Music Corp.//Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI)// WB Music Corp. (ASCAP) and Kinetics and
One Love (ASCAP) All rights administered by WB Music Corp. Produced by Alex Da Kid for Wonderland Music, LLC. Co-Produced by Frank E. Recorded by Paul
Bailey at Paramount Studios, Hollywood, CA and Mike Wilson at Patchwerk Studios, Atlanta, GA. Mixed by Manny Marraquin at Larrabee North, Universal City
CA. Assisted by Christian Plata and Erik Madrid. Additional guitars by J Browz for Veers Music and Josh Lopez. Additional vocals by Hayley Williams

BET I
(FEAT. T.I. & PLAYBOY TRE)

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Clifford Harris, Clarence Montgomery III, Jesse McMullen Jr.) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI)
//Crown Club Publishing/Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)//Pouvois Sounds (ASCAP)//Jesse McMullen (ASCAP)/Artist Publishing Group West admin
By Warner Chappell. Produced by Kuttah for Trummp Change Entertainment. Recorded by B.o.B at Ham Squad Studios, Atlanta, GA. Mixed by Joe Fitz at Echo
Studios, Atlanta, GA. Additional Vocals by T.I. & Playboy Tre

GHOST IN THE MACHINE

(Bobby Simmons Jr.) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI). Produced by B.o.B for Ham Squad Productions, Inc. Recorded
By B.o.B at Ham Squad Studios, Atlanta, GA. Mixed by Joe Fitz at Echo Studios, Atlanta, GA

THE KIDS
(FEAT. JANELLE MONÁE)

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Justin Franks, Chris Baio, Rostam Batmanglij, Ezra Koenig, Chris Tomson) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing
LLC (BMI)//J. Franks/Artist Publishing Group West (ASCAP) administered by WB Music Corp.//Vampire Weekend Music (ASCAP). by arrangement with Imagem Music (PRS). Produced by Frank E. Recorded by B.o.B at Patchwerk Recording Studios, Atlanta, GA. Mixed by Adelio Lombardi at Side 3 Studios, Denver, CO
Additional Vocals by Janelle Monáe. Janelle Monáe appears courtesy of Wondaland Productions/Bad Boy Records. “The Kids” contains interpolations from the
Composition “The Kids Don’t Stand a Chance” written by Chris Baio, Rostam Batmanglij, Ezra Koenig, Chris Tomson and published by Vampire Weekend Music
(ASCAP) by arrangement with Imagem Music (PRS). Used by permission
MAGIC
(FEAT. RIVERS CUOMO)

(Lukasz Gottwald, Rivers Cuomo, Bobby Simmons Jr.) Kasz Money Publishing (ASCAP)//E.O. Smith Publishing (BMI)//Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal
Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI). Produced by Dr. Luke for Kasz Money Productions, Inc. Mixed by Serban Ghenea. Vocals by B.o.B featuring Rivers
Cuomo. All Instruments by Dr. Luke and Rivers Cuomo. All programming by Dr. Luke. Engineered by Emily Wright and Sam Holland. Assisted by Aniela
Gottwald. Vocal Editing by Emily Wright. Production Coordination by Irene Richter, Vanessa Silberman, and Megan Dennis. Recorded at Conway Recording
Studios, Los Angeles, CA. Mixed at MixStar Studios, Virginia Beach, VA. Engineered for mix by John Hanes. Assistant engineering for mix by Tim Roberts. Rivers
Cuomo appears courtesy of Geffen Records

FAME

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Clarence Montgomery III, Alvin Lindsay, Kentrell Lindsay, Christopher Lanier, Zekuumba Zekkariyas, Howard Coney, George Gershwin
Dubose Heyward, Ira Gershwin, Dorothy Heyward) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI)//Pouvois Sounds (ASCAP)//
Artist Publishing Group West admin by Warner Chappell (ASCAP)//Ayif15music (ASCAP)//Zekuumba Zekkariyas (PRS)// Penmen Publishing (PRS)// George
Gershwin Music (ASCAP)/DuBose & Dorothy Heyward Memorial Fund Pub. (ASCAP) & Ira Gershwin Music (ASCAP). All rights administered by WB Music
Corp. (ASCAP). Produced by The Knux. Recorded by Juan Pablo Negrete Ortiz at Paramount Studios, Hollywood, CA. Mixed by Ari Levine, at Levcon Studios
Hollywood, CA. Additional vocals by the Ejyptsian Queen. Contains elements of “Summertime” by George Gershwin, DuBose Heyward, Ira Gershwin and
Dorothy Heyward. Published by George Gershwin Music (ASCAP)/DuBose & Dorothy Heyward Memorial Fund Pub. (ASCAP) & Ira Gershwin Music (ASCAP)
All rights administered by WB Music Corp. (ASCAP). All rights reserved

LOVELIER THAN YOU

(Bobby Simmons Jr.) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music Publishing, LLC (BMI). Produced by B.o.B for Ham Squad Productions, Inc. Recorded
And Mixed by Joe Fitz at Echo Studios, Atlanta, GA
5TH DIMENSION

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Clifford Harris, Cordale Quinn, Kassim Vonricco Washington, Marvin Gaye, James Nyx) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady
Music Publishing, LLC (BMI)// Crown Club Publishing/Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp. (BMI)//Grand Hustle/C Beatz Publishing (BMI)//Ricco Barrino Muzic
(ASCAP)//Jobete Music Co., Inc. MG III Music, MNG Music, FCG Music (ASCAP). Produced by T.I. & Lil’ C for Smashfactory Productions and B.o.B for Ham
Squad Productions, Inc. Recorded and Mixed by Joe Fitz at Echo Studios Atlanta, GA. Additional vocals by Ricco Barrino. Contains interpolations from “Inner City
Blues (Makes Me Wanna Holler)” written by Marvin Gaye and James Nyx. Published by Jobete Music Co., Inc. MG III Music, MNG Music, FCG Music (ASCAP)
Used by permission. All rights reserved

AIRPLANES, PART II
(FEAT. EMINEM & HAYLEY WILLIAMS OF PARAMORE

(Bobby Simmons Jr., Marshall Mathers, Luis Resto, Alex Grant, Jeremy Dussolliet, Tim Sommers) Ham Squad Music/Songs of Universal, Inc./Shady Music
Publishing, LLC (BMI)//Shroom Shady Music, admin by Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI)//Resto World Music (ASCAP)//Songs of Universal, Inc. (BMI)//WB Music
Corp. (ASCAP) and Kinetics and One Love (ASCAP) All rights administered by WB Music Corp. Produced by Alex Da Kid for Wonderland Music, LLC. Additional
Production by Eminem & Luis Resto. Recorded by Joe Fitz at Tree Sound, Atlanta GA. Eminem Vocals Recorded by Mike Strange at Effigy Studios. Mixed by Eminem
& Mike Strange at Effigy Studios. Additional keyboards by Luis Resto. Additional guitars by J Browz for Veers Music. Additional vocals by Eminem & Hayley
Williams. Eminem appears courtesy of Aftermath Entertainment

- - - THANK YOU'S - - -

Words cannot accurately express the gratitude I feel towards the Universe for
Selecting me to become a character such as “B.o.B” and have the opportunity
To impact worldwide consciousness. I would also like to take this time to give
Credit for the parents who were courageous enough to give birth to a wild son
Such as myself, Bobby Simmons Sr. and Karen Simmons
Although I am the face of the movement, there is always a proper team
Behind any successful project. B-Rich, TJ Chapman, and Playboy Tre have been
Like uncles for me on my journey and constantly make sure that I’m grounded
We have put in a lot of blood, sweat, tears, pain, happiness, and patience into
What is unfolding and now we can celebrate the release of the debut album. I
Am grateful to have a team to invest so much time and energy into one project
HAM SQUAD ON DECK!!! SKLOOO!
Tiffany, first I have to thank you for all of the creative ideas and concepts that
You have given me out of the pure love for art. Secondly, I have to thank you for
Staying in my corner through my roughest times because if it were not for you
B.o.B would be lost
Since a year ago I have prayed that the Universe would bring musicians in
My life who were just as passionate about music as I am…well those prayers
Were answered which is why I am privileged to be working with awesome
Musicians such as Kyle King, Takehiko Kato, Arielle Simmons, and DeLarry
Sanders. Whether on the road or in the studio, the chemistry is divine
There have been very crucial bits of information and advice that I have
Received throughout my journeys into the Universe but the most impactful ones
Have come from my brother Jamaal. Thank you for listening to my horrible raps
Back in the day…now they’re not so bad eh? Gracias!
Stephen Hill - Although you are my cousin, you will always be my brother in
My eyes. From the days that we were sneaking into clubs, to the days that we
Were the Klinic, all of this started as a dream and has manifested into something
Way greater than what we envisioned. I have to express and acknowledge my
Gratitude for you inspiring me to be greater as a man and STAND UP! Lol
The Simmons Family
The Hill Family
Jim Jonsin - You have taught me so much in the studio and have shown me
How to really put my elbows into a record!! lol. I would like to thank you for
Believing in B.o.B since we walked into that studio in Miami that day! Rebel
Rock!!!!!
LaTrice Burnette - C’mon Son!!!!! You are one of the hardest working people
That I know alone! You go way over and beyond to make sure that me and
Team B.o.B are okay and we will always have a place in our hearts for you
You will always be family to us!
Sydney Margetson - Getting the word out to the masses about the existence of
B.o.B is something that would not have been possible without your contribution
To the project. It takes actual care and effort to pull that off. Thanks
Brian “Busy” Dackowski - Obviously from the name, you are always busy
Making sure we have the best looks, and the best ideas in this new age of
Internet and technology. So on behalf of myself and Team B.o.B…Thank you!
Atlantic: Lyor Cohen, Craig Kallman, Julie Greenwald, Livia Tortella, Mike
Kyser, Joi Pitts, Dane Venable, Mike Caren, Sam Riback, Aaron Bay-Schuck
Andrew Luftman, Alex Schwartz, Craig Rosen, Anne DeClemente, LaTrice
Burnette, John Coster, Thanh Nguyen, Sydney Margetson, Ashley Kalmanowitz
Sheila Richman, Gabriella Vargas, James Lopez, Azim Rashid, James Brown, Naomi McCier, Kevin Holiday, Natina Nimene, Yancey Richardson, Brannon
Scales, Motti Shulman, Junius Thomas, June Grant, Danielle Smith, Sam
Crespo, Andrea Ganis, John McMann, John Lewis, Warren Gesin, Dan
Posner, Dustin Elliott, Jennifer Yin, Ali O’Connell, Amy Johnson, Chuck Strouth
Howard Lesnick, Johnny Coscia, Julie Kubacki, Lora Helstrom, Lou Rizzo, Mark
Fritzges, Mike Snow, Rick Sudakoff, Tim Dalbec, Rafael “June” Cardona
Allan Coleman, Frank Johnson, Jamar Giddins, Brian Dackowski, Ryan
Brady, Michele Cranford, Amanda Alfieri, Paul Sinclair
Geraldine Chung, Tom Capodanno, Jack McMorrow, Adam Abramson, Matt
Engelman, David Saslow, Tashana Ventura, Jason Pleskow, Derec Dunn, Phil
Botti, Shamikah Martinez, Adam Donald, Michael Kushner, Megan Joyce, Al
Harmon, James Lopez, Camille Hackney, Jonathan Feldman, Kevin Weaver
Sharon Masters, Scott Brothman, Rob Gold, Greg Burke, Anika King, Nicholas
Bilardello, Alex Kirzhner, Pam Simon, Maggie Porter, Nancy Rogers, Carolyn
Tracey, Matt Young, Matt Pileggi, Steve Hash, Marsha St. Hubert, Dionnee
Harper, Lisa Graves, Brian St. John, Cathy Donovan, Julyann Moon, Astrid
Narins and Gina Tucci
Grand Hustle - Tip, Jason, Doug, Clay, Amir, Hannah and the entire Grand
Hustle family - thank you for working with us and joining forces to have one of
The biggest projects in the music industry today. Grand Hustle’s in the building!
Cara Lewis - Thanks for believing in us and getting us gigs when we weren’t
Hot!
Shanieke - My dope stylist! Thanks for keeping me looking like a star!
Rischa - You have been the angel to save the day in our most chaotic times
Thank You!
Jay Man - I am grateful for the heart that you have put into our movement!
Sanchez - Thanks for keeping us safe through the most rockiest of roads
Frankie Romano - Thanks for teaching me how to play guitar!
Joe g - My first engineer
Oliver Green - Thank you for teaching me how to sing from the soul and not
From pro-tools!
Olamide Demi - This lady eats, breathes, and sleeps B.o.B. Every time I’m
On twitter I see her campaigning for the movement. This one goes out to you!
Jasmine Pratt and Ashley Wilson - Thank you for holding down the stage and
Being troopers on the road. Chocolate Thunder!
Joe Fitzgerald - Thank you for working your fingers…and ears to the bone
To give me the sound needed for this album. All the hard work has paid off and
I look forward to working with you many years into the future!
Artists/Producers: Jim Jonsin, Tip, Bruno Mars, Eminem, Paul Rosenberg
Hayley Williams, Lupe Fiasco, Rivers Cuomo, Playboy Tre, Janelle Monáe, Ricco
Barrino, the Ejyptsian Queen, Vampire Weekend, The Smeezingtons, Alex Da
Kid, Frank E, Kuttah, Dr. Luke, The Knux, Lil’ C, da Honorable C.N.O.T.E., and
Ali Warren
Metria & Rhian, Mel Carter, Wuz Good, Eddie Forbes, LRG, Kev D, Woodie
White, Core DJs, T. Neal, Big DM, Bigga Rankin, DJ Fresh, DJ Jelly, Sean D, DJ
Demp, DJ Nasty, Dr Doom, Supastar Jkwik, DJ Speedracer, Sean D, DJ Ezone
DJ Storm, TJ’s DJ’s fam, Keith Kennedy, DJ Shane, DJ Eman, DJ Reflection, MTV
Ozone Magazine, Vibe, XXL, DJ Smallz, DJ Drama, DJ Sense, Mick Boogie, the
Baka Boyz, Greg Street, Lil Bankhead, Kaspa, Hittmenn DJs, Hot 107.9, V103
DJ Infamous, DJ Holiday, J-Nicks, Ike Gda, DJ Terra, Coalition DJs, DJ Funky, DJ
Big X, DJ X-Rated, DJ Green Lantern, Peter Parker, Peter Rosenberg, Power 106 LA, Kiss FM LA, Juile Pilat, Angela Yee, DJ G-Spot, DJ Jimmy Taco, Orlando
(WLLD), Nick @ Night, DJ Doubleookey, Brandon Korff (MTV), DJ Efeezy, DJ
Nasty, Jimmy Doctrie, DJ Frank White, DJ Rip, DJ Impact, DJ Commando, DJ
Chuck T, Neek, Big Gee, DJ Blord, Lucky Leon, Felli Fel, Big Yu @ Digiwaxx
Cyber Sapp, Tuma Basa, DJ Skee, Damon Eden, DJ Killa Groove, Shawty Slim, DJ Smooth, Big Scoop, DJ Tremayne, Carson Daly, Mo’nique, Nahright
Com, 2dopeboyz.com, Smokingsection.net and Rapradar.com. Thanks to all
The media. And a special THANKS to all the Haters Everywhere We Go!!!
Thank God!!!

- - - ADDITIONAL CREDITS - - -

Executive Producers: Jim Jonsin, T.I. & B.o.B
Associate Producers: B-Rich & Doug Peterson
A&R Direction: Mike Caren, Sam Riback, & Aaron Bay-Schuck
A&R Administration: Anne DeClemente
A&R Coordination: Alex Schwartz
Marketing Direction: LaTrice Burnette & John Coster
Publicity: Sydney Margetson
Digital Marketing: Brian “Busy” Dackowski & Ryan Brady
Management: Brian Richardson & TJ Chapman for Powerhouse Management
Legal for Atlantic: Megan Joyce
Legal for Rebel Rock: Scott Felcher. Esq. and Evan Freifeld, Esq. for Felcher and Freifeld, LLP
Legal for B.o.B: Theo Sedlmayr, Esq. and Tiffany Almy, Esq. for Sedlmayr & Associates, P.C
Photography: Wuz Good
Graphic Artists: Corday “Dezedwell” Cardwell and Isam “MrNuDay” Muhammad
Design: Alex Danger Kirzhner
Art Manager and Producer: Rob Gold
Packaging Management: Pamela Simon
Production Company: BeeMac Films
Styling: Shanieke “shinshin” Peru
Mastered by: Chris Gehringer at Sterling Sound, New York, NY

[Verse 1]
Say you got love for me
Say you don't mind that we don't really fuck a lot
I-I-I-I just wanna smoke a little
Then take off all my makeup
So we can touch a little

[Verse 2]
Don't really rush a lot
I keep anxiety
Thank you for waiting anyway
Don't really trust a lot
I keep a side of me
Under Wraps

[Chorus]
Ooh-wee-ooh-wee-ooh-ooh
I wanna be a percolator, lator
Na-na-na-na-na, na-na
I gots to be a live wire

[Verse 1]
Taking down your neighbor won't take you any higher
I burned my own damn finger poking someone else's fire
I've never gotten taller making someone else feel small
If you ain't got nothing nice to say, don't say nothing at all

[Chorus]
Just ho​e your own row and raise your own babies
Smoke your own smoke and grow your own daisies
Mend your own fences and own your own crazy
Mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy
Mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy

[Verse 2]
Nobody's perfect, we've all lost and we've all lied
Most of us have cheated, the rest of us have tried
The holiest of holies even slip from time to time
We've all got dirty laundry hanging on the line

[Chorus]
So ho​e your own row and raise your own babies
Smoke your own smoke and grow your own daisies
Mend your own fences and own your own crazy
Mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy
Mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy

[Bridge]
Pouring salt in my sugar won't make yours any sweeter
Pissing in my yard ain't gonna make yours any greener
And I wouldn't know about the rocks in your shoes
So I'll just do me and, honey, you can just do you
(So, row)

[Chorus]
So ho​e your own row and raise your own babies
Smoke your own smoke and grow your own daisies
Mend your own fences and own your own crazy
Mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy
Mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy

[Verse 1: Barry Gibb]
About an hour or more
When I go upstairs
You can read between the lines
I can make it to the top
But then I gotta stop
But I'm all right

[Hook: Robin Gibb]
I'm really fine
It's just the wine
And all this making love

[Verse 2: Barry Gibb]
In a day or so
It'll really show
Gonna wear me to the ground
It's just the way it goes
She keeps me on my toes
But I'm all right

[Hook - Variation: Robin Gibb]
And should I mind
It's just the wine
And all this making love

[Verse 3: Barry Gibb]
And I can't keep still
Gonna make a will
'cause I'm losing all my hair
I try to make it seem
It isn't just a dream
And I'm all right

[Hook - Variation: Robin Gibb]
I'm almost there
It isn't fair
To wake up all this making love

[Verse 4: Barry Gibb]
I get pleasure and pain
It's a gravy train
It's a wonderland, it's a ride
And the rumor is I'm told
She's really got a hold
And I'm all right

[Hook: Robin Gibb]

[Verse 5: Barry Gibb]
She'll be making me strung by the tip of my tongue
Like a tiger in a cage
She's got me up a wall
I'm slowing to a crawl
But I'm all right

[Hook: Robin Gibb]

[Outro: Barry Gibb]
Too much too much too much too much...

[Intro]
You gotta chase your dreams, man (Jrelentlesz Beats, son)
I'm above the clouds (I'm gettin' money)
On a private jet (And I'ma get more money)
I'm tryna fly across the world, man
I got all this designer on me (I look around)
Louis, Gucci, Balmain (And see all this gold on me)
Alexander Wang on me, man (Soulja)
Supreme on me
Rails on me

[Chorus]
Whippin' my wrist (Whoop), whippin' my wrist (Whoop)
Whippin' my wrist, whippin' my wrist
Whippin' my wrist (Whip), whippin' my wrist (Whip)
Got all these bricks
Get it, I'm stackin', I'm packin', lil' Soulja's too rich (Rich)
Whippin' my wrist (Whip), whippin' my wrist (Whip)
Whippin' my wrist (Whip), whippin' my wrist (Whippin' my wrist)
Whippin' my wrist (Ayy), whippin' my wrist
To get all these bricks, stack it and flip
Lil' Soulja too rich

[Verse]
I'm makin' it rain, yeah, I changed the weather
I break it down, put it right back together
Got Louis, Gucci, it's all on my sweater
My niggas winnin', we don't see no contenders
My niggas go hard, my niggas stack millis
I'm swervin', ridin' and I'm drivin' in Bentleys
I'm over in Illi', I'm rockin' it silly
I'm rockin' Fendi and she lookin' like, "Really?"
Benjis on Benjis while swervin' in Bentleys
We watchin' for the cops 'cause niggas be snitchin'
Got millis on millis, my niggas, you silly
We stack it, pack it, stack it up to the ceilin'
I wrap it, package, then I ship it
All of my niggas, we get it
All of my niggas, we kill it
Catch the case, acquit it
Niggas get acquitted, got money 'cause we got no limits
I'm trappin' and cappin', had to make it happen
All of my niggas, we swervin' in Phantoms
My diamonds dancin' just like Tony Montana
I take a trip from Brazil to Atlanta
I come out the water, got bricks like a boulders
They comin' in, nigga, tell me your order
My niggas get money, I swerve in a foreign
Add the coupes with the paint and the spoiler
Valet park that Bugatti, I'm winnin'
My niggas stackin', they got millis on millis
I'm runnin' bands, I'm the man in my city
I'm gettin' money, niggas hatin' like really
I'm gettin' money, niggas ain't fuckin' with me
I'm gettin' milli', I got milli' on milli'
I stack it, wrap it, pack it up to the ceilin'
I'm gettin' money, niggas know that I'm killin'
A milli', a milli', I did it, I did it
My niggas stackin', yeah, my niggas, they with it
We stackin' money, we got millis on millis
We swervin', ridin', and we drivin' in Bentleys
My niggas talk and yeah, my niggas get it
All of you niggas, you gotta get it (Gotta get it)
All of my niggas, we got to get it (Gotta get it)
Used to trap out the back with twenty pounds of midgets
Twenty pounds of midget, that's what I'm trappin'
I'm cappin', had to make my mama happy
I got Louis, Gucci, now they look at me funny
They say, "Soulja, where you get all of this money?"
Them niggas hated 'cause I'm hot as the sun
Soulja strapped with the automatic gun
Fuckin' on hundreds, I don't do the ones
Breakin' bricks down to cookies and crumbs

[Chorus]
Whippin' my wrist (Whip), whippin' my wrist (Whippin' my wrist)
Whippin' my wrist, whippin' my wrist (Ayy)
Whippin' my wrist (Ayy), whippin' my wrist
Got all these bricks
Get it, I'm stackin', I'm packin', lil' Soulja's too rich (Whoop)
Whippin' my wrist (Whip), whippin' my wrist
Whippin' my wrist (Whip), whippin' my wrist (Whippin' my wrist)
Whippin' my wrist (Whippin' my wrist), whippin' my wrist (Whippin' my wrist)
To get all these bricks, stack it and flip
Lil' Soulja too rich

[Outro]
I'm the one that they see, yup
Ice all over me, yup
Hit the bank with some freaks, yup
You might see me on your street, yup
In the club and the V.I.P., yup
What you talkin' 'bout, nigga?
What you talkin' 'bout, nigga?
What you talkin' 'bout, nigga?
They know that I be flexed up
A whole lot of bands on me, I'm racked up
A hundred K just on my neck, bruh

[Intro]
Everybody talking about they're grinding they ain't really grinding forreal

(Still dolla signs in my eyes)

[Hook] (x2)
It's still dolla signs in my eyes any means necessary I'mma get that, (we right here)
I'm still on the grind with my nigga we ain't takin no short don't forget that, (we right here)
I sill hit the corner store then got some lag get some blunts then I split that, (we right here)
And every time I pull up in that bitch you ain't never gotta ask where my clique at, (we right here)

[Verse 1: Scotty ATL]
Shit feel like flavor, '95 the beeper with the hair balm
Their boss feeling right before you fuck a redbone
Planet I like nerds, we ain't do the curb
Only friend's a close friend was getting served
Let's do it, everybody got doubts
I don't listen to them, it ain't easy but shit is necessary
Bad bitch who want you to pop the cherry
Especially when you 'bout the berry
Every nigga that running shit now we gon' punish shit now
This drama y'all still on some funny shit now
We were broke like forreal on some money shit now
I'm four blunters I own a ton of shit now
They been gassin y'all nigga, might pull the 

[?] about
It's crazy, man these niggas just don't understand
The hottest nigga with a fuckin' hustle in the plan
And y'all nigga fuckin' playin', shit
(making moves and shit, we on the corner)

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Jake Lambo]
Yeah, we get money for a minute this music shit is a gimmick
Got to eat or be a six or say sober for some pennies
So fuck it I'm on a mission, chains paper
They hate that i made and if i owe you I pay you later
The coupe sit on inches I'm from the drenches still got mud on my boots nigga, forreal
Any given time a thousand bloods at your roof nigga
Hanging out the rule like the whole day for the love of the money
The chopper sing like the old Jake
Still stuck in my old ways, old school still hold a pistol sideways
Bitch I'm in the Ku Klux gotta suck that dick five ways
Side way for five days switching lanes on the highway
But you driving and why the fuck is you smiling?
Still dolla signs in my eyes I fuck your whole body set, boy it ain't a surprise
See the money I'd done starved for, painkillers in that bud they know what I'd be on, now when I belong

[Hook]

[Verse 3: JaqueBeatz]
My homie at the chop spot, my crib was the rap spot
I'm selling them crack beads while they selling them woo, woah
IPads on iPads these side dudes put paper on em
Five o'clock to five o'clock federal nose all in my favoritism
I walk me in the bank tell her to be so close I can go in her fridge
Black man's black gloves to basically breaking the biz
Damned to double double shifts for the dollars with the double O's
Keep me whimsy while I 

[?] that bitch on other clothes
Scrambled eggs, smothered hash browns with some bacon and some toast
I'm falling asleep during my order fucking get that shit to go, vroom
In the whip praying to God I got to get it at least get to my door
Because it's get dollar or die and doctor I am diagnosed

[Hook]

[Verse 4: London Jae]
They like young nigga you flexin' watch who you be flexin' on
See I came up different step over the stepping stone
Demolishing all these verses who need me to wreck a song
Easily catching on to these weasel niggas and frauds
Still on the west side, still keep the steel there
Been through a lot of shit, but a nigga still here
Money hungry I got to get it I swear I do
Can tell that niggas envious by the way that they stare at you
Staying true to my crew like I'm staying true to my name
I found a place to blunt in that purple and now if feels like a dream
Time moving slow like a turtle, there's turbulence on this ride
That we call life, but it's going to be all right, I'm doing me usually
Usually i don't do this we the shit, fuck it I'mma
Show my ass like a nudist you knew this already
Feeling like these dudes out to get me our crew's with the semi
How the fuck these losers get near me you knew we was winning, uh

[Outro: Jake Lambo]
This kid Jake Lambo man, the stoning child, I'm high right now of course, you guys are beautiful
How fast can I roll a blunt? Faster than you can roll a blunt, ha ha ha
But I can roll in like under a minute I guess, just estimating using a little estimation (ha ha ha ha), aight man see you later
(Yeah turn up in this motherfucker)

[Hook]

[London Jae] (x2)
Spent about a couple grand on my grill, ay
Presidents on my watch, bling
Everything that I do, oh
Fuck niggas gon' watch

I can feel a whole lotta hate in these niggas
A whole lot of snake in these bitches
I can feel, I can feel a whole lotta hate in these niggas
A whole lot of snake in these bitches
I can feel, I can feel a whole lotta hate in these niggas
A whole lot of snake in these bitches
I can feel, I can feel a whole lotta hate in these niggas
A whole lot of snake in these bitches

[Verse 1: B.o.B]
Yeah we're bout to blow up Hiroshima Nagasaki
Bet I come hard call the flow kamikaze
For every single star there's a fuck nigga watching
Dr. Seuss ass niggas since a nigga I was plotting
My nigga 

[?] like Muhammed Ali with the shotty
My nigga scotty got the city on Gotti
Shoutout to Javi and, shouts out to jaque he
Yeah I won't say 

[?] my nigga getting cocky
Point being, I ride for my team Ricky Bobby
And it's fuck everybody like Cosby
On top of that I like my topping sloppy
She delivered that to 

[?] extra toppings side of Bobby, bam

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Scotty ATL]
I done seen a whole lot of fake in these niggas
Make you feel like you feel who the hell making these niggas
I grew up with the old hits, teaching shooting ball

[?] for a nigga get the paper young nigga
It's a whole lotta hate in these niggas, damn
Used to be my road dog
Now I see him I don't even fucking know dog
Cold hearted like the snow dog
Pop the top lift the roof back, yeah
Nigga fresher than peppermint mouth full of gold
I'll raise in the bottle I'll probably never 

[?]
Blue face hundred in my wallet don't fold, motherfucker like
You know that I love you
Baby, but you just won't let me
You know that I love you u uu uuu
Baby, but you just won't let me
Every morning I get up, I sip my cup;
My eyes get red, no-one to hear me
One more thing I'd like to say right here
Baby, but you just won't let me
One more thing I'd like to say right here
Baby, but you just won't let me
I'd like to say;
Baby, you so nice
I'd like to do the same thing twice, yeah!
Baby, you so nice
I'd like to do the same thing twice
I love you so much, so-o-o
Love you - love you, baby, so much
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I live in the woods alone;
I need your (company) company
Baby! Woods alone!
I need your company, yeah!
Every morning I get up, I sip my cup;
My eyes get red, no-one to hear me
One more thing I'd like to say right here
Baby, but you just won't let me, yeah!
One more thing I'd like to say right here
Baby, but you just won't let me
I'd like to say: baby, you so nice:
Do the same thing twice, yeah!
Baby, you so nice;
I'd like to do the same thing twice;
I love you, baby, so much
Took a plane to Cairo
Then a Cessna to Rome
I got hijacked to Tel Aviv
And it's the first time that I've flown

But I've found my Shangri-la
In a place that's not too far, back home

Took a train to Jordan
And to Texas and back
I met Lyndon B. Johnson and I felt his hand on my back

But I found my Shangri-la
In a place that's not too far, back home

Back home, back home
Back home, back home
Back home, back home
Don't you drink with me 'cos you know that I'm a loser
And I'm proud of that fact as you can plainly see
Never did what people said. I should've
I'm just a low down critter who never did any good
I'm just a low down critter who never did any good

I spend my life working up a sweat to be a bad boy
Getting girls into trouble every day
Going from town to town . Now I tell you I've been around
I'm just a low down critter who never did any good
I'm just a low down critter who never did any good

Lay it on me .. yeah...

Don't you drink with me 'cos I tell you that I'm a loser
And I'm proud of that fact as you can plainly see
Going from town to town. Now I tell you I've been around
I'm just a low down critter who never did any good
I'm just a low down critter who never did any good

[Dr. Doom]
I'll have to go ahead with my experiment right now
Lower the dome
Are you ready, Costez?

[Costez]
All set

[Dr. Doom]
My moment of triumph is at hand
Contact

[Raymond 'Zoro']
It's messed up

[Rose]
It doesn't look bad

[Raymond 'Zoro']
You're crazy, it looks bad

[Rose]
Okay, then at least tell me what this thing that you're doing

[Raymond 'Zoro']
This figure in the middle, it’s not even coming out right
I’ve already got like the hands like on the side, like the hands of doom, and they’re like representing the city, and the environment around this artist
And he’s like, like, he’s like by himself in his own world and what not
He don’t care about nobody around him, and that’s what the hands are, everybody around him

[Rose]
Yeah, who is this character?
That's you

[Raymond 'Zoro']
Who told, what gave, what gave you that idea?

[Rose]
C'mon man, I've been knowing, I've been knowing for a long time that was you
Nah nah

[Mister Fantastic]
It was back in the days when I met a brilliant student named DOOM
Hello? Anybody home?
Wow, look at that equipment
I wonder what DOOM is working on
Now I'll just rearrange a few of these circuits

[Dr. Doom]
What are you doing in my room?

[Mr. Fantastic]
You're even more stupid than I thought

[Dr. Doom]
Give me those papers

[Mr. Fantastic]
I just came by to say hello
But you'd better recheck those equations
You're off a few decimals
And that means big trouble if you use this material

[Dr. Doom]
Get out of here
Soulja
Rich Gang

[Chorus]
Money everyday, money every night
OG kush blunts mixed with dirty Sprite
Nigga shootin' shit, we don't like to fight
Bitch, we shootin' extendo's, we don't fight
Shootin' choppers, shootin' choppers, we don't fight
Zoom zoom, bitch, ship it, we don't fight
Shootin' hollow tips, nigga, we don't fight
Pocket rocket, choppers on deck, we don't fight

[Verse 1]
Try the squad, boy, you could lose your life
M-16, boy, we don't fight
Pull up on your block, midnight
Knocking shit down with these big pipes
I'ma tote the strap, I'ma catch 'em back
If he shoot at me, then I'm shootin' back
Shootin' niggas, they runnin' like a race track
Pull up to the block, and I got eight stack

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I'm so raw, man, I'm stackin' figures
Niggas do it big, but I do it bigger
I'm a legend on the stage, they takin' pictures
I'ma ball hard 'till I get a penalty
I go so hard, they remember me
My whole team winnin', I can't take a loss
Had to live my life, make myself a boss
Now, it's foreign wips when I'm in 

[?]
Now I'm trappin' hard, see me in the street
Rest In Peace to the track, cause I killed the beat
I'm so clean, nobody fresh as me
I guess gold chains and foreign whips my destiny

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Go hard for the fam cause that's all I got
Got to kill everything cause I'm on top
Maseriati dizzy dash, that's a lot of guap
In the streets goin' crazy cause my buzz hot
And whatever you wonna do, bitch you know I'm with it
S. D. Money Gang the youngest to ever did it
All white diamonds when I'm steppin' out
I'm a young boss with a bag, I'm the best out
My foreign whip expensive, and my bitch delicious
My swag that's the 

[?], rims on super inches
They remember me, they remember me
I go hard, I got shows like every week

[Chorus]

[Sue]
There's still DOOM, what of him?

[Dr. Doom]
What of DOOM, my dear lady? As I stood outside your door, I heard quite a bit of your story. If you wish, I'll add mine. To clear up the mystery of DOOM's transition
Hey hey
Hey hey
Ey ey
Let that money pile up on a mountain
Let that money pile up, on a mountain
Let that money pile up on a mountain
And my shades were designer
Designer, designer designer
Designer, designer designer
Designer designer
Designer designer
Designer designer
Ey, you know how we play
Audemars Piguet
No no no no no no no
Ey
Let that money pile up on a mountain
Designer designer designer
My bitch she came from China
Where I get her from, you can't find her
I'm hoppin' out Bentley, Bentleys on like a diamond
I'm breakin' her down, where you can find me, money pilin'
Let the money pile up
Switch the style up
Ey, I'm on fi'e
The trap 'round, Forgiatos on my ti'e

[?]
Ey
Designer designer
Designer designer
Designer designer, Ey
Let that money pile up on a mountain
Designer designer
Designer designer
Designer designer
Designer designer
My shades were designer
Her pussy wet, Aquafina
I'm ridin', I'm skatin'
In that Bentley, I'm leanin'
In that Bentley, I'm leanin' yeah
You know how we play
I got Xan, I got lean, I got everything
I got everything
Whip whip whip, Hurricane
And I make it rain
Diamonds sittin' all in my chain
Designer
Designer designer on fire
Lamborghini through the wire
The Soulja ridin', I'm on fire
Ey
Designer designer
Designer designer designer
Designer designer
Designer designer
Let that money pile up on a mountain
And my shades were designer
Designer, designer designer
Everything that I said I meant it
Rich Gang, don't forget it

[Chorus]
Gold bricks in the back, gold bricks in the front
Gold bricks in the motherfuckin' safes right by the blunt
Gold bricks by them other thirty clips and all them guns
Gold everything, gold in my chain, gold up
Gold bricks to the motherfuckin right
And you know I got that lean in my Sprite
Pourin' Ac', Pourin' Tec all night
Pourin' Ac', Pourin' Tec all night
Gold bricks
Gold bricks
Gold bricks
Gold bricks
Gold bricks
Gold bricks
Gold bricks
Gold bricks

[Verse 1]
Gold bricks so you know I keep the chopper
Meet the plug, touchdown in a helicopter
Pull up in that Phantom, Phantom of the Opera
Hit him with hollow tips, send him to the doctor
Gold bricks
Hit a gold lick, now my Rolex flip
My Rolex water whip, and the ice, the diamonds get hella rich
Soulja come with hella clips
For you now I'm celibate
I 

[?] all of my celery
My diamonds they shinnin'
My niggas they killin'
My niggas they killin'
We stackin' up millions
My niggas, they whippin'
I'm still whippin'
Still whippin'
Still pistol grippin'
My niggas ain't slippin'
We out on a mission
We stackin' up millions
Stackin' and breaking the ceiling

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Got hit with the hollow tips
Next day, so I pistol grip
Wrappin' bricks like a mummy brick
Wrappin' bricks like a mummy brick
Put a body in hella ditch
Put a body in hella ditch
Call the shooters, they pullin' up
And you know they got hella clips
I'm touchin' down in Memphis
With like ten million
Whippin' and whippin', I'm breaking my wrist
Money is stacked to the ceiling
Fendi and Givenchy chillin'
My niggas, they killin' and dealin'
Stackin' up 32 million
Stackin' money up to ceiling
Fendi, Givenchy, I'm gettin' in money
These niggas, they lookin' so funny
I'm wrappin' up bricks like a mummy
I'm takin' a trip out the country
Whippin' and breakin' my wrist
Fly with the fish and the baking soda
Takin' a trip out to North Dakota
Got the bricks in a Range Rover
Splashin'
Shippin' them package
Whippin' the bricks like it's magic
I'm flashin'
My diamonds, they flashin'
Wrappin' the couch up in plastic
Drippin' the 

[?]
Whippin' and package the dope like a spatula
Impressin' the plug, he think I'm spectacular
Twenty pounds and that way I'm so accurate

[Chorus]
I'm rollin' up these Backwoods
I'm ridin' through my damn hood
200 under my damn hood
Damn, Soulja, you eatin' good
I'm rollin' up these Backwoods
I'm rollin' up these Backwoods
I'm rollin' up these Backwoods
I'm rollin' up these Backwoods

[Verse One]
Rollin' up the Backwoods
Bag of the gas, ounces of good
Pounds of trap, pounds of gas
Ride through the city and I got the strap
Lamborghini and I painted it black
Uzi automatic my favorite strap
Smokin' on, smokin' on kush on the weekend
Smokin' on kush with your bitch and she freaky
She fuckin' and suckin', she fuckin' the team
You know what I mean
Ice and Ferragamo, my cuban link
Diamond shine, man, they look like they pink
Stupid nigga, you get shot 'fore you blink
I got water whip, yeah look at my team
Throwin' money in the air and that change the weather
The money on me, look like money Mayweather
All of these diamonds, I pull them together
Niggas be talking, they don't get no cheddar
We shoot undercover pistols and Beretta
Nigga, I got Louis all on my sweater
VVS diamonds is all in my bezel

[Chorus]

[Verse Two]
Used to live in a bando
Now I run through in them camos
Niggas talkin', they get no money
I be seein' my face through the channels
Gucci, Louis on my sandals
I'm lightin' shit up like a candle
I'm on an island like Gilligan
Slangin' eight balls like I'm Wimbledon
Gucci, Louis on my Timberlands
Ten stacks in my pocket the minimum
Pull up that Wraith, you killin' 'em
Soulja worth 25 million
Oh my god, look at my chain
I'm killin' the pot, they know my name
I'm in the club, and I'm on flame
Giuseppe my feet, it's not a game
Puttin' a fuck nigga to shame
Step out the club and I'm makin' it rain
Thirty thousand on my 

[?] ring
Ain't nobody fuckin' with my game
Versace, Versace on my new ring
Soulja Boy Tell 'Em
Hurricane

[Chorus]

[Chorus]
I pull up in a Panamera
Drop the top off the Panamera
Get my dick sucked in Panamera
Pourin' lean in a Panamera
Do a drive-by in a Panamera
I pulled up in a Panamera
Countin' dirty money in a Panamera
Load my Glock in a Panamera
Count guap in the Panamera
I'm getting top in a Panamera

[Verse One]
Young nigga 

[?]
I pull up in the Panamera
Young nigga in the Panamera
Flexin' up in the Panamera
Candy white on my Panamera
Sellin' that dope through America
Yeah, nigga, I be flexin'
Yeah, nigga, I be flexin'
Yeah, nigga, I be flexin'
Yeah, nigga, I be flexin'
Countin' money in a Panamera
Countin' money in a Panamera
So much money all in the air
Throw a hundred thousand, nigga, I don't care
I'm a young nigga so you know I splurge
Sittin' back in a Panamera
Drop the top off the Porsche
Roof, yeah, got divorced
Don't ask the price, I'd afford
I don't ask the price, I can afford it
I don't ask the price, I can afford it
Balenciaga, no Jordans
Don't ask the price, I can afford it
Don't ask the price, I can afford it
Balenciaga, no Jordans
Whole lotta lean pourin'

[Chorus]

[Verse Two]
I'm rich as fuck in a Panamera
Worth twenty plus in a Panamera
These niggas talkin', these niggas scary
They shootin' shots up in the air
Fifty K my chandelier
Young nigga, I'm gettin' money
My 

[?]
Click clack 

[?]
Bright day, right now
Got young niggas comin'
Young niggas gunnin'
Young niggas shooters
Young nigga movement
I got young nigga shooters
It's a young nigga movement
I flex hard, nigga, everyday
My whole squad, we gettin' cake
Shootin' niggas up in they face
Catch the case, then beat the case
Hundred K in the Panamera
I'm sellin' dope all through America
Pull up, these bitches starin'
I'm on fire, I'm on fire
Yeah, nigga
Rich Gang
Ten pints, ten pounds, roll up
It's a done deal, nigga

[Chorus]

[Chorus]
Now I put fifties and hundreds inside my bankroll
Ridin' through the city in that Rolls Royce
It's just how we roll
Cause we roll
I got fifties and hundreds inside my bankroll
Bad bitches 

[?]
So we gone, gone
Gone, gone

[Verse]
I got fifties and hundreds inside my bankroll
Sippin' on lean, it made me go slow
On the stage and I'm in beast mode
Hundreds in my bankroll
Ridin' through the city and we turnt up
Lean inside my double-cup
Pulled up in a Lambo
Hop out like Rambo
Lotta goons, lotta ammo
Lotta guns, lotta ammo

[Chorus]
Now I put fifties and hundreds inside my bankroll
Ridin' through the city in that Rolls Royce
It's just how we roll
Cause we roll
I got fifties and hundreds inside my bankroll
Bad bitches, they say they wanna' roll
So we gone, gone
Gone, gone
Now I put fifties and hundreds inside my bankroll
Ridin' through the city in that Rolls Royce
It's just how we roll
Cause we roll
I got fifties and hundreds inside my bankroll
Bad bitches 

[?]
So we gone, gone
Gone, gone

[Chorus]
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, auto-start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, auto-start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, auto-start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, push to start
Foreign whip, push to start

[Verse One]
Foreign whip, push to start
All the money, trappin' hard
Niggas ain't got no heart
In the hood, servin' through the burglar bars
Shout out to my team
Lamborghini green
Pourin' up a sixteen, court on the sixteenth
Flat screen, HD
All white everything, killers 

[?]
Pounds of the OG
Ridin' through Zone 3
Nigga, I'm low-key
Pussy nigga, you don't know me
Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah! if a nigga approach me
And I'm comin' through your speaker
Kindergarden, had a beeper
In the two-seater with cheetahs
In the hood, I got my heater
Diamonds look like Mona Lisa
My trap got that Soulja fever
I'm flyin' the bricks out to Costa Rica
I got more clips than a motion picture
I fell in love with my desert eagle
Call up Skipper, tell him "bring the pistol"
We throwin' grenades and shootin' missiles
The Margiela footprint is so official
My diamonds is shinin', you cannot miss 'em
Soulja

[Chorus x2]

[Chorus]
Got them choppers on deck, just like Rambo
Two pistols on my hip, I got ammo
My young niggas shoot straight through the peephole
In the club with them bottles of the Clicquot
Rambo, Rambo
In the club with them choppers like I'm Rambo
In the club, poppin' bottles of the Clicquot
Rambo, Rambo

[Verse One]
Two choppers on me, like I'm Rambo
My young niggas, they shoot shit straight through the peephole
In the club with ten bottles of the Clicquot
I got dope runnin' through from West to East Coast
And my young niggas shoot you like a free-throw
He 

[?] shoot at your people
All these guns in the trap, man, we shoot niggas up
All these choppers in this van when we pullin' up
Drive by in the Lamborghini, them niggas, they stinkin'
My niggas, we blingin'
The fuck is you thinkin'?
My niggas, we leanin'
Shout out to my team cause we schemin'
Fifty K in on the weekend
My niggas anemic
We shoppin' at Neiman's

[Chorus]

[Verse Two]
I hit the club, and I make it rain
Two Glocks up on me, like I'm Max Payne
Shoulda strap with the chopper
I got that chopper, mane
Take this shit to war, take this shit so far
Hop up out the whip, dressed in camo
Choppers on my shoulder, like I'm Rambo
I got them choppers in the Lambo
Hop up out my whip, click-clack-bam, ho
Ready for war, anytime, anyplace
We shoot at your face
We catchin' the case, then we beatin' the case
We dumpin' your body, it's off in the lake
I'm pumpin the brakes
I'm smokin' that gas with no brakes
We up in the money, you late
You talkin' that shit, then the bullets, they hittin' your face

[Chorus x2]

[Intro]
Young Millionaire, young millionaire is the movement
Young millionaire, swish, swish

[Hook]
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Hey ya, hey hey hey
Swisha
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Swisha
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Hey ya, hey hey hey
Swisha

[Verse 1]
Yeah I'm ballin, I'm ballin'
Money like Spalding
And you know that I'm riding in a foreign
And you know I'm a ball like Jordan
I'm a ball like Jordan
I'm a ball like Jordan
I'm a ball like Jordan, just like Michael Jordan
And the rest wyle out when we pull up to the club
The otha girls runnin' up to me and they wanna give me a hug
Say rich gang where we claimin', pullin' up on 20st thug
Cause y'all don't look like a car show
Got money all on us
Hey, say we got money all on us
I pull up in that truck
And know just they wanna fuck
Hey, hey hey hey
Woah woah woah
Swish, swish

[Hook]
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Hey ya, hey hey hey
Swisha
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Swisha
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Hey ya, hey hey hey
Swisha

[Verse 2]
Money, they be fallin' out my pocket
Pharaoh gama belt with the Louie wallet
I miss smashin' this designer from China
I got a bad bitch and she rock designer
Said I'm ballin', money, it be callin'
Ridin' in a foreign, look like Michael Jordan
All this money comin' like and it is well, a fortune
Money comin' in, I build a ton and I torch it
All this money comin' in, you know she like my style
Pull up to the club, you know I flex like this 1000
Money it be stackin', it ain't nothin' that I'm pillin'
I'm pillin', money I be pillin'
That Ciroc got her wylin'
She be on the island, she be wylin'
And she know that I'm a trendin' topic
Money I be guapin', Pharaoh got more shoppin'
Ground floor shoppin', young soulja be guapin'
Swish swish

[Hook]
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Hey ya, hey hey hey
Swisha
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Swisha
I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
Hey ya, hey hey hey
Swisha

[Intro]

[Verse 1]
You hold it, in your hands
And let it flow, this cruelty
Of youth as you fall again
Alone, In the compromise of truth

[Chorus]
It's in the eyes
I can tell, you will always be danger
We had it tonight, why do you leave it open?

[Verse 2]
And the stakes remain too high
For this silent mind
And the shake, the lonely itch
That courses down my spine
To leave a love divine
Don’t leave a love divine
Its a water tight excuse

[Chorus]
It's in the eyes
I can tell, you will always be danger
We had it tonight, why do you always seek absolution?
It's in the eyes
I can tell you will always be danger

[Verse 3]
How does the earth around your feet
Just slip away?
And the bandit that greets you in the night
With snake eyes, the most precious kind

[Chorus]
It's in the eyes!
I can tell, you will always be danger!
We had it tonight! Why do you always seek absolution?
It's in the eyes!
I can tell you will always be danger!

[Outro]

[Intro - Sample]

[Verse 1]
Woke up in a hot tub, spillin' Moet, in the water
Then I light my marijuana, take a shot up out the choppa
J's jumpin' out the locker, spend a little guapa
She want candy, Aaron Carter
I called her Candy when I saw her
Pull up with my brothers
Candy-painted flyin' saucer
Test me, you'll get flyin' colors

[Pre-Chorus]
Hunnid bitches comin' up the steps
Turn the front lights on, when I know they on they way
She said she don't wanna do too much drugs
Believe me, baby, I do this shit like every day, like every day

[Chorus]
She don't want a thing, I don't want a thing
She come over, pop a couple beans
And that's it, and that's it, ayy
She don't want a thing, I don't want a thing
She come over, pop a couple beans
And that's it, and that's it
(Stoney, Stoney, uh, yeah)

[Verse 2]
Wanna talk about them Martins?
Do you wanna talk about them Jordans?
Enjoy a 40 every mornin', Everclear and some recordin'
101, on the 101 like Jeff Gordon
I just popped a pill, she just popped a pill
And we might just pop some more, I ain't stoppin' 'til like 20
Up until like 4, SmartWater like some dummies
Takin' shots up out the semi, that shit kill me like I'm Kenny

[Pre-Chorus]
Uh, bitches walkin' down the steps
Turn the front lights off, got a blunt all to myself
No, I don't want all this shit to get too deep
But listen, baby, there ain't no shit with you and me
No "you and me," no

[Chorus]
She don't want a thing, I don't want a thing
She come over, pop a couple beans
And that's it, and that's it, ayy
She don't want a thing, I don't want a thing
She come over, pop a couple beans
And that's it, and that's it
And that's it

[Outro - Sample]

[Intro]

[Verse 1]
Oh babe, meet me in Tompkins Square Park
I wanna hold you in the dark
One last time
Just one last time
And oh babe, can you tell what’s on my tongue?
Can you guess that I’ll be gone with the twilight?
With the twilight

[Chorus]
But no flame burns forever, oh no
You and I both know this all too well
And most don't even last the night
No, they don't, they say they don't

[Verse 2]
Oh babe, I've never been so lost
I wanna hear you lie
One last time
Just one last time
But oh, babe, I really wish you would not cry
I only ever told you one lie
When it could have been a thousand
It might as well have been a thousand

[Chorus 2]
But no flame burns forever, oh no
You and I both know this all too well
And most don't even last the night
No, they don't, they say they don't
And we can talk it 'round again, girl
'Round and 'round, 'round and 'round again
Or we could leave it out tonight
Leave it out, just leave it out

[Bridge]
I never tried to trick you, babe
I just tried to work it out
But I was swallowed up by doubt
If only things were black and white
'Cause I just wanna hold you tight
Without holding back my mind
Without holding back my mind

[Guitar Solo]

[Chorus 1]
But no flame burns forever, oh no
You and I both know this all too well
And most don't even last the night
No, they don't, they say they don't

[Outro]

[Intro/Segue]

[Verse 1]
You may call it in this evening
But you've only lost the night
Preset all your pretty feelings
May they comfort you tonight
And I'm climbing over something
And I'm running through these walls

[Chorus]
I don't even know if I believe
I don't even know if I believe
I don't even know if I believe
Everything you're trying to say to me

[Verse 2]
I had the strangest feeling
Your world's not all it seems
So tired of misconceiving
What else this could've been

[Chorus]
I don't even know if I believe
I don't even know if I believe
I don't even know if I believe
Everything you're trying to say to me
So open up my eyes
Tell me I'm alive
This is never gonna go our way
If I'm gonna have to guess what's on your mind

[Guitar Solo]

[Bridge]
Say something, say something
Something like you love me
Lest you want to move away
From the noise of this place

[Chorus]
I don't even know if I believe
I don't even know if I believe
I don't even know if I wanna believe
Anything you're trying to say to me
So open up my eyes
Tell me I'm alive
This is never gonna go our way
If I'm gonna have to guess what's on your mind
So open up my eyes
Tell me I'm alive
This is never gonna go our way
If I'm gonna have to guess what's on your mind

[Verse 1]
Loneliness and all
I was stuck to the spot without a friend
Alone again
And I hunger and I thirst
For some shiver
For some whispered words
And a promise to come

[Hook]
And you saw me low
Alone again
Didn't they say that only love will win in the end

[Verse 2]
I didn't fool you but I failed you
In short, made a fool out of you
And a younger heart
And I rage and I rage
But perhaps I will come of age
And be ready for you

[Hook]
And you saw me low
Alone again
Didn't they say that only love will win in the end
Didn't they say that only love will win in the end
And you saw me low
Alone again
Didn't they say that only love will win in the end
Didn't they say that only love will win in the end

[Intro]

[Verse 1]
Wide eyed, with a heart made full of fright
Your eyes follow like tracers in the night
And the tightrope that you wander every time
You have been weighed, you have been found wanting

[Chorus 1]
Been wandering for days
How you felt me slip your mind
Leave behind your wanton ways
I want to learn to love in kind
'Cause you were all I ever longed for

[Interlude]

[Verse 2]
Shelter, you better keep the wolf back from the door
He wanders ever closer every night
And how he waits, baying for blood
I promised you everything would be fine

[Chorus 1]
Been wandering for days
How you felt me slip your mind
Leave behind your wanton ways
I want to learn to love in kind
'Cause you were all I ever longed for

[Instrumental]

[Bridge]
Hold my gaze, love, you know I want to let it go
We will stare down at the wonder of it all
And I will hold you in it
And I will hold you in it

[Chorus 2]
Been wandering for days
How you felt me slip your mind
Leave behind your wanton ways
I want to look you in the eye
'Cause you were all I ever longed for

[Chorus 1]
Been wandering for days
How you felt me slip your mind
Leave behind your wanton ways
I want to learn to love in kind
'Cause you were all I ever longed for

[Intro]

[Verse 1]
It's in my blood, it's in my water
You tried to tame me, tame me from the start
With that deadness in your eye, flash your flesh
Desperate for a need to rise

[Pre-Chorus]
With a silver crystal on
How well you used to know how to shine
And the place looks safe from harm
But I had been blessed with a wilder mind

[Chorus]
You can be every little thing you want nobody to know
And you can try to drown out the street below
And you can call it love if you want

[Verse 2]
Beholden now, I find myself awake
Waiting on the edge again
You sleep so sound with your mind made up
Drinking from your cup of broken ends

[Pre-Chorus]
With a silver crystal on
How well you used to know how to shine
And the place looks safe from harm
But I had been blessed with a wilder mind

[Chorus]
You can be every little thing you want nobody to know
And you can try to drown out the street below
And you can call it love if you want

[Bridge]
But I thought we believed in an endless love
But I thought we believed in an endless love

[Outro]

[Verse 1]
Tell my thoughts to resign
And lift you from my mind
I'm not ready, I'm not strong enough
To cradle the weight of your love
Just take a minute, take a breath
Lay down your head on my sunken chest
I saw a flicker then just smoke
But as you left, I was calling your name at the night

[Chorus]
Thought we were done
And young love would keep us young
I thought we were done
And young love would keep us young

[Verse 2]
I thought we fell to the ground
I see you whimper with no sound
Open my mouth to breathe some words of peace
But the silence gives nothing back to me
So I'll be a shadow of the flame
I leant down to kiss you then erased my name
And I'll be a whisper on the wind
My hands are shaking from holding so tight for so long

[Bridge]
The flame burnt out in our empty hands
But now I see it's got nothing to do
It's got nothing to do with you

[Chorus]
I thought we were done
And young love would keep us young
I thought we were done
And young love would keep us young

[Outro]
(Why do I keep falling) I thought we were done
(Why do I keep falling) And young love would keep us young
(Why do I keep falling) I thought we were done
(Why do I keep falling) And young love would keep us young
So we were out
Thowin' dice in the dark
I saw you late, last night, come to harm
I saw you dance, in the devil's arms

The night kept coming
Really nothing I could do
Eyes with a fire, unquenched, by peace
Cass the beauty, Cass the queen

So we come
To a place of no return
Yours is the face, which makes my body burn
And here is the name, that our sons will learn:
Cass the beauty, Cass the queen
Cass the beauty, lead me

So when you're weak
When you are on your knees
I'll do my best, with the time, that's left
Swan with your spirit, you are fully flesh
So fuck your dreams
Don't you pick at our seams
I'll turn into a monster for you, if you pay me enough
None of this counts, if you just, plough it up

So we come
To a place of no return
Yours is the face, which makes my body burn
And here is the name, that our sons will learn:
Cass the beauty, Cass the queen
Cass the beauty, lead me

[Intro]

[Verse 1]
Broad-shouldered beasts fill the sky
Manhattan beats at the night
But you are wrapped up in wire
Curled up in fright
So I took you to the city for the night
To dance under dizzy silver lights
But for a moment, you were wild
With abandon like a child, just a moment

[Pre-Chorus]
But wasn't it you who said I was not free
And wasn't it you who said I needed peace
And now it's you who's floored by fear of it all

[Chorus]
But it's alright
Take it out on me
But it's alright
Take it out on me

[Verse 2]
These apartment walls are paper thin
And no one is trying to listen in
What to hear our doubts
Hear our whispered shouts, they don't care

[Pre-Chorus]
Wasn't it you who said I was not free
And wasn't it you who said I needed peace
And now it's you who's floored by fear of it all

[Chorus]
But it's alright
Take it out on me
But it's alright
Take it out on me

[Bridge]
But when you feel the world wrapping round your neck
Feel my hand round yours
And when you feel the world wrapping round your neck
Don't succumb

[Chorus]
But it's alright
Take it out on me
But it's alright
Take it out on me
But it's alright
Take it out on me

[Verse 1]
Weekend wreckers take the streets
With abandon in their eyes
But in our bedroom we're bloodshot and beat
And never so alive

[Hook]
And I know what's on your mind
God knows I put it there
But if I took it back
We'd be nowhere
You'd be nowhere again

[Verse 2]
Now look at you all torn up
I left you waiting to bleed
I guess the truth works two ways
Maybe the truth's not what we need

[Hook]
But in my cold arms
You don't sleep
In my cold arms
Your fear beats
In my cold arms
You stay

[Verse 1]
And in time
As one reminds the other of the past
A life lived much too fast to hold onto
How am I losing you?

A broken house
Another dry month waiting for the rain
And I had been resisting this decay
I thought you'd do the same

[Hook]
But this is all I ever was
And this is all you came across those years ago
Now you go too far
Don't tell me that I've changed because that's not the truth
And now I'm losing you

[Verse 2]
Fragile sound
The world outside just watches as we crawl
Crawl towards a life of fragile lines
And wasted time
And so I cry
As I hold you for the last time in this life
This life I tried so hard to give to you
What would you have me do?

[Hook]
But this is all I ever was
And this is all you came across those years ago
Now you go too far
Don't tell me that I've changed because that's not the truth
And now I'm losing you

[Bridge]
Where I used to end was where you start
You were the only one
And now I see your eyes move too fast
You were the only one

[Verse 3]
Careful hands
And wandering without that much to say
Your words are empty as the bed we made
Is there another way?
Oh love, is there another way?

[Hook]
But this is all I ever was
And this is all you came across those years ago
Now you go too far
Don't tell me that I've changed because that's not the truth
And now I'm losing you
And now I'm losing you

[Outro]

[Verse 1]
There is no great thing, to stop and sing
Waiting for the rain
And this perfect pill, it's all too much
On the edge again
Don't look away
Couldn't help but note the cold disdain
In your precious face
Why do you always speak when you have no grace
In your precious face

[Chorus 1]
But even in the dark I saw you were the only one alone
At these hot gates you spit your vitriol
Though you swore you wouldn't do this anymore
And I can't be for you all of the things you want me to
But I will love you constantly
There's precious little else to me
And though we cry, we must stay alive

[Verse 2]
Another fragile edge, and a tender sound
And then you went aground
Near a duller blade, a promise out of sight
There's nothing here for you tonight

[Chorus 2]
But even in the dark I saw you were the only one alone
At these hot gates you spit your vitriol
Though you swore you wouldn't do this anymore
And I can't be for you all of the things you want me to
But I will love you constantly
There's precious little else to me
And though we cry, we must stay alive

[Verse 3]
Let my blood only run out when my world decides
There is no way out of your only life
So run on, run on!

[Intro: Action Bronson]
Heartbreak drowned sorrows in a large steak

[Chorus: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl, I'm blue

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Because you treat me like shit
I paid for the bed and never even slept in it
I paid for that crib I never stepped foot in
And now somebody else is eating all the pudding
Things change, now my dashboard wooden
All black Benz, like a young Doc Gooden
Dark shades, 'cause I'm stone crazy
Girl, we grown, stop playin' on my phone, baby
All your childish attempts to make me angry fall short
Which only fuels the rage you have, because you have nothing
Understandable, I'm shinin' brilliant with five Brazilians
There were times I used to hide my feelings
Now I'm butt naked in the Lamborghini
And motherfuckers can't see me
Wait 'til this chick see me on TV, I make the shit look easy
Who would've thought I hit you right back?

[Chorus: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl, I'm blue

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
So many women wanna call me 'baby'
And you wonder why the fuck that I ain't call you lately
Some would say that I'm the symbol for sex and, uh
Others would hate, but I don't give 'em no breath
Go on a date, I'm at the crib with the chef and, uh
That's me, and you could order whatever
The specialty is white snake and underwear sauce
You could probably catch me somewhere where the sun is next
And I understand that's only 'cause I'm popular
I'm getting topped off in the front row of the opera
As Bocelli sings, the celly rings, I gotta go
You'll never know how good it feels to lay in bed with king
I'm not exactly flawless, but I'm gorgeous, just like a horse is
I know the thought of me succeeding makes a lot of people nauseous
Still, I'm on the back of the boat taking pictures with the swordfish

[Chorus: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl, I'm blue

[Verse 3: Chance The Rapper]
I hope you get a paper cut on your tongue
From a razor in a paper cup
I hope every soda you drink already shaken up
I hope your dreams dry like raisins in the baking sun
I hope your titties all saggy in your early twenties
I hope there's always snow in your driveway
I hope you never get off Fridays
And you work at a Friday's that's always busy on Fridays
I hope you win the lottery and lose your ticket
I hope it's Ben and Socrates poop all up in your kitchen
I hope the zipper on your jacket get stuck
And your headphones short, and your charger don't work
And you spill shit on your shirt
I hope your tears don't hurt, and I can smile in your face
Cut my losses, how Delilah changed my locks to a fade
I hope you happy, I hope you happy
I hope you ruined this shit for a reason, I hope you happy (Igh!)

[Chorus: Action Bronson]
Why you always all on my back?
Why you gotta do me like that?
Why you gotta act like a bitch when I'm with you?
Baby girl, I'm blue

[Outro: Chance The Rapper & Zane Lowe]
La, la la la la
La la la la
La la la la
La la la la
La la la la
La la la la

[Produced by Mark Ronson]
I’ll take one question. I wanted to vibe off an idea, and then I can riff off of that…they said I’ve got 20 minutes or so, I might go longer

OK, everyone please be completely quiet, because I can literally hear a whisper, and it’ll throw off my stream of consciousness, and when I get my stream of consciousness going that’s when I give the best, illest quotes. Literally, a whisper can throw it off

Today was the first time I realised, If I could have done it again I would have gone to the Art Institute over the American Academy of Art, I would have researched where I could have got the best and the strongest education

And I’m sure this will end up online, so I don’t want to diss anyone at the American Academy, I’m sure it’s equal to the Art Institute of Chicago by now, but at the time I was going I would look around at the work of the class and not feel inspired by the teachers, and I kinda, the idea of being a fine artist, that’s a really difficult profession to get into, to be respected in, to make money at.  Maybe the goal for some of the people was just to work at an advertising agency or at a record label

My goal, if I was going to do art, fine art, would have been to become Picasso or greater

That always sounds so funny to people, comparing yourself to someone in the past that has done so much, and in your life you’re not even allowed to think that you can do as much. That’s a mentality that suppresses humanity

Some of you here probably remember the night when the Donda tweets came through me and I started talking about professions that you guys are going into, that seemed they had nothing to do with a rapper. I was talking about a band of thinkers that could remove religion, race, gender, and somehow come together to find solutions for a broken planet

We have the resources as a civilization to find a utopia, but we’re led by the most greedy and the least noble

What I notice about creatives is that, and one of the reasons why I get into trouble, is, not only do I want to design video games, or make music, or ride bikes, I think one of the most important things to my ability to create so much in the past 30 years is my desire to play sports. I approach creativity like a sport, where if I have a drawing I react just like a jock: LOOK AT THE FUCKING DRAWING RIGHT THERE YEAH!

We’re all creatives here, we’re all born artists. Some people are artists of business, some people are artists of composition

We were taught to hide our black fingernail polish and put our head down in the back of the class and not notice out of fear that someone might laugh at one of our ideas – that our idea could become a mockery or a failure in some way
There’s a Bible saying, ‘No weapon formed against me shall prosper’. Recently I’ve been doing interviews and I’ve had to go back to this verse because I don’t think there’s a living celebrity with more weapons formed against them, but I also don’t think there’s one more prosperous. So what weapons have prospered? The smoke and mirrors of other opinions

I was sitting with Steve McQueen, he shot the visuals for All Day two days ago, it’s completely different to the Brit awards

So it doesn’t get taken out of context, I’m going to use the word ‘like’. I’m not saying it is, I’m using it as a comparison. So people that want to say ‘Kanye goes to Oxford and tells everyone blah blah blah’. And I’m not telling you this. I’m telling you what I told Steve McQueen in private

What I said was The Matrix is like the Bible of the post-information age

I compared it like, when the hundred guys come at Neo, those are opinions, that’s perception, that’s tradition. Attacking people from every which angle possible. If you have a focus wide and master senses like Laurence Fishburne and you have a squad behind you, you literally can put the world in slow motion

It’s still February, right? (security guard shakes his head, everyone laughs)

By the way, I don’t know the days of the week. I just go to exactly when my appointment is

We’d just look at each other and say, it’s still February. For the sheer mount of work that we were able to put into the world. Some of the stuff had been worked on for years coming, months coming. But nonetheless they came back to back to back to back. Answering every crazy interview question, blocking every shot, catching every rebound. Aside from the right I don’t have to give my opinion publicly about artists, I probably would have been batting 2000. I know that’s incorrect also

This humanity that I talk about, this civilization that I talk about, this future utopia I talk about…it can only happen through collaboration

I love Steve Jobs, he’s my favorite person, but there’s one thing that disappoints me. When Steve passed he didn’t give the ideas up. That’s kinda selfish. You know that Elon’s like ‘yeah, take these ideas’. Maybe there are companies outside of Apple that could work on them and push humanity forward. Maybe the stock brokers won’t like that, the stock holders wouldn’t like that idea, but ideas are free and you can’t be selfish with them

I think that progression of mind with the advent of a human being named Drake (laughs, smirks, crowd laughs) you know, this idea of holding onto a number 1 spot. And then you get this guy that comes and blows out the water every number 1 of any band ever. Be it me, or Paul McCartney 

[laughs]

I understand that I’m a servant. And with my voice, with my ability to build relationships with amazing people, speak to amazing people. Call Elon Musk out of the blue, or call Obama out of the blue…he calls the home phone, by the way

With that, I have a responsibility to serve. Why do I say the Matrix is like the Bible? What is my definition of the Matrix? 

[he never answered this]
I work with an artist called Vanessa Beecroft, and she bought my daughter some toys

I’d see toys that some people would buy for my daughter and I’d say this toy isn’t quality. I don’t want my daughter playing with this. There’s not enough love put into this, this is just manufactured with the will to sell, and not the will of inspiration

Vanessa is very focused, she’s like my eyes, she’s a piece of my brain. She bought my daughter these three wolves, knowing the whole collection, that it’d play with the song Wolves, and based on this concept. And when my daughter saw these wolves, I’ve never seen her so happy. She was going so crazy, she was grabbing one, she was riding on top of one…I’ve never seen her happier than this moment. That level of happiness seems to be the thing that we’re fighting for every day, that we’re trying to buy back, trying to work for, especially in America

In America people really do wear $3000 shirts. For real. Here and in Stockholm people will be like ‘oh dude, it’s a $3000 shirt’

I’m assuming I’m probably wearing a $2000 shirt but I got it for free from the designer so

We’ve been sold a concept of joy through advertising, through car advertising, through fashion branding. It’s not the concept of time, time with your family, time with your friends, the little time that we do have on earth and what we do with that. It was somehow sold to us through a Gucci bag or something

Time is the only luxury. It’s the only thing you can’t get back. If you lose your luggage – I’m not gonna say the obvious brand of luggage that I’d normally say because I’ve got a meeting with them soon – if you lose your expensive luggage at the airport, you can get that back. You can’t get the time back

It feels like people do everything in life to get this BMW, this Benz, to get this townhome, to get 2.5 kids exactly. One of them has to be small, y’know!

And you’re looking for this moment where you sit in your BMW after all the work you’ve done and all the accolades you get, and you somehow think you’re gonna get that level of joy that my daughter had when she received those wolves. And when you’re sitting in traffic in your BMW, it’s something that feels empty. To everyone who reaches that point. This concept of the selfish human, this idea of separation by race, or gender, or religion, or age, or my favourite thing to hate, class

People say it takes a village to raise a child. People ask me how my daughter is doing. She’s only doing good if your daughter’s doing good. We’re all one family

We have the ability to approach our race like ants, or we have the ability to approach our race like crabs

This is a generation that is far less racist – yes, small remnants remain of even thinking of calling something of a racial slur

White people that listen to rap say ‘nigger’…in the privacy of their own home
That idea 

[racism], has passed. We’ve had The Cosby Show, Obama’s president, Beyonce’s great…that’s passed. But there’s still something you’re taught every day, especially in the UK, and that’s division by class. Our main focus, in my opinion…Imagine a world with no war, and imagine if everyone’s main focus, more so than going out to a club, their main focus was to help someone else

I was joking with an interviewer earlier today…people talk about the number of viewers the Brits get, or the number of viewers the Grammys get. They need to do award shows for the Nobel Peace Prize, but I guess that doesn’t sell as many MasterCard commercials. Oh, I mentioned a brand! 

[looks disappointed]…I had two things…I was trying to get a flawless victory on my speech! No offence to MasterCard…but that was a big fucking logo in the middle!

You guys have been taught, without you knowing, ways to separate yourselves from each other. If you’re separated, you can be easily controlled. If you’re too busy pointing fingers at each other, rather than holding hands, you can’t get anything done

You know, Chris Rock called my album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy…well, Chris Rock and everyone else at every single media publication called My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy the best album of the last 25 years. This only came through collaboration

One of the most memorable things about MBDTF was Nicki Minaj, and the fact that she kicked my ass, on my own song, on one of the best albums…the best album – I’m just saying what the critics said – of the last 25 years. The best album of the past 25 years that I spent a year and a half making, out there. I was exiled from my country, it was a personal exile, but exile. To come back and deliver my magnum opus of a work, and to be outshined…to be beat by a girl, basically

This was necessary. I think it was one of the most important points of working on that album, was to not stop her from her moment because of how good she is. Just think of a comparison, if you think about why did it take so long for the new Yeezys to come out? Why did I have to leave one group and go to another group? Why did that group not want to speak to me? I think the Yeezys I was doing over there were comparable to that Nicki Minaj verse. Because these guys were like ‘we’re worrying about this shoe, we’re gonna put it on this celebrity’. And the head’s son would come and say ‘my favourite shoe is the Yeezy’. And it’s like ‘ahhh, I can’t hear about these YEEZYS anymore!’. Like everyone talking about Nicki’s verse, ‘I can’t hear about this verse anymore!’. It was gonna work for her anyway, but let’s just say that in some way in helped give her exposure. She was able to go on and become a successful, and fly, and run, and dream, and provide. And it was not locked because of my career

One of my biggest Achilles heels has been my ego. And if I, Kanye West, the very person, can remove my ego, I think there’s hope for everyone

When I talk about collaboration and the creative process, the best idea wins

I’m proud of the consistency of the performances I’ve done since I’ve been out here. And it comes from four would-be egomaniacs coming out and being forced to work together. The best lighting guy on the planet, the best staging guy, the best video guy, another staging guy, a guy with a laptop for no reason…To be able to deliver, back to back to back, extremely successful, inspiring, groundbreaking, visual, visceral, creative moments that otherwise would have been challenged. And the kid from Chicago screaming from the top of the stage for 40 minutes in a row. I’ve had to pull that card out a few times. Not particularly screaming, but remember, I will scream

My momma taught me that if I was in a grocery store and I’m by myself and a stranger grabbed my hand, scream at the top of your fucking lungs. If I’m at an awards show and a stranger grabs my hand and they say so we’re going to use these moving lights, or we’re gonna play the music right now before we define the look, or we’re gonna cut the TV cameras in a traditional way. I’ll scream at the top of my fucking lungs

People say I have a bad reputation. I think I’ve got the best reputation in the building. They want you to have a reputation of tucking your black nail polish into your pockets and sitting in the corner of the class, and not fighting for your ideas out of fear of being ridiculed

That’s one of my favourite ones…to be called crazy

I remember when I was young and saw my dad working on computers. And the guy he was working with ended up being a bad guy. And the guys that helped him, that he had the voice to find, didn’t have the same motivation, a high enough skill set to match up to his vision, to his dream, for it to be considered to be a success. But the success is that his successor will be successful in his lifetime. You could say "But you are successful?" i’m successful in learning about the beauty that is afforded to rich people. But in learning that, being brought up, middle class, it’s something that is beating out of my chest. ‘Wait a second, I was middle class, and I didn’t get to see none of this shit!’

Let’s have an NBC telethon moment, and say that beauty has been stolen from the people and is being sold back to them under the concept of luxury!

It’s illegal to not wear clothes, and also possibly too cold. That means someone is imposing an idea on you that should legally have to do! Clothing should be like food. There should never be a $5000 sweater. You know what should cost $5000? A car should be $5000. And you know who should work on the car? The people that work on the $500,000 cars. All the best talent in the world needs to work for the people. And I am so fucking serious about this concept that I will stand in front of anyone and fight for it. Because I was 14 and middle class. I know what it felt like to not get what I have

People say to me ‘you’re successful, what are you crying about?’. I’m crying about the people. I’m crying about their daughters. Our daughters, as one family. What good is it? What good is anything that everyone can’t have? Every ism. They think we’re done with racism. What about elitism, what about separatism, what about classism? That’s all

[Intro]
This is a special time

[Chorus]
I put in the hours, you can count on it
Knowledge is power, you can trust no bitch
You can trust no bitch, they can flip the switch
Knowledge is power, you can trust no bitch

[Verse 1]
Know me
Wipe your tears and console me
That he ain't good enough for me
Shake those insecurities
Listen
I got my intuition
I see right through your
"Stick-together, girls-forever" man-snatching tricks
Monday
You call me up about Friday
Then disappear until Sunday
Back here tryna talk your shit (Oh)

[Chorus]
I put in the hours, you can count on it
Knowledge is power, you can trust no bitch
You can trust no bitch, they can flip the switch
Knowledge is power, you can trust no bitch

[Verse 3]
Drama
Ever heard about karma?
Just a word about trauma
That's what you have coming to you
Besties
Had your hands on his testies
Hope you loved every second of your violated STDs
Girlfriend
You just did me a favor
I know human behavior
Time to elevate my shit (Oh)

[Chorus]
I put in the hours, you can count on it
Knowledge is power, you can trust no bitch
You can trust no bitch, they can flip the switch
I put in the hours, you can trust no bitch

[Outro: Madonna & Natalia Kills]
And by the way, you're as cheap as your weave
(And as fake as your tits)

[Hook: Kandi Burrus]
Before you jump in the game
Let's get one thing understood
If you're selling that ice cream
Then you got to make sure it's good
Mr. Ice Cream man, Mr. Ice Cream man
Mr. Ice Cream man, Mr. Ice Cream man

[Verse: Gucci Mane]
Yo my swag sick like the bird flu
And I'm going in like a curfew
I sell ice cream, yeah the herbs too
Got some ice cream, I can serve you
Tight jean cutie, nice little booty

[?] free my nigga Lil Boosie
Million dollar chain, I'm Ice Cream Gucci
Pull up to the hood and the top just lose it
Before it came to pass I was selling grass
When the task force came I was mailing bags
Steal the stash cause it's hell to pay
Lord knows I ain't trying to go to jail today
He might've stayed, and he might've ran
Got two flippers right now, white and tan
Maybe the man and I've got a thousand grams
And the shit go right we buy a thousand Lambs
It's over with, pack over with
Ain't a junkie in town with a sober bitch
I rock crazy ice, bipolar shit
I'm the coldest rapper and y'all noticed it
It's over with, pack over with
It ain't a junkie in town with a sober bitch
I rock crazy ice, bipolar shit
I'm the coldest rapper and y'all noticed it

[Hook: Kandi Burrus]
Before you jump in the game
Let's get one thing understood
If you're selling that ice cream
Then you got to make sure it's good
Mr. Ice Cream man, Mr. Ice Cream man
Mr. Ice Cream man, Mr. Ice Cream man

[Verse 1]
When you see him, look him in the eye
Look him in the eye, and he won't dare to follow
If you need to, hook him with your right
Hook him with your right till he wiggles and wallows

[Verse 2]
He sleeps atop a bag of raven's legs
Curled up rats napping by his head
Takes his eye out with a ball point pen
And makes nunchaku with his torn off legs

[Pre-Chorus]
You wake up with a hatchet over your head
You wake up with a hatchet over your head

[Chorus]
I can see you running
I can see you running
Gone in the blink of my eye
Gone gone gone in the blink of my eye
I can see you running
I can see you running
Gone in the blink of my eye
Gone, gone, gone in the blink of my, blink of my

[Verse 3]
Open your eyes choking on his breath
Choking on his breath, you grimace then smile
Take a toke of his wet cigarette
He picks your brains, you stub it on his chest

[Verse 4]
Slit his tongue with one fast hand
Stuff his mouth with the salty sand
Tie his arms with hair from his head
And roll him 'round like a rusty can

[Pre-Chorus]
You wake up with a hatchet over your head
You wake up with a hatchet over your head

[Chorus]
I can see you running
I can see you running
Gone in the blink of my eye
Gone gone gone in the blink of my eye
I can see you running
I can see you running
Gone in the blink of my eye
Gone gone gone in the blink of my, blink of my, blink of my

[Produced by Kid Cudi & Dot Da Genius]

[Verse 1]
I am happy to be alive
'Cause I know I could not be in a place that's filled with lies
Can't stand no quiet nights, while I fill up my glass with pride
Hopeful is all I know, how to keep me from silent cries
Nothing I can say, facing all this pain in my way

[Pre-Chorus]
I fight it every day
Why am I this way?
A nigga tryna maintain
I sit and tell myself, "Okay"
We gotta find another way
You gotta find another way
You gotta find another way

[Chorus]
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of

[Post-Chorus]
Now is the time to show what you're made of

[Verse 2]
I am happy to be alive
'Cause I know I could not be in a place so filled with lies
Can't stand no quiet nights, while I fill up my glass with pride
Hopeful is all I know, how to keep me from silent cries
Nothing I can say, done running from this pain in my way

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm fighting every day
Why am I this way?
A nigga tryna maintain
I sit and tell myself, "Okay"
We gotta find another way
You gotta find another way
You gotta find another way

[Chorus]
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of

[Chorus]
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of

[Post-Chorus]
Now is the time to show what you're made of

[Guitar]

[Chorus]
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of
Don't be so down, c'mon young homie
You'll be okay, you'll find real love
All of the stories, the hero gets lonely
Now is the time to show what you're made of
I don't even know what he said, I just know that the Grammys, if they want real artists to keep coming back, they need to stop playing with us. We ain't finna play with them no more. "***Flawless", Beyoncé video. And Beck needs to respect artistry, and he should've given his award to Beyoncé. And at this point, we're tired of it. Because what happens is, when you keep on diminishing art and not respecting the craft and smacking people in their face after they deliver monumental feats of music, you're disrespectful to inspiration. We as musicians have to inspire people who go to work every day, and they listen to that Beyoncé album and they feel like it takes them to another place. Then they do this whole promotional event, they'll run the music over somebody’s speech, the artist, because they want commercial advertising. Like, no, we not playing with them no more. By the way, I got my wife, I got my daughter and I got my clothing line, so I'm not going to do nothing to put my daughter at risk but I am here to fight for creativity. That's the reason why I didn’t say anything tonight. But y'all know what it meant when 'Ye walks on the stage

[Chorus]
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime

[Verse 1]
She was the neighborhood dream girl
Can look, but don't touch, they all wanna know us
If it ain't with me, then it can't be no one
When the groupies came to the show
When the money started to grow
You stayed down, don't play around
Look at this girl we made now
Been around the world and I came right back for your love
Forgive me for the days and nights I was cutting up
Wanted the motions in the ocean and emotions covered up
From flashing lights in the club to magazine covered up
Fly you to Miami and cop you floor seats
And you would always tell me your heart was for me
Way before the models ripped the runway
It was us, drop-tops, speeding down the runway

[Pre-Chorus]
So let’s go
I want you to know that you're special
I'll never compare you to no one
Baby, 'cause I know that your love comes
Once in a lifetime

[Chorus]
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime

[Verse 2]
And she was prom queen, I'm just a new Jack
My city tatted on my back, she had my back, I knew that
But I started looking for more
When they started feeling the flow
Them girls trouble
Come more than a lifetime and time don't wait for no one
I'm out here like I throw ones and they dance for me
My man he warn me how my come-up might just cancel me
Now I gotta go fix that, get that, hit that
He flip that in that like I used to be big D-A-D-D-Y
I'm so special, she can't have another dude that woo her
I got my Bugatti, but that just pickup new hers
That sears these years on lairs get weird
My fear is tears that smears and make-up
Don't ever make up, you better wake up

[Pre-Chorus]
So let’s go
I want you to know that you're special
I'll never compare you to no one
Baby, 'cause I know that your love comes
Once in a lifetime

[Chorus]
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime

[Bridge]
Only got one life to live
And I wanna spend it with you
Love the money and the cars, but listen, baby
You are what I’ve been missing
Only got one life to live
And I wanna spend it with you
Love the money and the cars, but listen, baby
You are what I’ve been missing

[Chorus]
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime
Nights go by and without you
I know your love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime

[Outro]
Only got one life to live
And I wanna spend it with you
Love comes once in a lifetime
Only got one life to live
And I wanna spend it with you
Love comes once in a lifetime
Love comes once in a lifetime

[Intro]
Yeeee-ah, buddy! (Wooo!) But, it fit right now (Ah yeah, I know right?), Gawd damn!
Man, FUCK them niggas!
Whoever they said they was, it don't even matta partna! (Yeah, fuck 'em!)
This the way we do, nigga (Ah huh!) The A in the buildin'!
It's whatever, they know where to find me at (Hmmm-hmmm!)
They know what's up (Right!), it's strictly business
Beef, drawma, whateva you wanna cawl it, nigga
Fuck 'em, we ball!

[Verse 1]
Yeah, anything you wanna do
I'm ready to do it, my nigga, just say so (just say so)
Don't say it on the record with your chest
Leave the booth and then go lay low ("okay guys, I'm goin' home")
Hidin' behind your security detail
Actin' like a female
I done sold over twenty million records
I could really give a fuck about retail (history's been made)
Now back to basics (basics)
Back to Adidas with the fat laces (what up, Rev Run?)
Back to the Ac,' where I'm ridin' to the track in the Jack
Get it straight, nigga, no chasers (ah)
Age ain't nothing but a number
Luda rappin' like he just turned twenty-four (happy birthday)
Any rapper wanna forget who I am
Every now and then I seem I gotta let em know (know)
Oh, must I remind ya?
You rap like somethin' behind ya (boo)
Got paid but your heart pump Kool Aid (yeah)
Cover Girl make up shoulda signed ya (hahaha)
But it's never too late (nope)
Fifteen years, nigga, never too great (nah)
Four years off gettin' Hollywood checks
But you niggas want beef and you lookin' like steak

[Chorus]
I see that liquor got you loose (got you loose) (got you loose)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
I'll make you niggas lose a tooth (lose a tooth) (lose a tooth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Fuck y'all niggas, I'm the truth (I'm the truth) (I am the truth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Now I'm like, fuck callin' a truce (callin' truce) (no truce)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth

[Verse 2]
Hol' up
Never fuck with a nigga who got some kids (no)
'Cause when you talk about me then you talk about them
Then I gotta come where you live (I'm on the way, nigga)
You takin' food out they mouth
Now I gotta put a fist in yours (blah)
I don't play about my hustle, a nigga got all these acres
All my neighbors think I'm flipping them birds (woo)
Nah, but I be flipping these words (yeah)
Anything you hear me saying, I could back up (back it up)
And you talk so tough on the mic
But whenever you in sight, nigga
Somethin' don't add up (don't add up)
Put your money where your mouth is (Yeah!), wait, put a gat where your blouse is
You think it's funny, cause it's sunny where your house is
Bitch, I'll put my muddy ass boots where your couch is
(Fuck yo couch!)
I live this shit, you know you do this just for show, nigga (Deja Vu!)
You act as if Ludacris just came and took your ho, nigga (Really!?)
You's a ho nigga (Whispers "Ho nigga"), yeah I said it twice
Let this be warning number two, motherfucker go and roll the dice

[Chorus]
I see that liquor got you loose (got you loose) (got you loose)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
I'll make you niggas lose a tooth (lose a tooth) (lose a tooth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Fuck y'all niggas, I'm the truth (I'm the truth) (I am the truth)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth (in the booth)
Now I'm like, fuck callin' a truce (callin' truce) (no truce)
When you see me, nigga
Say it like you said it in the booth

[Outro]
I already know fake, nigga (Yeuh!), all gas, no brakes, nigga (Hahahaha!)
All that Simon Says shit, y'all got goin' on
That, "Any-pat, pitta-pat" elementary, school ass shit (AH!)
The hell is you talkin' bout, nigga?
She's a fool and don't I know it
But a fool can have her charm
I'm in love and don't I show it
Like a babe in arms

Loves the same old sad sensation
Lately, I've not slept a wink
Since this half-pint imitation
Put me on the blink

I'm wild again, beguiled again
A simpering, whimpering child again
Bewitched, bothered and bewildered
Am I

Couldn't sleep and wouldn't sleep
Love came and told me I shouldn't sleep
Bewitched, bothered and bewildered
Am I

Lost my heart, but what of it
She's cold, I agree
She can laugh, but I love it
Although the laughs on me
I'll sing to her
Bring spring to her
And long for the day when I'll cling to her
Bewitched, bothered and bewildered
Am I

[Verse 1]
Looking for the one to blame is tough
Doesn't matter what you're talking about
She's gonna keep calling your bluff
We're not the only ones doing this

You see the buffalo, just another one in the road
We laugh about it in his face fall between the rock and the other place
I know how this goes, it's always gonna be the boy who gives
There's always gonna be the girl to please
Did you get out everything? I'll see

[Refrain]
Cause you love it all
Cause you'll find a way to keep on

[Verse 2]
He doesn't seem to get the joke
He's turning yellow, as the yolk
Someone take away his microphone
Pushed him off the stage 'till he's on his own
Can't feel a thing when he takes a shot
Ends up taking three right to the eyes
Cash in when the time is right
Can't stop by if he ever stops
Get down from there or fall
Don't make us wait, too long

[Refrain]
Cause you love it all
Cause you'll find a way to keep on
(Hold it on, cause you'll find a way to keep on)
Cause you love it all
Cause you'll find a way
Cause you love it all
Cause you'll find a way to keep on
If you're given a voice, you have to take that seriously. For me it's a, it's a fight cause most people are just satisfied with "it's good." Most people are satisfied by just a ten or something. It's not to just stop at ten, you know, ten is ground zero. Perfection is ground zero. We need to take things to a genius level. I can only create so much with this GQ shoot. But I'mma try the best I can. I'mma get tailored pants, put tones together so I will be creative in my own space. You know, it's fine if people like me. It's fine if they dislike me. I'd rather take a chance and being hated. To bring that type of creation to the world
That's Not Me
Mercy
German Whip
96 Fuckries
Cold
So Appalled
CyHi Freestyle
Blessings
All Me (Drake cover)
Clique
RBX
Shutdown
New Slaves
Wolves
U Mad
Power
Can't Tell Me Nothing
I Don’t Fuck With You
All Of The Lights
Good Life
Jesus Walks
It Ain’t Safe
Don’t Like
Black Skinhead
Blood On The Leaves
C.R.E.A.M. (Wu-Tang Clan cover with Raekwon)
All Day
All Day

[Hook]
I jumped off the porch, yeah I jumped off early
And I started sellin' birdies
My stash so big that a nigga can't serve me
Unless a nigga servin' birdies

[Verse 1]
Niggas ain't fuckin' with Gucci cause Gucci fuck up the city
I drop 350 on that bitch to be the first one to get it
And I'm the first one to kit it and I'm the first one to tint it
And I put 6s on some shit don't even 'posed sit on no 6s
I'm ridin' some futuristic shit this bitch ain't even know existed
And plus my chain cost a ticket, I bet you think that I'm trippin'
A water whippin' magician, I shave a 4 off a pigeon
Ask my plug, send a 50, I turn that 50 to 60
Profit a nickel or chickens, so that's 250, you with me?
Bring out the 10 that I stashed, pay for the 50 he sent me
I count 300 in hundreds, and count 200 in 20s
Y'all niggas ain't gettin' no money, I'll bury your ass with these 50s

[Hook]
I jumped off the porch, yeah I jumped off early
And I started sellin' birdies
My stash so big that a nigga can't serve me
Unless a nigga servin' birdies

[Verse 2]
This my year
Gucci Mane La Flare and my ear so clear
Guwop up in this bitch, call me Mr. Pink Slip
I don't slip, double cup, pour it up
Yeah I keep a double pink, that's enough, that's enough, pour it up
No not enough, Gucci Mane call your bluff
Man, y'all numbers ain't wet enough
Man your car ain't wet enough
Man your mother ain't large enough
Gucci Mane, I'm in charge, I'm the boss and I'm backin' up
A Rolls Royce, drop my top, all my rhymes, they're addin' up
Had 1, I got 2, now that's 3, not enough
Need 4, I need more, another whore
Get another one
Gucci Mane La Flare, big diamonds, I could smother one

[?] cover one
I'm the governor
And I got a Ferrari, 

[?]

[Hook]
I jumped off the porch, yeah I jumped off early
And I started sellin' birdies
My stash so big that a nigga can't serve me
Unless a nigga servin' birdies

[Verse]
I'm thinkin' back when a nigga got his first car
"How you get that? You ain't even have a job"
Fight about that, and don't worry 'bout that
It's the same way that a nigga got his first charge
Thinkin' way back so I'm thinkin' real hard
Sellin' hard hard at Econo Lodge
Bought my first pistol and I knocked my first broad
First nigga run up, head get knocked off
Bought a .38 just in case shit pop off
Like a 'vert', I'ma take your top off
Brick Squad CEO, bitch I'm a mob boss
.44 bulldog, million dollar drop off
If I ever get this drop I'ma start lickin' shots
Tell the cops I'm just another nigga from the block
You can gamble with your life like a lady at the slots
You can plot 'til you pop and your clock get stopped
You were flexin' what you got, now your head got a dot
You're the nigga in the paper that they're readin' about
Police still ain't connected the dots
Drug 

[?] cause I left a nina at the house
Take me to the safe cause I'm cleanin' it out
Hundred bricks what I've been dreamin' about
Slap you with the 

[?], see the blood and the snot
Laced up 'til your hands tied in a knot

[Intro]
Nard & B
Let me see you drop
Drop

[Chorus]
Straight drop, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
I like it when you be on the top, straight drop
Drop that thing just like you're in the pot, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
Baby girl you know you got that drop, straight drop
She come clean, she never come rerocked

[Verse 1]
Straight drop, whippin', whippin' water
I cook the dope way different than my father
In the kitchen cookin' like my mama, mama
Straight drop, tryna run on me a comma, comma
Remember when I only had a quarter (damn)
Rude boy tryna watch out for the informer, former
But now I break down all my bales in Ferragamo, gamo
Hugo Boss, jumper 'cause I just Donald Trump you, trump you
Michael Kors sweater with cocaine on the garmet
Woke up in mansion but I grew up in apartment
They used to say Sun Valley boys just like to start shit
Got 85 thou' on me now, right now, in hundreds

[Chorus]
Straight drop, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
I like it when you be on the top, straight drop
Drop that thing just like you're in the pot, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
Baby girl you know you got that drop, straight drop
She come clean, she never come rerocked

[Verse 2]
I like it when you be in the top, top
All I do is make a lot of top, top
Baby drop it like you're in the pot, pot
Baby girl drop it just like it's hot, hot
I'ma fuck you with that pussy wet or not, hoe hoe hoe
Don't try run right now, I want that twat, hoe hoe hoe
I'm the type to beat you all day hoe, day hoe
Gucci from the block, so I don't play hoe, play hoe
Drag a bitch to my house like a caveman, caveman
Be my sex slave for the day, who wanna trade, man?, trade man
Ain't ashamed to say grew up in Section 8, man, 8 man
If you ever been there like me then say "Amen", "amen"

[Chorus]
Straight drop, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
I like it when you be on the top, straight drop
Drop that thing just like you're in the pot, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
Straight drop, straight drop
Baby girl you know you got that drop, straight drop
She come clean, she never come rerocked
Never make a pretty woman your wife
Never make a pretty woman your wife, why?
You can't trust that funny look in her eye
Never make a pretty woman your wife

How can a angel break my heart?
Life's hard! I'm just trying to play my part
But she keeps pushing me, pushing me, pushing me, pushing me
Yo yo yo yo! ok, let's go

After a lekker zef show there by tings n times
This hot chick steps to me and says, "I dig your rhymes!"
I said, "thanks", you know and played it shmoove
She said, "ninja, can't you sign your name on my boob?"
I said, "no problem, what's your name?" "sophie"
OK, okey dokey!
Waarsie fokken koki?
I wrote 'ninja was here', it looked fuckin ill
Plus I wrote my number and I drew a duk fokken piel
I said, "don't be afraid!", sophie said, "I'm not afraid"
Then sophie came down to cape town for the holiday
I took her to the waterfront, fokken lekker laaney
I got a chip roll, she ordered calamari
Yo we had a nice time plus alot of white wine
Soon it was night time, 300 buck bill
Fine, paid the bill, signed, ass on my mind
Sophie said I was a lucky catch of a guy
300 bucks is not too much to splash for a naai
Took her back my place, mummies watching soapies
Lamming in her stokies, mummy this is sophie
"oh, hi sophie!" boom! boom! boom!
Let's go back to my room, yo this shit's fuckin on
Then sophie said, "I didn't know you live with your mom!"
"this is not what I expected! sorry this is hectic!"
Just gooi me wif a blow-job! "no!" wat?
Oh I understand! let's go maybe naai in the back seat
"what the fuck do you think I am?" I think you fuckin sexy!
"just take me to my hotel!" bitch, call a taxi!
Nou sit ek soos n jagse doos sonder n ereksie!
How can a angel break my heart?
Life's hard! I'm just trying to play my part
But she keeps pushing me, pushing me, pushing me, pushing me!
Pushing and pushing and pushing! pushing and fuckin pushing!

A woman is more dangerous than a loaded pistol
They promise you heaven, give you hell!
My little baby is driving me crazy!

She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer

Never make a pretty woman your wife
Never make a pretty woman your wife
Why?
You can't trust that funny look in her eye
Never make a pretty woman your wife

If you feeling horny put your hands up
Ninja 'bout to kick a little story 'bout miranda
I was out dopping by the purple turtle hanging wif some homies
Skopped one too many dops
Damn I need to go pee!
I'm on my to take a piss and I see this Scopie
She looked just like a coloured angelina jolie
The cherry looked very happy to see me, "mister!"
"aren't you the rapper from the tv?" is ja
I couldn't help staring at those nice tits
Chilling just below them big fat blow job lips
Plus a g-string all up in that salty crack
I said, "shit! I need to piss but I'll be back!"
That night was a fuckin jol, think it was a Thursday
DJ bumped some 50, go shorty it's your birthday
Miranda asked me in when I dropped her back at her place
On the veranda ninja fucked miranda on the first date
And everything was hunky fuckin dory
Then comes the twist to this funky little story
At my next live show
Guess who's in the front row staring at me like a psycho
Miranda's big green hawk eyes
Glued to the ninja like a red beam all night
After the show ninja gets rushed by a bunch of poppies
I tell miranda, here's some money go buy yourself a doppie
So I'm there signing autographs, smoking a doobie
"can I get your autograph?" sure show me your boobies
All of a sudden miranda busts in, making a spectacle!
Grabs me by the nuts and starts breaking my testicles
Jassis! I nearly smacked her cos
Those heavy fuckin claws digging
Into my balls was very fuckin sore!
Eweskielik n hele klomp fokken koppe draai
Miranda says, "tsy! vat jy my vir n fokken naai?"
How can a angel break my heart?
Life's hard! I'm just trying to play my part
But she keeps pushing me, pushing me, pushing me, pushing me!
Pushing and pushing and pushing! pushing and fuckin pushing!

A woman is more dangerous than a loaded pistol
They promise you heaven, give you hell!
My little baby is driving me crazy!

She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer

Never make a pretty woman your wife
Never make a pretty woman your wife
Why?
You can't trust that funny look in her eye
Never make a pretty woman your wife

Jesus christ!
Why do chicks always have to be so fuckin complicated?
Like this one chick, lazaan, was fuckin into me!
Plus she was a virgin!
So this one time me and lazaan was smoking a zol
There by dj hi-tek's crib
When she says to me, "can't we be alone?"
So I took her to hi-tek's room
About to close the door, and drop the bomb
I said, "I got the bong", she said, "I got the herb!"
I told dj hi-tek, "do not disturb!"
Then bada-bada-bing! bada-bada-bomb!
I put the flame on the motherfuckin bong!
Like now the heat is on!
Lazaan told me she wanted me to be the one
I started slow and sexy, yo I'ma getting some
Punani-nani! punani-num-num!
Like bada-bada-bam! bada-bada-boom!
When hi-tek walks in the motherfuckin room!
Like, fuckin blind
There I was giving it to her from behind
I said, "what's the matter bro?"
"dj hi-tek you wanna have a go?"
Lazaan starts having this moerse fuckin freak out!
There I am standing like a doos with my dick out!
She's kicking me! slapping! teeth flaring! swearing!
I thought barny said: 'sharing is caring!'
How can a angel break my heart?
Life's hard! I'm just trying to play my part
But she keeps pushing me, pushing me, pushing me, pushing me!
Pushing and pushing and pushing! pushing and fuckin pushing!

A woman is more dangerous than a loaded pistol
They promise you heaven, give you hell!
My little baby is driving me crazy!

She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
She makes me a killer
Well seeing that, I think I, maybe for one of the first times in my life, I understand how it is to feel humbled. I want to say some "thank you"s really quick. Thank God for Stephen Hill, who is so sincerely good at exactly what he does and gives so much and doesn't care about what Ghost somebody's driving or how big somebody's house is and brings the most awesome collection of classic, current, and futuristic black music every day. So, make some noise for Stephen Hill to start this

So, since this is pre-taped and the fact that Adam Blackstone used to be my music director, I'm pretty sure he's not gonna start the music on me. If I go Chicago for a second, you know it was interesting when I went and visited Minister Louis Farrakhan, and I just really wanted to expand so much more on the things that I had been talking about over the past couple years. And it was interesting or groundbreaking and really special for me to see his reaction and his expression about my relationship with a woman not of color, and for us to focus on the idea of love and not the idea of separation. You know, at the barbershop and everything, I used to hear people talking about, "You know when an entertainer get on, of course you know he gon' go and get a white girl and buy her all this... and the white girl gon' go and get a rich black dude." But I want to say that my wife has dated broke black dudes. So it ain't got nothing to do with the money

And it takes me back to a story that she told me where her father, Robert Kardashian, walked out, and on the side of his Bentley, they wrote "Nigga lover" because Robert Kardashian was the genius that put together the defense team that got O.J. off. She had never seen her father curse, get mad, he was the most laid back human being. And he went so crazy and tried to chase the people down, and she sat there crying and said, "Dad why you going so crazy?" He said to her, "One day you may have a black child. A beautiful, beautiful, beautiful black child. And it's gonna be hard, you're gonna see how hard it is."

So, true enough, we deal with racism because there are different races, or the micro of it is that we focus on the different races, as opposed to the macro, which is the human race. The bit of soundbytes that everyone loved from last year that got taken out of context or misunderstood did come from a place of saying part of the reason why I'm not allowed to be empowered is because of race, because of people's perception of celebrity, because all they want to present to young black men is the idea of making it to the league or making it to be a rapper, but not the idea of becoming an owner. And they would do anything they can to make it seem like a truthful idea is a stupid idea or a crazy idea

Harriet Tubman said she could have freed so many more, and I'm sorry mom if that was incorrect English. Harriet Tubman could have freed more if they only knew they weren't free. So don't think that because we can afford this custom Balmain suit that we're free. And don't think that because we can buy a $300,000 car that we're free. And don't think that because it's 3% of a gated community that has colored people in it that we're free. It's the mentality, the slave mentality, where we all eventually become slaves to that car. Slaves to the perception. Slaves to the idea of being cool

I thought it was so appropriate the way Wayne Brady kicked his whole shit off tonight. For us to express ourselves. Our power, our oil, since we don't own any oil. Our oil is our expression, is our influence. Don't never let them take that away. And when we have the chance to express it and influence, don't only do it for us, do it for the human race
Ellen: How do you think marriage has changed you, if it has?

Kanye: I've definitely learned how to compromise more. Which is something you have to understand when you partner with people in business. You know, you can't--

Ellen: Beautiful

Kanye: And I've learned how to shut up more and, um, I've--yeah. I think--I think I'm a better human being, you know, because of her
And because of my daughter. And I have, you know, always someone to think about going home to and, you know, something for me to, you know, not only be brave for what I wanna do for humanity but also to be more protective of myself for my family too. Cause there's things I've done in the past that were considered negative, but I was really, you know, jumping in front of the tank for other people or for culture in a way. So now I always have to have that in my mind, that I have, like, a family that I have to protect too

Ellen: Mm-hmm. Yeah, and I do see that change in you. I see you-- And you are calmer, I think. You know, you don't seem, like, uh... like, uh...angry or--you know? You know what I mean? And I don't know if it was even anger, but it was just the way that you were getting all of your emotions out. And now I think your emotions
Are grounded in a way that they come out in what you said and protection and love, and--and--they're going-- they're channeled
In a different way

Kanye: I think I was, like, going through now, like, my version of my terrible twos. My--my daughter, she wants to express herself, but she just doesn't have the words for it. And for me, there's so many things I wanna do with film, with clothing, and I just didn't have the words or the resources or the backing or the perception that I could do it, being that I was a rapper or, you know, all these things. And now, because of this Adidas deal, they allowed me a little bit of oxygen. Because what you have to understand-- The difference between, you know, what people give you about celebrity, the idea of money versus creativity. There's no amount of money that someone can give you to make you not be creative, if you were born to create. So a lot of times people try to block you, block your creativity, control you with money. And Adidas allowed me to make my whole clothing line, which I wanted to do, and it was just like a little bit of oxygen. You guys last year, two years ago, three--whatever. You guys were seeing someone being suffocated by a perception. Being suffocated by people in a position that could
Blatantly see like, "Wow, the "Yeezys" did really good. He was this influential. All those albums did this. But we're not gonna give him
A shot in something else."  And there's a lot of people who, like, were really calm about that. But the definition of crazy is trying to do the same thing and expecting a different result. So I tried something different over the past couple years. And I actually got some really good results from it too, so...


Ellen: Well put. Well put. And that is true. I mean, I think we all try to express ourselves. And you do, you keep doing the same thing and saying the same thing and saying the same thing. It doesn't get
The result you want until you try a different way of expressing yourself or whatever it is, and then you get the result because you've shifted. We have to take a break. And then we're gonna show the world premiere of your new video, which I absolutely love. I love this song so much. You actually played it for me in our living room, and I just was blown away how beautiful the song is
Cut

Ellen: So, uh, more kids?

Kanye: Yeah, we're trying

Ellen: Really?

Kanye: Yeah, yeah

Ellen: I thought I'd slip that in there. I mean, that baby is so adorable, and, I mean, she is precious. She's so-- And smart as can be, right?

Kanye: Mm-hmm

Ellen: Yeah, she's-- Oh, look at that. So you're gonna have more? How many do you want, like a bunch? Like a Brad and Angie bunch? Or, uh--

Kanye: I just want whatever Kim wants

Ellen: Wow. Um... That's--that's a good answer, whether it's true or not. And what is the name of the CD?

Kanye: I don't know yet. We're still trying to find it. Trying to find the vibe. You know, this transition from what I felt when I did "Yeezus" to what I feel now, and, you know, we're just creating. So we haven't found it yet

Ellen: Okay. What about "Ellen's My Friend"?

Kanye: Yeah. I think that's pretty good
Ellen: Okay, think about that

[Lyrics from Snippet]

You can have all of this
After all the hard work
You can have all of this
Money and the cars, clothes
You can have all of this
Ball up in the best club
You can have all of this

[Hook]
It's time to get paid, time to get it in
Call you when it come in, time to get it in
Once you in, ain't no gettin' out, blood in
Clean in, gas in, lean in
It's time to get paid, time to get it in
Call you when it come in, time to get it in
Once you in, ain't no gettin' out, blood in
Clean in, gas in, lean in

[Verse 1]
Gucci in this bitch, I'm goin' in
At least a 50 on me 10 times out of 10
Street nigga, ballin' like an athlete when it's in
Got them new Jordans on and I'm not even playin'
On Glenwood, got that traphouse on that dead end
Burglar bar doors, I can't let you in
This shit's so crazy, you can't even trust your friends
Your girl fuckin' your right hand man, you in the pen
These hoes just wanna know what kind of car you're in ('Rari)
Designer bag, she's tryna keep up with her friends (Gucci)
A happy marriage, she divorced him in the end
Dividends, even a kingpin budgets what he spends

[Hook]
It's time to get paid, time to get it in
Call you when it come in, time to get it in
Once you in, ain't no gettin' out, blood in
Clean in, gas in, lean in
It's time to get paid, time to get it in
Call you when it come in, time to get it in
Once you in, ain't no gettin' out, blood in
Clean in, gas in, lean in

[Verse 2]
If a nigga try me, it's a 

[?]
Your mama, it's okay, pussy niggas go to Heaven
If I shoot you in your mouth, then the nae nae, you can tell 'em
Gucci Mane ain't scaredy, he don't need no one to help him
I'ma smoke a pound of blunts, then I'ma eat your ass for breakfast
And I would never diss another nigga just to sell a record
In the kitchen touchin' babies, call me Chester child molester
And if the packs is down on schedule, I give a fuck about a record
I ain't had work in 'bout two months, life ain't the same without the extra
40K for my gold Rollie, homie, that's without the bezel
Tell your girl do what I tell her cause your bankroll under pressure
I'm on the top, you in the basement, man we're on two different levels

[Hook]
It's time to get paid, time to get it in
Call you when it come in, time to get it in
Once you in, ain't no gettin' out, blood in
Clean in, gas in, lean in
It's time to get paid, time to get it in
Call you when it come in, time to get it in
Once you in, ain't no gettin' out, blood in
Clean in, gas in, lean in

[Intro]
I'm in here smokin' on some real bud
This shit so strong it'll make you pass out, loud
I remember bein' broke still
But don't forget I got that bread now
I'll bust your mothafuckin' head now
My auntie say she think I'm fed-bound
You step on my ground then that's dead ground
Like MJG I make you lay it down

[Hook]
Lay it down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
Hands up, get your ass on the ground, nigga
Face down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
Hands up, get your bitch ass on the ground, nigga
Lay it down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
It's a stickup, don't make a sound, nigga
Lay it down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
When I come through with that chopper, lay it down, nigga

[Verse ]
I told you that I lay it down when I ride with 

[?]
Rushed to 33rd and with a fuckin' ski mask
Blow a nigga's ass into fuckin next week
For playin' with Gucci Mane, you'll be fuckin' dead meat
No paddle, nigga, but you're up shit's creek
Gave you some work and you've been runnin' off for weeks
I'm the judge and jury, nigga, we go home court in the street
And if I slap you with this pistol, try to knock out all his teeth
Gucci Mane La Flare, I'm extraordinary, player
I'm ridin' in the car, come from another hemisphere
Yeah I can get you here, babe and I can get you there
But if you come with me, you do not have no interwear
Where, where, baby, where you wanna go?
I'm flowin' and I'm blowin' on some shit so fuckin' potent
This beat's so fuckin' dope it nearly broke my Panasonic
This Scooter and Gucc, Snoop and Dre and this is The Chronic

[Hook]
Lay it down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
Hands up, get your ass on the ground, nigga
Face down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
Hands up, get your bitch ass on the ground, nigga
Lay it down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
It's a stickup, don't make a sound, nigga
Lay it down, nigga, lay it down, nigga
When I come through with that chopper, lay it down, nigga

[Verse]
This whiskey got me feelin' pretty
So pardon if I'm impolite
I just really need your ass with me
I'm sorry 'bout the other night
And I know I could be more creative
And come up with poetic lines
But I'm turnt up upstairs and I love you
Is the only thing that's in my mind

[Chorus]
You take me higher, higher than I've ever been, babe
Just come over, let's pour a drink, babe
I hope I ain't calling you too late, too late
You light my fire
Let's stay up late and smoke a J
I wanna go back to the old way
But I'm drunk instead, with a full ashtray
With a little bit too much to say

[Chorus]
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, woah
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

[Refrain]
American oxygen
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

[Verse 1]
Oh say, can you see - this is the American Dream
Young girl, hustlin' on the other side of the ocean
You can be anything at all in America, America (America, America)
I say if you can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe

[Chorus]
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

[Refrain]
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen

[Verse 2]
Oh say, can you see - this is the American Dream
Young boy, hustlin', tryna get the wheels in motion
But he can be anything at all in America, America
(America, America)
I say if you can't see
Just close your eyes and breathe

[Chorus]
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

[Bridge]
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America

[Chorus]
Breathe out, breathe in
American oxygen, whoa
Every breath I breathe
Chasin' this American Dream
We sweat for a nickel and a dime
Turn it into an empire, whoa
Breathe in this feeling
American, American oxygen

[Refrain]
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen
American oxygen
Breathe in, this feeling
American, American oxygen

[Outro]
This is the new America
We are the new America
This is the new America
We are the new America

[Verse 1]
Baby, I've been thinkin' all about you lately
With the way you're looking who could really blame me?
Oh baby, oh darlin'
Of all the other girls I could be callin'
That phone of yours is ringin' off the wall and
Oh darlin', oh darlin'

[Verse 2]
You're such a sweet, sweet thing
You're sweeter and you're colder than a frozen tangerine
Thinkin' when I'm older I'ma buy you a ring
You're such a sweet, sweet thing, you've got me shook
There's women every single way I look
But you're the only one that's got me hooked
You got me hooked, oh darlin'

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 3]
Oh baby, I've been thinkin' all about you lately
With the way you're lookin,' who could really blame me?
Oh baby, oh darlin'
Of all the other girls I could be callin'
That phone of yours is ringin' off the wall and
Oh darlin', oh darlin'
You're such a sweet thing, sweet thing, sweet thing

[Outro]
Oh yeah
I get sick when I get stoned
Everything we do, we do it alone
I get sick when I get stoned
Everything we do, we do it alone

Rosie is my favorite dog
Takes her piss on the neighbor's lawn
Rosie is my favorite dog
Bites my hand when I go wrong

I do
Animals, not people
I do animals
Not people
I do

Who's that walking down your stairs?
Double check, there's something there
Who's that walking down your stairs?
Double check, there's something there
Rosie told me not to cry
Look her in her big brown eyes
Hold her tight and feel no pain
Her dog breath drives me insane

I do
Animals, not people
I do animals
Not people
I do

[Hook]
You ain't talkin' money then you speak a foreign language
I'm from East Atlanta, we don't even talk to strangers
Blue diamonds in my Rollie, gang banger
Red diamonds in my Rollie, gang banger
I'm from East Atlanta, all I do is run it up
I'm not talkin' English, I'm just talkin' money, bruh
Red diamonds in my watch, gang banger
Blue diamonds in my necklace, gang banger

[Verse 1]
I'm smokin' California weed, it's the best in the B
And it's reserved for only rappers, superstars and Gs
They call me Gucci Mane Li cause 

[?]
I take your head off your body, that El Chapo in me
These niggas sleepin' on the concrete to put Js on their feet
I rock exclusive Louboutins 4 weeks 'fore they hit the streets
It's big Gucci with a big G
I hustle hard, I sell a peach to a peach tree
I turned on Peachtree and I told my top to leave me
Yellow Ferrari on the Forgis, they believe me
And I'm a walkin' traphouse, you can rent me
And I'm a rollin' drug store so limo tint me, catch up!

[Hook]
You ain't talkin' money then you speak a foreign language
I'm from East Atlanta, we don't even talk to strangers
Blue diamonds in my Rollie, gang banger
Red diamonds in my Rollie, gang banger
I'm from East Atlanta, all I do is run it up
I'm not talkin' English, I'm just talkin' money, bruh
Red diamonds in my watch, gang banger
Blue diamonds in my necklace, gang banger

[Verse 2]
You talkin', nigga? What you talkin' 'bout?
You don't got no money, you have got no clout
3 cars and I can bring 'em out
The Lamb' all red, cost half a mil'
That's a mile test
Drop top low, that's got a small chest
Got a gun chest
A girl with a gun in a sundress
Murder complex, use it through your headrest
I left your whole hood smellin' like deviled eggs
And I left your two homeboys headless
Talkin' shit, pussy nigga? Where the address?
You ain't come over with me in Sun Valley
You youngin's gettin' by barely
I'm a young black millionaire in Ballys
Guwop in this bitch, I'm droppin' deuces and foes
And I'ma front that dough to every nigga I know
I was a hundred thousand dollars up at the store
Now I'm on like 10 mil', nigga, I got a hundred to go

[Hook]
You ain't talkin' money then you speak a foreign language
I'm from East Atlanta, we don't even talk to strangers
Blue diamonds in my Rollie, gang banger
Red diamonds in my Rollie, gang banger
I'm from East Atlanta, all I do is run it up
I'm not talkin' English, I'm just talkin' money, bruh
Red diamonds in my watch, gang banger
Blue diamonds in my necklace, gang banger

[Intro]
(Come on) I wanna dance in the dark
(Come on) We gonna light up the night
(Come on) I wanna dance in the dark
(Come on) We gonna light up the night

[Verse 1]
Underdogs dance in the middle of the night
Can see the night skies in the mirror of your eyes
If you don't dance make sure you got the rhythm
Make sure that your heartbeat beats with the rhythm
I wanna run wild in the middle of the night
Right under the moon, bodies glowing in the night
Nothing in between our skins but the rhythm
Make sure that your heartbeat beats with the rhythm
The night-time is the right time

[Chorus]
I wanna dance in the dark and never stop
We gonna light up the night like shooting stars
Whenever you hear the sound don't be alarmed
Move move move
Dancing in the dark
I wanna dance in the dark and never stop
We gonna light up the night like shooting stars
Whenever you hear the sound don't be alarmed
Move move move
Dancing in the dark

[Verse 2]
Underdogs dance in the middle of the night
Out here with the stars like the creatures of the night
If you don't dance make sure you got the rhythm
Make sure that your heartbeat beats with the rhythm
I wanna dance fast in the middle of the night
And see the night skies in the mirror of your eyes
If you don't dance make sure you got the rhythm
Make sure that your heartbeat beats with the rhythm
The night-time is the right time

[Chorus]
I wanna dance in the dark and never stop
We gonna light up the night like shooting stars
Whenever you hear the sound don't be alarmed
Move move move
Dancing in the dark

I wanna dance in the dark and never stop
We gonna light up the night like shooting stars
Whenever you hear the sound don't be alarmed
Move move move
Dancing in the dark

[Bridge]
I wanna dance in the dark (come on)
We gonna light up the night (come on)
I wanna dance in the dark (come on)
We gonna light up the night

[Chorus]
I wanna dance in the dark and never stop
We gonna light up the night like shooting stars
Whenever you hear the sound don't be alarmed
Move move move
Dancing in the dark

I wanna dance in the dark and never stop
We gonna light up the night like shooting stars
Whenever you hear the sound don't be alarmed
Move move move
Dancing in the dark

[Verse 1: Tei Shi]
Climb until you're getting high
Be a part of the scene like you're living your dream
Walk the room like you're on fire
Like your chasing the truth, gripping tight to your youth
(Holiest thing I know) (Holiest thing I know)
Gripping tight, gripping tight to your you-ou-ou-ou-outh
(Holiest thing I know) (Holiest thing I know)
Like you're cha-, like you're chasing the truth

[Hook: Tei Shi]
But you're the holiest thing I know
Yes, you're the holiest thing, holiest thing I know

[Verse 2: Tei Shi and Glass Animals]
Look at the mess you've made
Babe, I'm not what you think
Come on, listen to me
Now all I do is feel afraid
Can't you see that I'm here
Can't you see I've been played
(Holy) (Holiest thing I know)
Then I'm dest-, then I'm destined to flame

[Hook]
But you're the holiest thing I know
Yes, you're the holiest thing, holiest thing I know

(Holiest)
(Holiest)
(Hol-holiest)
(Holiest thing I know)
(Holiest)
(Holiest)
(Hol-holiest)
(Holiest thing I know)
(Holy)
(Holiest)
(Hol-holiest)
(Holiest thing...)

[Verse 3: Tei Shi]
Climb 'till you're getting high
Be a part of the scene like you're living your dream
Walk the room like you're on fire
Like you're chasing the truth, gripping tight to your youth

[Hook: Tei Shi]
But you're the holiest thing I know
Yes, you're the holiest thing, holiest thing I know
I do believe you're moving at a pace
A little bit too slow for my taste

It's such a funny movie, why not go?
Yeah, don't you think you oughta know?

Are you a girl on a string?
Are you a girl on a string?
Are you a girl on a string?
Are you a girl on a string?

Would you mind if I came back to you?
We could listen to the music you're into

It's such a crazy party, why not go?
Yeah, don't you think you oughta know?

Are you a girl on a string?
Are you a girl on a string?
Are you a girl on a string?
Are you a girl on a string?
Don't get hung on petty things
String the sinner by his wings
In his head, a brittle bone

The world is full of fishes
But I trust you
But I trust you
But I trust

Stick your finger in the hole
A thousand watts but you're not sold
Make you hurt, we love you more
I don't love anyone but myself and Marty
'Cause he holds my money
I wanna be anything on TV, I wanna be famous
Do you think they want me?

I'll clean up while you're at work
Matching socks and ironed shirts
Sarah shows me how you want it

I took my favorite pill on Monday, it made me go backwards
Do you wanna feel good?
I made a special drink for myself and I'm gonna drink it
All by myself
My favorite animal is the whale
I like his big fat tail
I like his big fat tail

I wanna cut off a piece of him, and I'll share
You get a piece of the whale
You get a piece of the whale

I'm gonna fry mine with cinnamon and a pear
It's a three-course meal
It's a three-course meal

My favorite animal is the whale
I like his big fat tail
I like his big fat tail

[Intro]
Drive away
As in lonesome south
Like a real straight-shooter
Three lanes full
Drive away
As in lonesome south
Like a real straight-shooter
Three lanes full

[Verse 1]
Gotta ride in my heart
Get 'em going down
You don't have to be a start
To get them going 'round
Even if you try to move
Wheel it to your right
So get on, on the driving wheel
Save it for a round

[Chorus]
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now

[Verse 2]
Got a ride in my heart
See I'm going down
Cut up by the ball front
Shoot a jamboree
Just a cold lighted day
Like a memory
Just a cold lighted day
Slip a line on me

[Chorus]
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now

[Chorus]
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
Hillbilly, hillbilly, hillbilly man, now
I think you're kute
I'll keep you in the cellar
Show you to the children
Kill me after dinner
You're alright
You look like someone I could bury
In the garden
Cover you in diamonds
When I die
And when I die
I'll dig you up
I'll tear out all your feathers
Cook you in the oven
Burn myself
What is mommy cookin'?
She looks like a baby
You love me
Do you love me?
You wanna die
You really wanna see us laughin'
At your body
Floating down the river
Baby, you're pathetic
You are god
You are god
Mary is the girl that I wanna kiss
She's got big red eyes and big red lips
She's got big sharp teeth and big fat hips
Mary is the girl that I wanna fuck
She's got leather heart and leather gloves
She's the only girl that I wanna love

"Listen to me, baby, I don't mind
I wanna be with you and waste my time"
"Give it to me, baby, I feel good I wanna
Feel whatever you think I should"
"Sing it for me, baby, play my song
I wanna hear your daddy sing along"

Mary is the girl that leaves you to rot
She says, "I am real and you are not"
She says, "I am real and you are not"

[Hook]
On a dark night in the city
Broken eagles may fly
Play it cool, play it cool
Play it cool, play it cool, play it cool

[Verse]
I've been feeling old
I got demons on my soul when I'm writin'
The beat play the role of a seat on a bike
How I ride it, my vices repulsing me
Nice when I'm trapped in this pain ain't my wife
When the light drizzle tap on the pane, I'm inside with 'em
When the sky clear up, still inside trippin'
You can see I ain't been sleeping in my eyes, nigga
In the mirror throwing hands, I don't toss fights
I'm heavyweight, get a load of these light niggas
Looking washed online like light linen dryin'
I'm through trying with niggas
I'm gifted cause my eyes working different and
I be seeing straight through the skies at my nigga
And all I see is snakes in the eyes of these bitches
And these guys is the difference, I despise 'em
I dispose of 'em, too
I'm the trash man, you don't want trouble, dude
Dirt from the shovel on a low bubble goose
You a coyote fucking with a roadrunner, fool
I bet you know what it do

[Chorus]
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it, hit it
Hit it
Whip
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Whip
Hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it
Hit it, hit it
Hit it

[Verse One]
My diamonds, they dancin'
Pull up to mansions
Hop out the Phantom
Twenty fifteen, I'm takin' a Grammy
Whippin' and whippin' and hit
Stupid lil' nigga, I'm rich
Ride through the city, I'm lit
Pussy, I'm fuckin' your bitch
Hit it, hit it, hit it, hit it
I'm about to make a billion
See me in a fuckin' city
Soulja got the whip, no ceilings
Whip, whip, whip, whip
All my fuckin' hitters hittin'
All you niggas say you hitters
But all you niggas missin'

[Chorus]

[Verse Two]
Red ruby, my diamonds
Stupid shit shinin'
Bently reclinin'
Niggas can't find me
Soulja Boy Tell 'Em
It ain't hard to tell time
Rolex, that lookin' so fine
Drippin' and dressed in VVS diamonds
Diamonds that came from Africa
Whip it, flip it like a spatula
Drippin' in blood like Dracula
My whip, it lookin' spectacular
Diamond chain, I'm ambassador
Ride in that Lam, I go faster, bruh
Niggas is broke
Niggas is lame
Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, I rock fire flame
Thirty thousand my Giuseppe chain
Fifty thousand KOD ring

[Chorus]

[Intro]
Yeah, fuck nigga, I'm still whippin'
Yeah, fuck nigga, I'm still whippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Diamonds still drippin'
Yeah, fuck nigga, I'm still whippin'
Whip, whip, whip, still whippin'
Yeah, fuck nigga, I'm still whippin'

[Verse One]
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Went to the mall, cashed out sixty
Sixty racks, one day, Soulja 

[?]
Coolin', penthouse at the fuckin' 

[?]
Hopped out all white cocaine Bentley
Ridin' through the city, stackin' Milli's
Word around town, Fendi ceilings
Word around town, Dre still whippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Ice in my ear
Yeah, I'm still drippin'
And the fuckin' word that I'm still pimpin'
Ice on my ear
Man, I'm still whippin'

[Chorus]
Whip, whip, still whippin'
Whip, whip, still whippin'
In and out of traffic, still whippin'
One kilo, diamonds still drippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
In and out of traffic, boy, I'm still whippin'
In and out of traffic in a new Bentley
In and out the city, boy, I'm still whippin'

[Verse Two]
Private jet fly over the damn city
Ride through the clouds
Come and fly with me
Off the pound, smokin' gettin' high with me
Bad ass bitch wanna ride with me
Young Soulja worth 25 milli'
Word around town, we go ham for 'em
I got some bricks, like a backboard
Twelve try to pull me over, they gonna need backup
I got them bricks, yeah, they transport
Catch me in that foreign, slidin' through the cut
I done seen it all, they locked my partner up
He made 300,000 straight out the mud
And I swerve Bentley coupes to the club
Still whippin', still shootin' shit up

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
Yeah, I'm still whippin'
In and out of traffic, boy, I'm still whippin'

[Intro]
Welcome to my trap party
Call all the girls
We at the trap party
Welcome Wel- Welcome to my trap party
Trap party, trap party, trap party, trap party
Hustlin' trap party
Come to the trap party
Call all the girls
Tell 'em "come to the trap party"
Pull up to the trap party
Trap party

[Verse One]
Pull up to the party

[?]
Got money all on me
Diamonds, they dancin'
Pull up two Lam's
Pull up the Phantom
Trap 

[?]

[?] trap
All of this money
I'm swaggin' and cappin'
Giuseppe, that's nothing
My nigga, they stuntin'

[?]
Come from the slums
Throw a trap party
The bitches, they all up on us
Throwin' up hundreds, not ones
Nigga talkin', but we shootin' the guns
Nigga, we rollin' with 

[?]
Bitches, they rollin' with us

[Chorus]
Welcome to my trap party
This the trap party
Pull up to the trap party
Girls all on me
Trap party, trap party, trap party, trap party
Trap party, trap party, trap party, trap party
Welcome to the trap party
Girls all on me
Welcome to the trap party
All this money on me
I got kush, I got lean, I got everything
Welcome to the trap party
Tell her "bring the team"

[Verse Two]
Whip, whip, fire flame
Brand new hurricane
Girls all on me, mane
'Cause I rock a diamond chain
I walk up in a mall
You know that I'ma ball
Got Gucci on my drawers
My money sittin' tall
They say the Soulja paid
You know I keep the 'K
Run up on me wrong
And get shot, broad day
Shout out to the team
'Cause I know she's a freak
They say she's a freak
She flexin' every week
Soulja gettin' money
I count money in my sleep
Shout out to the squad
Every day, we rollin' deep
Just made fifty bands
Taxed 'em for a feature
Ridin' through the hood
And I'm in that new two-seater

[Chorus]

[Chorus]
Drop head Phantom
Brand new Cuban link, diamonds dancin'
In that drop head, run through East Atlanta
I'm Soulja Boy Soprano, Tony Montana
Drop head, drop head, drop head
Drop head, drop head, drop head Phantom
Drop head
Drop head, drop head, drop head Phantom

[Verse One: Soulja Boy]
Suicide doors
Let's take a toast
I make the most
I trap out the coast
I don't gotta boast
Kill it and whip it 

[?]
I'm whippin' right over the stove
Shout out my plug, we on
They know that we on
Pull up in a drop head
They know that we guappin'
I'm runnin' around with the check
Cuban link
Water whip on my neck
Young Soulja
Smokin' up on a jet
Flex and finesse
I'm feelin' like DJ Khaled, nigga
We the best
I'm trickin' the plug
I had to finesse
1200 my Giuseppe kicks
Stand on a yacht, and I know that I'm rich
Trappin', cappin' in my Gucci fit
Red ruby Balmain wrist
Overseas when I'm takin' the trip
Pistol and passport up on my hip
Hundred K, solid gold AP
Diamond skatin' so hard, 3D
Shine

[Chorus]

[Verse Two: Wankaego]
Drop head, drop head Phantom
These niggas on lean, Codeine
Buy Promethazine and drop it in Fanta
I be fly as a fuck 

[?]
I was hot before I got to Atlanta
No Makonnen, but we got the club goin' up
Like an antennae
No changin' the channel
We hangin' up banners
We winnin'
On the clouds, we surfin'
Bitches be under my service
Bitch, you don't get no reception
You outta service
Your nigga be roamin'
Guess he's lookin' for bones
But I'm lookin' for dollars
Your nigga don't got 'em
I'm sendin' him home
Fifty chandeliers in the crib while we eatin'
A hood billionaire
That's a trill bitch weakness
We layin' on beaches
We playin' the game
They up on the bleachers
Look at the score, you can't beat us
We takin' the trophies and givin' the speeches
Check out the rings on our fingers

[Chorus]

[Verse 1]
It's gone too far to ever go back
You know I wouldn't give you up but baby, I don't want that
It hits you so hard to be so good
You know you keep so still and maybe it's a kind of flag

Maybe it's the reason that I'm back
Maybe it's alright
Maybe I've always been this kind
Baby, it's too hard, I'm too scarred for this to work again
But you know I still wake up with you every morning like we're still dead

[Chorus]
I heard she's running out again
I know you're over that
I know that look you didn't want
You're all I've got
I heard you're fired up again
I know something doesn't feel right
You know it's gotta feel right

[Verse 2]
It's not the same now
Then for a while, this feeling hasn't changed
It eats me so hard to feel so great
You know you kept so clean, I was the reason that you didn't stay

Maybe it's the reason you're so glazed
Maybe it's alright
Maybe I've always been so afraid
Baby, it's too hard, I'm too scarred for this to work again
But you know I still wake up with you every morning like we're still dead

[Chorus]
I heard she's running out again
I know, get over that
I know that look you didn't want
You're all I've got
I heard you fucked it up again
I know something doesn't feel right
You know it's gotta feel right

I heard she's running out again (You kept so still)
I know you're over that
I know that look you didn't want, you're all I've got (You kept so clean, you kept so still)
I heard you fucked it up again (You kept so still)
I know something doesn't feel right
You know it's gotta feel right
It was just a neighborhood dance
That's all that it was
But, oh, what it seemed to be
It was like a masquerade ball
With costumes and all
'Cause you were at that dance with me

It was just a ride on a train
That's all that it was
But, oh, what it seemed to be
It was like a trip to the stars
To Venus and Mars
'Cause you were on the train with me

And when I kissed you, darling
It was more than just a thrill for me
It was the promise, darling
Of the things that fate had willed for me

It was just a wedding in June
That's all that it was
But, oh, what it seemed to be
It was like a royal affair
With everyone there
'Cause you said "yes I do" to me
How are you today?
I saw your friend's band play
A little show last night
It's not my thing, they were alright

You're in my dream last week
I'd like to hear what you think

We passed a house, driving fast
The sun was shining on the grass
You made me stop and leave the car
You pulled my sleeve but not too hard

Remember when you took too much?
I didn't mind being your crutch
We loved you then
It's not the same

I don't like how things change
I don't like how things change
I don't like how things change
I don't like how things change
I don't like how things change
I don't like how things change

[Verse 1: Meyhem Lauren]

(Outdoorsmen, you know we keep it mar-vel on this side, mar-vel)
(Red beard Bronson, what up, my nigga? Yo, yo)

Take It Easy, New York forever greasy
I bust off slugs and make sales when niggas need me
Probably posted up in Queens somewhere rocking the finest
My shit is golden, pillagers wish they could mine this
Been the livest, my rank starts with a minus
You number one, that only means that you behind this
Take a bite of my life, sample the flyness
One of a kind, it's no other city could design this
Hand crafted limited, constructed in America
Home of the heartless, anybody could vendetta ya
New sneakers, plus furniture et cetera
I make a phone call to Crown Heights
Niggas is wetting ya
Hit the booth, spit my life just like a verbal journal
I've been official, on the other hand, your style is kernel
I could pop you and put you in succotash
Is that your real face or you rocking a sucker mask?
Muthafucka
(Ayo, Bronson, give it to these niggas- pause)
(Give it to these niggas- pause!)
(Give it to these niggas- pause!)

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]

Yeah
My mind above the clouds
Plus I love the way the thunder sound
Stevie Wonder mixed with Rambo on the underground
Queens sculpted, stay chiseled like a Greek god
I'm on the bar, I got the lyrical physique, par
My style attack like a German Shepherd
Bronsonelli need no gun cause I'm the Perfect Weapon
Puma shoe to step in, we doing all the repping
Hennessy felani, chiba for the blessings
Hop in the Caddy and drive
Plus I'm Out For Justice, never take me alive
Smoking two at a time
The Nikes with the newest design
We flew in the crime
Holler when the moon is aligned
Blow the weed to make the world spin
Break walls like I'm in Berlin
But still in the winter rocking shearling
Robocop Ruger twirling, crew dispersing
Snatch a person, hookers speaking Persian
(Yeah, Queens, Bronsolini, Outdoorsmen shit)
(Meyhem muthafucking Laurenovich, yeah)
(Fuck your father)

[Verse 1]
Checking on cracked phones, staying up together 'till dawn
Does it make a difference if we all become the same pawn?
Looking back at history, yeah, all the things that it's shown
Some things are just do, and some things are just don't

[Chorus]
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you

[Bridge]
There's only a few things that I really really get
Yeah, you know, I'm sure about that
There's only a few things that can knock me off my track
Yeah, cause I'm sure about that
There's only a few things that I really, really get
Yeah, you know, I'm sure about that
There's only a few things that can knock me off my track
Yeah, cause I'm sure about that

[Verse 2]
I keep it going like it's never enough
Chasing the masses and the things above
Some people see planes, some people see drones
Some people see a doom, some people see domes

[Chorus]
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you

[Verse 3]
I keep my shoulders up, my head all wrapped up
Circumstances, it makes my mind fucked up
I keep it cool when things are hot, act up
I stay on it, on point, they can't catch up

[Chorus]
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you

[Post-Chorus]
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)

[Verse 4]
Bring loads, I got two roads—one: privacy, two: piracy
Stay on the DL, don't wanna get caught, in 'n' out at the VS
P.S., do you wanna drink beers? Heineken Black, Sonnen, that's what we do, yes
Brought what? Side to side, but nothing spill, ust a bit on my shoelace

[Chorus]
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you
Can see, can do, can see, can do, can you?
Can we get past history? Wanna make a future with you

[Post-Chorus]
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)
(Na-na-na-nana-nanana)

[Verse 1]
I'm smokin' gas in my Mulsanne, I got a B on the ashtray
Gucci Mane La Flare and I get money the fast way
I used to have a plug but I robbed him
If he a country boy, you know I overcharge them
I'm on my 6th cup of lean, ain't even 12 o'clock
Katrina water diamonds, I flooded my Rollie watch
Your broad, yeah she seen me and said, "Oh my God"
They know my house, it look like Heaven with the trap god
I'm so ambitious, had a vision at Econo Lodge
Your diamonds 

[?] chain never robbed
I think I'm Pablo playin' forty, transprotin' forty blocks
I'm in the Bay like 2 Chainz, play me, I'ma off the Glock

[Hook]
I sleep with my pistol, eat with my pistol
Wake up in the morning, brush my teeth with my pistol
I know you're jealous cause I fucked your freak with my pistol
Got 

[?] all the time, nigga don't reach for that pistol

[Verse 2]
Keep a pistol on person, call up Brick Squad when you greet me
And when you leave me, stop reachin' cause if you reach then I'm teachin'
I'm tryna hit you everywhere, bitch, but under your sneakers
It's 20K for a feature, pull up your spot with street sweepers
Give me a reason to kill you, I'll kill you, all of your people
They think I'm Steven Seagal cause I come back with the sequel
Man this two nights in a row I got a 10 millimeter
I tote this strap like illegal, make you strip like 

[?]

[Hook]
I sleep with my pistol, eat with my pistol
Wake up in the morning, brush my teeth with my pistol
I know you're jealous cause I fucked your freak with my pistol
Got 

[?] all the time, nigga don't reach for that pistol

[Intro]
While you're fast asleep

[Verse 1]
Do you experience nervousness or shakiness inside, faintness and dizziness? The idea that someone else can control your thoughts. Feeling others are to blame for most of your thoughts. Trouble remembering things, feeling easily annoyed and irritated. Feeling afraid in open spaces or in public. Thoughts of ending your life. Feeling that most people could not be trusted. Poor appetite, heart or chest pains?

[Chorus]
I feel like this
I feel like this
I feel like that
I feel like this all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time

[Verse 2]
Do you feel tempered outbursts, that you cannot control? Feeling lonely, even when you are with people, feeling blocked. Feeling blue, sad, feeling disinterested in things, feeling fearful. Are your feelings easily hurt? Feeling that people are unfriendly, or do you feel like people dislike you?

[Chorus]
I feel like that all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time

[Verse 3]
Do you have trouble falling asleep? Nausea, upset stomach, hot or cold spells? Numbness, tingling in parts of your body, trouble catchin' your breath?

[Chorus]
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time
I feel like that
I feel like that
I feel like that all the time

[Verse 1]
Cameras, I despise, they can't look me in my eyes
I act meek as of a sheep but a coyote in disguise
Got a condo full of pies and I love to improvise
Mob ties like a wiseguy, I have you cooked and fried
If you try me, I'ma blind yah swear somebody died
Since he lied the way he lied then he sleepin' with the flies
Homicide, suicide, genocide when I ride
R.I.P. D.O.A., EMT just arrived
Throw his body in the ocean, let it wash out with the tide
Tie his head to a tire 'cause I knew he would collide
Thought that I would let it slide but I cannot set aside
Drop the beef, the nigga tried but his request was denied

[Hook]
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
The goons, the bitches, everybody dies
The dogs, the fishes, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
The goons, the bitches, everybody dies
The dogs, the fishes, everybody dies

[Verse 2]
Fuck with Dirt Gang, get murked
Fuck with Gucci Mane, get murked
Fuck with Flocka Flame, get murked
And I put that shit on dirt
I ain't talkin' 'bout no water game when I say my niggas squirt
They pull up, hop out, BOW BOW SKRRRRT
It's DT, nigga, when you see me, nigga

[?] on nigga
When I squeeze this Glock, turn to feces, nigga
And I'm 'bout that life
No Adidas, but I got them stripes
And I got that TEC, if I cut that check
Then my young niggas gon' go nice

[Hook]
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
The goons, the bitches, everybody dies
The dogs, the fishes, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
The goons, the bitches, everybody dies
The dogs, the fishes, everybody dies

[Verse 3]
Everybody gunnin', shoot 'em up, bang
Straightjacket music, Brick Squad, we insane
Everybody dies, from the roaches to the rats
Everybody dies, that's a mothafuckin' fact
Gucci, Debo, Flock, they handle their B.I
Cop a 15, load it up like I'm T.I
Brick Squad shooters, we got killers on the west
.44 Bulldog don't leave a stupid mess

[Hook]
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
The goons, the bitches, everybody dies
The dogs, the fishes, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
Fuck with Brick Squad, nigga, everybody dies
The goons, the bitches, everybody dies
The dogs, the fishes, everybody dies

[Hook]
Just left the house, 12 bust in, I was lucky
In the late 90s I wasn’t even rapping, I was hustling
You got a master's degree but your shoes so fucking dusty
Graduated from Georgia Tech and don’t got nothing
Now damnit, end of discussion
I’m not a professor but I’m saying fuck a budget
Budget, I don’t do the budget
Louis luggage, fuck clothes, all I pack is jewelry

[Verse 1]
Fours on my Masi, make it look like it got crutches
You want a Halle Berry bitch then ball like David Justice
I need some stick deodorant cause my weed is so musty
I'm at Frank Ski with your main bitch and she don’t even know what brunch is
Sipping on that Actavis you sipping Robitussin
Acting like you leaning but you know you really flexing
I’m stupid Gucci, shouting Gucci, yeah I overdoes it
I signed Black Migo Scooter, and told him fuck a budget

[Hook]
Just left the house, 12 bust in, I was lucky
In the late 90s I wasn’t even rapping, I was hustling
You got a master's degree but your shoes so fucking dusty
Graduated from Georgia Tech and don’t got nothing
Budget, budget, motherfuck a budget
Budget, budget, motherfuck a budget

[Verse 2]
1017 that’s my clique, we the brick squad
Y’all all on my dick like a bitch, you the dick squad
There’s plenty pieces of the puzzle but nigga I’m the big pawn
So Icey Boys, OJ, and Gucci Mane, we the brick boys
Riding in Mobile with the scrap like I’m Rich Boy
Two half a million dollar chains like I’m Tit Boi
Money got me gettin' real fat, I’m a big boy
Tried to lock me up for fightin' dogs, Mike Vick boy

[Hook]
Just left the house, 12 bust in, I was lucky
In the late 90s I wasn’t even rapping, I was hustling
You got a master's degree but your shoes so fucking dusty
Graduated from Georgia Tech and don’t got nothing
Budget, budget, motherfuck a budget
Budget, budget, motherfuck a budget

[Chorus]
B-b-baby girl I think that you a vampire (vampire)
I can’t even look you in the eye (eye)
You rarely see miss lady in the day time (day time)
Baby she’s a creature of the night (yeah)
I met my girlfriend in the graveyard (graveyard shift)
She could never work a 9 to 5 (huh?)
She closed the curtains and she turned the blinds down (down, down)
'Cause baby girl a creature of the night

[Verse 1]
Zone 6 stunner, long dope runner
Big Guwop, Brick Squad, stand tall
My diamonds got insomnia, my bitch is nocturnal
She a sophomore, just start suckin' dick, but she’s a fast learner
Candy paint on all my jewelry, you can call me Willy Wonka
MAC 11 in my MCM bag, clip an anaconda
Got the twenty two like Emmitt Smith
So nigga know you gonna fumble
4 cars, red million dollars, Gucci Mane summer (catch up!)

[Chorus]
Baby girl I think that you a vampire (vampire)
I can’t even look you in the eye (eye)
You rarely see miss lady in the day time (day time)
Baby she’s a creature of the night (yeah)
I met my girlfriend in the graveyard (graveyard shift)
She could never work a 9 to 5 (huh?)
She closed the curtains and she turned the blinds down (down, down)
'Cause baby girl a creature of the night

[Verse 2]
Gucci got straps like Al-Qaeda
Got a vampire bitch, she a rider
Black nails, black lips, black eyeliner
Black hair to her butt, Elvira
Bling man, white teeth, white powder
Black car, gold teeth, switched style up
White 'wop bands, brick squad wilder
Get 5 heartbeats high, Eddy King Junior
Gucci

[Chorus]
Baby girl I think that you a vampire (vampire)
I can’t even look you in the eye (eye)
You rarely see miss lady in the day time (day time)
Baby she’s a creature of the night (yeah)
I met my girlfriend in the graveyard (graveyard shift)
She could never work a 9 to 5 (huh?)
She closed the curtains and she turned the blinds down (down, down)
'Cause baby girl a creature of the night
Baby girl I think that you a vampire (vampire)
I can’t even look you in the eye (eye)
You rarely see miss lady in the day time (day time)
Baby she’s a creature of the night (yeah)
I met my girlfriend in the graveyard (graveyard shift)
She could never work a 9 to 5 (huh?)
She closed the curtains and she turned the blinds down (down, down)
'Cause baby girl a creature of the night

[Intermission: Jamie Foxx]
Something about that makes me wanna dance
Something about that makes me wanna move
Something about that makes me wanna get down
And get closer to you

[Verse 1: Jamie Foxx]
Get a little closer to me too
I get a little shy when we start to move
I get a little high when I'm tryna decide if it's London or China too
Forget about the plans that you got later
I kiss you like you can't have too many
The Earth is like round and round we go
When it's gon' stop, you never know
So in the meantime I'm here and I'm gone in love,gone in love
Because you chose me, I'm walkin' cloud 9 above,above,above

[Hook: Jamie Foxx]
Baby's in love
Baby's on top, never gon' stop to get what she wants
Whatever she want, givin' it up, cause baby's in love
Baby don't need anything more than just what I got
Baby's in love

[Intermission x2]

[Intermission: Jamie Foxx]
Something about that makes me wanna dance
Something about that makes me wanna move
Something about that makes me wanna get down
And get closer to you

[Intermission: Jamie Foxx]
Something about that makes me wanna dance
Something about that makes me wanna move
Something about that makes me wanna get down
And get closer to you

[Verse 2: Kid Ink]
It's Kid Ink, uh
So come and walk my way
Roll up, I can spark that flame
There's something about the way you make that face
Girl is you talkin' to me, whoa?
Let's start with the drink, pour up
Get you and your friends toe up
Don't sip slow on the low though
Wait, tell me what you here for
I could read the signal, girl, you bad, sinful
Body just like a centerfold
But you probably got a nigga though
If anybody ask, I don't know him
Couldn't just let you pass me and ignore it
Doin' all that cute shit
Took a couple shots and got shot by Cupid

[Hook x4]
Baby's in love
Baby's on top, never gon' stop to get what she wants
Whatever she want, givin' it up, cause baby's in love
Baby don't need anything more than just what I got
Baby's in love

Baby's in love
Baby's on top, never gon' stop to get what she wants
Whatever she want, givin' it up, cause baby's in love
Baby don't need anything more than just what I got
Baby's in love

Baby's in love
Baby's on top, never gon' stop to get what she wants
Whatever she want, givin' it up, cause baby's in love
Baby don't need anything more than just what I got
Baby's in love

Baby's in love
Baby's on top, never gon' stop to get what she wants
Whatever she want, givin' it up, cause baby's in love
Baby don't need anything more than just what I got
Baby's in love

[Intro]
Yeah
Punch what's happening brother?
Niggas be poppin' that shit to me like it's something new to me or something, I tell 'em bout
I tell a nigga quick, that shit just a rerun to me nigga
I've been doing this shit since vanguard

[?] brother
Antonio what's happening with it?
Niggas hatin' on me but hop right on my dick soon as they see me
Soon as they see me they be like

[Verse 1]
What up Dot?
That's what they tell me every second around the clock
Every time I clock in, rappers checking they watch
Studio paid for, hours unlimited
Assholes, how many MCs I knock off they payroll
How many God MCs I knock off they halo
Hip-hop ain't dead, consumers changed up
Rappers love to see gold like the end of a rainbow
I stay low like my socks under my ankles
Play the back like a turtle shell, know well
That my team got me if I ever slack on my shit
So I fail, guess what? I don't even trip
Just like that, crush your little battle raps, punchlines
I did that in 99' you think it's a gold mine
When you think of one, you think you hot but I think you done
Like Queens New York slang, look what the killer brung
Machine guns to a fight, fucking right
Pay your bills or I'm turning out your lights, good night
I shatter niggas dreams, thinking they the West Coast kings
'Till I drop like visine
Tell a nigga quick it ain't always what it seems
Like the stitching on swap meet jeans
I'm itching to scratch a whack rapper, gun clapper
Snuff him like a rude capper, got a cool bladder, but I'm pissed off
At ya

[Hook]
The real is back
Fuck the artificial, won't you let the realers rap
They scribble in they notebooks, me I state facts
Safe estate, they know where the best be at
Whenever I ask, (are you not entertained?)
Body any nigga that wanna holla' my name
And what, no cuts, this is Top Dawg gang
What the fuck, everybody else, pull your panties up

[Verse 2]
Nigga said he'd snatch my chain in the streets, what chain?
I barely wear jewelry, so I ever had one
You barely see it on me, and if I ever had a gun
You wouldn't know it's on me, so snatch it and then you done
I'm in the studio just sipping on Parmesan
Thinking about who could fuck with Kenny and parlor sons
I live this shit, try stop me, you won't live to shit
Probably catch four between your abdomen
Next time you see me, don't ask me who I'm collabing with
Between me and you, some of the new West is actresses
New hate activists, lowkey can't stand our shit
But still we continue to drink laxatives
Cold blooded, make the label hand me your budget
This is mine don't touch (pow pow), did I stutter?
Catch two, cats knew, I been a gorilla, welcome to the zoo
Yup, you little monkeys know what it do
Come test me

[Hook]
The real is back
Fuck the artificial, won't you let the realers rap
They scribble in they notebooks, me I state facts
Safe estate, they know where the best be at
Whenever I ask, (are you not entertained?)
Body any nigga that wanna holla' my name
And what, no cuts, this is Top Dawg gang
What the fuck, everybody else, pull your panties up

[Verse 3]
Dayum, you killin' 'em K-Dizzle
And if you don't kill 'em then you send 'em to hospitals
Sleeping on a reclined bed with a thin pillow
I'm with a white bitch, ass like a black widow
Bet I jumble to the end of my lifeline
So when I die, you can say I balled for a long time
The 08' Frankenstein, beast like Sasquatch
Feet size thirty-six, steppin on Hip-Hop cause that's my bitch
I write a rhyme, then she ride my dick
The girl is mine, I don't know that hoe that you with
You niggas know this, I'm way better than I've ever been
So focused, like a sniper when he zoom in
What's your motives? I bet it's to go against
Or like the GT get your bitch ass bit, all on these streets
I'm the all mighty K, Compton
Rep it 'till my very death day, let the reaper in his face
And recite every song from N.W.A
I pay homage for those great who paved the way
Wait, back to the subject of who's and who doesn't
Do what I do, bluffin' until I touch 'em
Like a masseuse do, nothing compares to me
But the throne, so tell 'em bring the chair to me
I'm a red bullet, small nigga
But I handle y'all niggas like I'm eight feet tall
Nigga

[Hook: Sia] x2
No we won't say no
Beautiful people say "go, go, go"
Beautiful people don't stress, stress, stress
We never rest
Beautiful people say "yes"

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, kills 'em
Took her home and the sex was so bomb she killed him
She don't do thousands, she do millions
Take all that paper, stack it up to the ceiling
There's a lot of ballers in the the building, and she's trying to catch one
The last was the right nigga, the next was the best one
If she get a hold of you, problems, you'll get some
Better get outta Dodge, outer space, Jetsons
She looked me into my face and lied
She put me into her mouth, I died
She took me back to her place
And showed me what's left of the niggas who ever told me to never try

[Hook: Sia] x2
No we won't say no
Beautiful people say "go, go, go"
Beautiful people don't stress, stress, stress
We never rest
Beautiful people say "yes"

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Ooh, you ain't even trying to catch a man
You just fall up in the club, doing what you do
New hair, new shoes, they've been told to stay away from you
But they break the rules
Sad to say but they deserve to lose
She's a black girl, baby, they don't lose
Should have payed attention to the clues
Now she stuck to you like glue
Now you like what, like who, write what, right there
Call you when you wanna roll up and make moves
Now the time's up, now it's clear
Gotta get the fuck up outta here
Real niggas gone do what they gotta do
Now baby-girl I ain't hating, I'm just using some hesitation
Some niggas got beef with you, I don't blame em
That's that bullshit, so I'm skating

[Hook: Sia]
No we won't say no
Beautiful people say "go, go, go"
Beautiful people don't stress, stress, stress
We never rest
Beautiful people say "yes"

[Outro: Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, smoke weed all day
I don't got time for that bullshit

[Hook]
I can’t hang with no broke nigga, broke nigga, broke nigga
I can’t run around with no pilly nigga, pilly nigga, pilly nigga
You’s a pocket watcher, pocket watcher, pocket watcher, pocket watcher
Your brother a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher
Your motherfucking mother is a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher
I bet your baby mama is a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher
Know I trap, because I got that rocket launcher, rocket launcher

[Verse 1]
This Guwop, and I got them guns like super contra
Show me respect nephew, cause I’m still your uncle
Playing 50,000 dollars of chalk and double talk ya
My dope is Janet Jackson dancing, you Titanic, I sank ya
I’m a San Valley trap school professor and I flunk ya
I was a youngster, cocaine 

[?]
She be having nightmares, I’m a full grown monster
I’m a one man band, Gucci Mane, Stevie Wonder
Ice cream land, AKA zone 6 jungle
Put on your dark swag suit, open your mouth let me see your tonsils
Take two of these capsules, only take call me when you want some

[Hook]
I can’t hang with no broke nigga, broke nigga, broke nigga
I can’t run around with no pilly nigga, pilly nigga, pilly nigga
You’s a pocket watcher, pocket watcher, pocket watcher, pocket watcher
Your brother a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher
Your motherfucking mother is a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher
I bet your baby mama is a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher, a pocket watcher
Know I trap, because I got that rocket launcher, rocket launcher

[Verse 1]
See the pyramids along the Nile
Watch the sun rise from a tropic isle
Just remember, darling, all the while
You belong to me

[Verse 2]
See the market place in old Algiers
Send me photographs and souvenirs
Just remember when a dream appears
You belong to me

[Bridge]
I'll be so alone without you
Maybe you'll be lonesome too
And blue

[Verse 3]
Fly the ocean in a silver plane
See the jungle when it's wet with rain
Just remember 'til you're home again
You belong to me

[Bridge]
I'll be so alone without you
Maybe you'll be lonesome too
And blue

[Verse 4]
Fly the ocean in a silver plane
See the jungle when it's wet with rain
Just remember 'til you're home again
You belong to me

[Intro]
Derulo

[Verse 1]
It's too hard to sleep
I got the sheets on the floor, nothing on me
And I can't take it no more, it's a hundred degrees
I got one foot out the door, where are my keys? 'Cause I gotta leave, yeah
In the back of the cab (ooh)
I tipped the driver 'head of time, get me there fast (Ooh)
I got your body on my mind, I want it bad (Ooh)
Ooh, just the thought of you gets me so high, so high

[Chorus]
Girl, you're the one I want to want me
And if you want me, girl, you got me
There's nothing I, no, I wouldn't do (I wouldn't do)
Just to get up next to you
Girl, you're the one I want to want me
And if you want me, girl, you got me
There's nothing I, no, I wouldn't do (I wouldn't do)
Just to get up next to you
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Just to get up next to you
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Aw yeah

[Verse 2]
You open the door (Ooh)
Wearing nothing but a smile down to the floor (Ooh)
And you whisper in my ear, "Baby, I'm yours" (Ooh)
Ooh, just the thought of you gets me so high (So high), so high

[Chorus]
Girl, you're the one I want to want me
And if you want me, girl, you got me
There's nothing I, no, I wouldn't do (I wouldn't do)
Just to get up next to you
Girl, you're the one I want to want me (Uh)
And if you want me, girl, you got me
There's nothing I, no, I wouldn't do (I wouldn't do)
Just to get up next to you (Yeah)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Just to get up next to you
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (Ooh)

[Bridge]
Just the thought of you
Gets me so high, so high
Ooh, just the thought of you
Gets me so high, so high

[Chorus]
Girl, you're the one I want to want me (I want, want you)
And if you want me, girl, you got me (You got me)
There's nothing I, no, I wouldn't do (I wouldn't do) (I wouldn't do)
Just to get up next to you (Whoa, oh)
Girl, you're the one I want to want me
And if you want me, girl, you got me (You want, want, want me) (You got me)
There's nothing I, no, I wouldn't do (Oh no, I wouldn't do)
Just to get up next to you (Oh)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
I would do anything, just to get up next to you
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Anything and everything, just to get up next to you
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Baby, just to get up next to you
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Oh, get up, get up

[Verse 1]
You never knew a plug, plug, plug, a plug like this
Sophisticated gangsta, watch me thug like this
Snatch your, uh, in a club like this
Seven zeros, need my pub like this
Stuck in a rock in a hard place
I am thinkin' I won't bump y'all up, well, I am
I got to get my thing off
My style come from Devin the Dude, Kurupt, 2
And James Brown with his fist crossed
I fluctuate the vocals like Prince Rogers
Whoever thought a billionaire come out of Compton?
Multiply simple logic, it's rules you can follow
If Dre ain't motivation, I don't know who is
Gift and a curse, maybe them shoes is too big
Or maybe I'm too pessimistic to know I'm gifted
Chasin' hood rat brownie points and bullshittin'
I dropped the four on 'em, scrapin', hopped a four on 'em
Grab my dick and pour on 'em
Yeah, homie, I'm still talkin' that whoop-de-whoop
Hoppin' out on my enemies, I know who to shoot
Back when my homies where I need to be
Such a familiar sceneries, I smell the gun smoke
I watched a homie watch his son smoke
I seen the sun set on my set
I seen one 'Ru and one Loc, one slip and one played him close
Everythin' subject to change
Nowadays, the Compton Crip car kill each other
Faster than an opposite color
Homies whack out everythin', you're dead, homie
It's your mother, your uncle and brother
If God was a Loc, he'd probably had one comin'
Damn, that's fucked up, I guess it is
When you can't trust not a soul inside these streets
I made a video out there in Copenhagen, so the homies can see
To let 'em know it's more than just Pamela Lee
They said, "Good looking"
Paused the video the moment his phone ring
That fast dollar was his only problem
No matter how many times I showed him the Eiffel Tower
The block was home and Africa was too far for power
Then I knew

[Bridge]
And you don't and you don't and you don't
And you don't and you don't and you don't
And you don't and you don't and you don't
And you don't and you don't stop

[Verse 2]
This feelin' is unmatched
This feelin' is brought to you by adrenaline and good rap
Black Pendleton ball cap
We don't share the same synonyms, fall back
Been in it before Internet had new hacks
My innocence limited, the experience lacked
Ten of us with no tentative tactic that cracked
The mind of a literate writer, but I did in fact
You admitted it once I submitted it wrapped in plastic
Remember scribblin', scratchin' diligent sentences backwards
Visitin' freestyle cyphers for your reaction
Now I can visit a stadium, pack it the fastest
Gamblin' Benjamin benefits, sittin' in traffic
Spinnin' women in cartwheels, linen fabric on fashion
Winnin' in every decision
Kendrick is master and mastered it
Isn't it lovely how menace has turned attraction?
Pivotin' rappers, finish your fraction, runnin' pure magic
Thank God for rap, I will say it got me a plaque
But what's better than that? I know everything
I know everything, I know myself
I know morality, spirituality, good and bad health
I know fatality might haunt you
I know everything, I know Compton
I know street shit, I know shit that's conscious, I know everything
I know lawyers, advertisement and sponsors
I know wisdom, I know bad religion, I know good karma
I know everything, I know history
I know the universe works mentally
I know the perks of bullshit, that isn't meant for me
I know everything, I know cars, clothes, hoes and money
I know loyalty, I know respect, I know those that's hungry
I know everything, the highs to lows to groupies and junkies
I know if I'm generous at heart, I don't need recognition
The way I'm rewarded, well, that's God's decision
You know, they know that from Compton School District
I give it to the kids, don’t gossip ‘bout how it was distributed
I, I, I know how people work, I know the price of life
I know how much it’s worth, I know what I know and I know it well
Not to ever forget until I realized I didn’t know shit
Big Boy, what’s up?

[Bridge]

[Verse 3]
I don’t give a butt  about no politics in rap
My little homie Stunna Deuce ain’t never comin' back
So I got to go hard every time I jump on wax
Bump what they talking ‘bout, this here is where it’s at
Look, I came in this game, I stuck my fangs in this game
I wore no chain in this game, my hood, my name in this game
Now I double up, time to bubble up the bread and huddle up
I’m stickin' to the scripts like, “Yeah, 'em Benjamins can cuddle up”
I skip, hop, I drip-drop, I flip-flop with them white tube socks
It go sherm sticks, watch me burn this
That’s what the chronic smell like when them chemicals mix
Fifty-homie salute, I’m out to Compton Zoo with the extras
El Cos, Monte Carlos, Road Kings and dressers
Rip Ridaz, P-Funkers, Mexicans that eff with me
Nobody can eff with me, tell y'all to eff with me
Jumpin' out the Caddy, uh, just got my dick sucked
The little homies called
They said, "The enemies done cliqued up"
Oh yeah? Puto want to squabble with mi barrio?
Oh, yeah? Tell 'em they can run it for the cardio
Oh, yeah? Everythin' is everythin', it's scandalous
Slow motion for the ambulance, the project filled with cameras
The LAPD gamblin', scramblin', football numbers slanderin'
Homie’s name on paper, you snitched all summer
The streets don’t fail me now, they want to put the game in town
From Compton to Congress, it’s set trippin’ all around
Ain’t nothin' new but a flow of new DemoCrips and ReBloodlicans
Red state versus a blue state, which one you governin’?
They give us guns and drugs, call us thugs
Tell me they profit to fuck with you
Nobody can fuck with you, Obama said, "What it do?"

[Bridge]
Can I get one more?

[Verse 4]
Everybody want to talk about who this and who that
Who the realest and who wack, who white or who black
Critics want to mention that they miss when hip hop was rappin’
Motherfuck if they did, then a nigga'd be platinum
Y’all priorities are fucked up, put energy in wrong shit
Hennessy and Crown Vic, my memory been gone since
Don’t ask about no politician at award shows
No, don’t ask about my, hoes, no, don’t ask about my foes
'Less you askin' me about power, yeah, I got a lot of it
I’m the only nigga next to Snoop that can push the button
Had the Coast on standby
“K. Dot, what up? I heard they opened up Pandora’s box”
I box ‘em all in, buyin' land stock
I recall the time they found those fossilized mosquitoes
And before long, they were cloning DNA
Now, I'm being chased by some irate velociraptors
Well, believe me, this has been one lousy day

Jurassic Park is frightening in the dark
All the dinosaurs are running wild
Someone shut the fence off in the rain
I admit it's kinda eerie
But this proves my "Chaos Theory"
And I don't think I'll be coming back again
Oh noooo!

I cannot approve of this attraction
'Cause getting disembowled always makes me kinda mad
A huge Tyrannosaurus ate our lawyer
Well I suppose that proves they're really not all bad

Jurassic Park is frightening in the dark
All the dinosaurs are running wild
Someone let T-rex out of his pen
I'm afraid those things will harm me
Cause they sure don't act like Barney
And they think that I'm their dinner, not their friend
Oh nooo!
**Tortured screams**

Jurassic Park is frightening in the dark
All the dinosaurs are running wild
What a crummy weekend this has been
Well, this sure ain't no E-ticket
Think I'll tell them where to stick it
Cause I'm never coming back this way, again!
Oh nooo!!! whoooaahh nooooo!

[Chorus: Charlie Puth]
It's been a long day without you, my friend
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
We've come a long way from where we began
Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
When I see you again

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Damn, who knew?
All the planes we flew, good things we been through
That I'd be standing right here talking to you
'Bout another path, I know we loved to hit the road and laugh
But something told me that it wouldn't last
Had to switch up, look at things different, see the bigger picture
Those were the days, hard work forever pays
Now I see you in a better place (See you in a better place)

[Refrain: Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, how could we not talk about family when family's all that we got?
Everything I went through, you were standing there by my side
And now you gon' be with me for the last ride

[Chorus: Charlie Puth, Wiz Khalifa]
It's been a long day without you, my friend
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (I'll see you again)
We've come a long way (Yeah, we came a long way) from where we began
(You know we started)
Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (I'll tell you)
When I see you again
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
First, you both go out your way and the vibe is feeling strong
And what's small turned to a friendship
A friendship turned to a bond
And that bond will never be broken
The love will never get lost (The love will never get lost)
And when brotherhood come first
Then the line will never be crossed
Established it on our own when that line had to be drawn
And that line is what we reached
So remember me when I'm gone (Remember me when I'm gone)

[Refrain: Wiz Khalifa]
How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got?
Everything I went through you were standing there by my side
And now you gon' be with me for the last ride

[Bridge: Charlie Puth]
So let the light guide your way, yeah
Hold every memory as you go
And every road you take
Will always lead you home, home

[Chorus: Charlie Puth, Wiz Khalifa]
It's been a long day without you, my friend
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
We've come a long way from where we began
Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
When I see you again
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh (Uh)
Yeah yeah (Yeah)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (Yo)
When I see you again (Yo, uh)
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh
See you again, oh-oh (Yo, yo)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (Uh-huh)
(Yup) When I see you again

[Intro: Nicki Minaj]
Nicki Minaj
Maroon 5
Let's go
Yo

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
I got them Now & Laters and them Jolly Ranchers, too
It ain't a question, but I got the answers, too
These shoes is Cavalli, and the pants is, too
When I see him, I'ma strip like the dancers do
I'ma show them how to do it like the pamphlets do
Show these girls how to do it off campus too
Yo, as long as you know he got the baddest, I'm flattered
I'm the only one that he answers to
And if you need it, then I'ma put it on ya
Ain't nothin' sweeter, you want this sugar, don't ya?
Up, down, inside, water park it, slip slide
Woulda, coulda, shoulda got ya sugar, get ya sugar

[Chorus: Adam Levine]
Sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?
I'm right here, 'cause I need
Little love, a little sympathy
Yeah you show me good loving, make it all right
Need a little sweetness in my life
Your sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?

[Verse 2: Adam Levine]
Babe, my broken pieces, you pick them up
Don't leave me hanging, hanging, come give me some
When I'm without you, I'm so insecure
You are the one thing, one thing I'm living for

[Pre-Chorus: Adam Levine]
I don't wanna be needing your love
I just wanna be deep in your love
And it's killing me when you're away
Oh baby
'Cause I really don't care where you are
I just wanna be there where you are
And I gotta get one little taste

[Chorus: Adam Levine]
Sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?
I'm right here, 'cause I need
Little love, a little sympathy
Yeah you show me good loving, make it all right
Need a little sweetness in my life
Your sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?

[Bridge: Adam Levine]
I want that red velvet, I want that sugar sweet
Don't let nobody touch it unless that somebody's me
I gotta be a man, there ain't no other way
'Cause girl you're hotter than the Southern California Bay
Never wanna play no games, you don't gotta be afraid
Don't give me all that shy shit
No make-up on, that's my sugar

[Chorus: Adam Levine]
Sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?
I'm right here, 'cause I need
Little love, a little sympathy
Yeah you show me good loving, make it all right
Need a little sweetness in my life
Your sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?
Sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?
I'm right here, 'cause I need
Little love, a little sympathy
Yeah you show me good loving, make it all right
Need a little sweetness in my life
Your sugar, yes please
Won't you come and put it down on me?

[Chorus]
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you

[Verse 1]
What if I pick you up from your house?
We should get out, we haven't talked in a while
We should roll to see where it goes
I saw potential in you from the go, you know that I did
I don't know if you know, but I know who you are
You could be big as Madonna
Just get in the car and then let's touch the road
Don't make other plans
Say you get up early, you work for the man
Well, he'll understand
Pull up, I'm pullin' up on you in ten
Already on ten
Big as Madonna, I'll say it again (Six-six-six!)
Soon as you get in

[Chorus]
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you

[Verse 2]
Plan this shit out on my own, the way it should go
Wrote it in code then wrote it in stone
So they'll never know
But I might tell you one day you never know
We'll see how I feel
We'll see if you hold up your end of the deal
For now let me handle the wheel
And don't worry about doing your hair
Or what you should wear
This not a video shoot I don't care
Don't over-prepare
Got to remind me again where you stay
Even though I think I know the way
But, you know, just in case I miss the road
Pulling up on you in ten just be ready to go

[Chorus]
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you

[Verse 2]
Planned this shit out on my own, the way it should go
Wrote it in code then wrote it in stone, so they'll never know
But I might tell you one day, you never know
We'll see how I feel
We'll see if you hold up your end of the deal
For now let me handle the wheel and don't worry 'bout doing your hair
Or what you should wear, this not a video shoot, I don't care
Don't over prepare
Gotta remind me again where you stay
Even though I think I know the way, but just in case I miss the road
Pulling up on you, j-just be ready to go

[Chorus]
Breathe through, ride through
Damn, girl, oh man, I don't know
Pilled up, filled up
Damn, girl, I'll be gettin' back to you for sure
Laced up, dripped up, sauced up
Damn, girl, I wanna ride with you
Waved up, goin' up, glowin' up, growin' up
Had to get it poppin' with you
You know, one connection that I have, you know, to, I believe everyone in this room, but especially with like me and Virgil and Don C and Fonzworth Bentley and all the people from the infamous Tommy Ton then transferred to South Park photo. Have dealt with in their life somehow, you know, being ridiculed for liking fashion. For that being a career you want to take up. Like even with the stylist that I work with that’s my.. I always call her my baby of M.A.S. 

[?]. “You’re my M.A.S. and I’m your Nicholas.” And her brother’s a doctor. And somehow in her family she’s looked at like she didn’t do as much  in her life ‘cause she did fashion and something. You know, and, she was the little girl that eight years ago showed me who Emmanuelle Alt was. Back when I was, you know, less informed about how to put my shit together

And I honest.. I’mma jump to a point just so I don’t take too long. I believe that the world can be changed. The world can be saved through design. Through unselfish design. Through unselfish creation. You know, God is the number one creator. I’m a Christian, I’m not tryna push my opinions on anyone. But in my opinion God is the number one creator. And we, anytime we, you know, create, we’re extension of doing his work on Earth. While we’re here what can we do for humanity? And, you know, in a way, the fashion is what defines the time. People could think in some way they’re higher classes, some higher statuses that contribute more to the world because, you know, they work on bombs, they work at technology, they, you know, they school teachers. Whatever it is that seems to be somehow that type of profession that when you say it everybody is, “oh, you’re a lawyer? Oh great.. lawyer? Motherfucker.” No knock to lawyers, but you know what I’m talking about. So there are no movies without fashion. We define the times, we set in stone. What did 2015 mean? What did 2014 mean? You know? I always told Anna - “I wanna be in the middle of that conversation.” As we all know, The Devil Wears Prada was about Anna .. I said, “I wanna be in the middle of that conversation.” Nah, I’m saying.. we know this. So, where.. she was talking about the blue sweater. And previous to Instagram and all that type of shit do you know this conversation, “you think you not part of fashion because you don’t datatata.” Like the blue sweater, okay, you would know this. And somehow like me and my crew, you know, like all these straight, black guys from Chicago that no one knew why they were at the fucking show. You know, wanted to say, let’s make the conversation, you know, let’s make the conversation shorter between, you know, when the blue sweater goes from a Wang show to when it finally hit Kohl’s’ or something. Pre-Instagram, pre all that shit, pre people, you know, wanted to show what they had, before images were the new currency

When we talk about, you know, I was talking to Rassi earlier and he was saying, you know, what his background was and you know, the way he appreciated all of his opportunities that he has like, to just being in America and being able to create. And I told him he had to arm wrestle with Virgil on like who is the greatest guy that I knew ‘cause he’s definitely one of the top. You know, one of these times when I look at like him and say “wow,” you know, I wish I could interact with people in the way that he interacts. I wish that I could believe in people unselfishly without, you know, worrying about how it may affect me, affects my reputation blabla, or all of what fashion is. Because I think that’s word fashion insiders, but everyone’s a fashion insider, you know. It’s illegal to be naked, everyone has some form of fashion, every single day. And I think it’s, the point I wanna make before I bring ‘em up, because I wanted to make this point to this room really.. you know, we have the power to change the world. I believe that through design ‘cause design is the closest to truth. Problem solving, truth is the closest to love, love is the closest thing to God and God is love. But we have to be unselfish in our approach which is the opposite of someone saying, “Kanye you can’t get in this show ‘cause you’re a celebrity” or some shit like that. You know, the way we embrace celebrity, the way, what Miley’s had to go through in the past couple years. Dealing with the fashion bigots and shit like that. I’m not gonna give you guys the speech that Tarantino gave at the Lacma, I’mma say what the fuck he should’ve really said, you know. The old guard accepting the new guard by letting down their guard. I don’t even know if I made one fucking good point

But what I wanna say is, this guy let me, a celebrity designer, work at Milk Studio when Adidas couldn’t figure out where my office was. We didn’t have windows, you know, it was cool, you know. We’d go out and get a cup of coffee, we stole a bunch of free cappuccinos from down the hallway. And I promised him that I was gonna be fucking good. It wasn’t about me being a celebrity ‘cause it could’ve been like, “what do you mean you got a celebrity designer working at Milk Studio? This is very authentic, blablabla..” All the shit. And he told me a story about this kid who stood on his steps and shit, you know, waiting for opportunities to design then went onto one day become the youngest American to run a French house called Balenciaga. That he believed in that kid back then, believing in, spending everything on Alexander Wang. And, I’m closing now. I don’t move, I don’t leave my fucking crib unless I really believe in someone. I don’t read the teleprompters blablabla. And I’m so happy that Jeremy is here ‘cause Jeremy asked me to come here also and Jeremy is another one of those bad motherfuckers that changed the game and always expressed himself. I’m not gonna say shit else. So all I’mma say is, I fucking love this guy and he sets an example to us as a humanitarian, as a visionary and as an innovator: Rassi

[Intro]
Uh, mic check 1-2 (Go get 'em)
Listen close, nigga, yeah

[Verse]
Uh, if rappers want it, they can get it
Flow tighter than four fat bitches sittin' in a Civic
My flows are unimaginable, Hannibal Lecter shit
Eatin' emcees for breakfast, bitch
Since I was born to touch the mic,The First Time it's been a problem
Your life was a mistake, your pops should've wore a condom
You niggas think you hard, I think you better come harder (Go hard)
I leave rappers confused, like will.i.am's barber
Ah, fuckin' with Luda's not a great look
A verse'll make your fans, unfriend you on Facebook
Click, my styles are goin' into labor
So if stars won a war, I'm their daddy like Darth Vader
And since I'm always high, it's kind of hard to overlook me
For over a hundred stacks, it's kind of hard to overbook me
And a whole 'nother house for my cars is on my checklist
Cause to fit 'em in one garage, is like a nigga playin' Tetris
But they say patience is a virtue, cause I got your bitch stayin' out way past her curfew
Guess I was a thief, that got away with these words
Slangin' chickens out my whip, like I been playin' Angry Birds
In a black Rolls Royce, Dark Knight like Batman
Everywhere you turn, the Ghost follows like Pac-Man
And I sleep with the John Dillinger
And always keep an eye half-open, like Forest Whitaker
No, you boys ain't ready for combat
Be more worried if I renew my Def Jam contract
What path is he on? Opponents, I laugh and be gone
They handin' in the towels like they work in Bed, Bath & Beyond
But in the midst of all the melee, y'all niggas just bitches with dicks like Sheneneh
Your rap styles are phony, your lines are just dead
And I be on them lines, like a nigga just played
Guess I'm tryin' to say I'm advanced, you intermediate
You wouldn't know the real me, if your bitch Wikipedia'd it
Just know that I never tried to be hard
Probably cause Mr. Glock 40's my security guard
You'll get chopped like judo
Gangs in my hood make you reverse
And change your color like the block's playin' Uno
And, yes, some of my friends is still sellin' them drugs
But I just say they Weight Watchers like Jennifer Hud
They show me love
That's why I'll always stay reppin' until the death of me
Rappers talk shit, but ain't nobody ever stepped to me
I hereby command all my fans' to inject it
Overdose on Red Bull in your veins, if you ever slept on me
(wake up)
Yeah, my mind is sharper than a guillotine
All the nines extended, from the knuckles of Wolverine
Not a X-Man, but, man, I got that X
Some of my artists switch labels, but I still get a check
The more albums they sell, the more we all win
And I can be seen in thirty rocks like Alec Baldwin
Or watchin' CBS in a Cadillac DTS
I plan to reach the world, man, your plan is MetroPCS
(can you hear me now)
I changed my music up cause I was gettin' bored
You may not like the way I shoot, but my points go on the board
My name still engrained and these books will be the outcome
And this one verse is harder than a lot of niggas' albums

[Outro]
Peace, fuck out of here, rewind that shit
Ha-ha-ha, Luda, ain't shit changed
PARIS — Fashion has a new odd couple: Bernard Arnault and Kanye West

The luxury titan turned out Saturday night for an impromptu concert by West in the auditorium of his Fondation Louis Vuitton, the new Frank Gehry art destination that later this month will put on display Edvard Munch’s “The Scream,” Henri Matisse’s “Dance” and other modern masterpieces

West drew a crowd packed in like sardines — the kind that hold cell phones — to hear him proclaim, “I wanna thank my original family for having me this evening, the LVMH group,” as he ripped into a version of “Runaway,” the lyrics of which include the refrain, “Let’s have a toast to the jerk-offs/That’ll never take work off.”

The young crowd went wild, with Oscar-winning film director and video artist Steve McQueen twirling his scarf over his head up in the VIP box

“He’s great,” Arnault said after the show, giving a thumbs-up sign and heading to West’s dressing room to offer congratulations, his classical pianist wife Hélène and four of his five children in tow

It was Alexandre Arnault, 22, formerly a DJ, who pulled off the four-night attraction in the middle of Paris Fashion Week. “We organized it in two days,” he said

The student and budding luxury executive, who already works on LVMH’s digital strategy, related that West also offered to premiere his new music video, “All Day,” directed by McQueen

“You saw the film? Fantastic,” Bernard Arnault told a reporter before the concert, which also featured an exhibition of West portraits by photographer Jackie Nickerson

McQueen related how the project came about

“Me and my daughter were shopping in London at Dover Street Market and I got a phone call from Kanye and he says, ‘I’m at Dover Street Market, where are you?’ and I said, ‘Hey, I’m at Dover Street Market,’” he recalled. “I always said I would never shoot a music video, and here we did one in 10 days. That’s Kanye: It’s been a wild ride.”

The director said West played him his entire forthcoming album, “So Help Me God,” and he decided to blend elements of two tracks, shooting the video at Chatham Dockyard, with West donning a vintage T-shirt, Acne Jeans and his new Kanye West x Adidas Originals Yeezy high-tops
In an interview after his performance, his wife Kim Kardashian curled up on a sofa manipulating her iPhones, West was unequivocal about how fashion shows, particularly in Paris, nourish his creativity

“As a musician, I would have never been able to design a show like what you saw tonight if it hadn’t been for my experience in Paris — learning how to minimize and make design decisions, how we started with just the single light,” said West, a stickler for details who barked at security guards between songs for loitering in front of the giant screens surrounding the stage, upon which images of boiling clouds, waterfalls, stars and smoky forests were projected. “It’s part of the show,” he pleaded

While a divisive figure in fashion — many are put off by his front-row ubiquity and often surly behavior — West clearly relishes his role as a cultural lightning rod where style, art and music intersect. The hip-hop artist lauded the creative people “that work here, the city itself, the music that’s played at the shows, the colors, the palettes. I actually get a lot that I take back and put into music.”

West’s ties to LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton stretch back to 2006, when he performed at a Fendi event in Tokyo, later collaborating with Louis Vuitton on a sneaker range in 2009

More recently, after meeting at a Givenchy show, West struck up a friendship with Alexandre Arnault, who doffed his Dior Homme jacket at the show and bopped around with his friends, mouthing the words to songs on the playlist, which included “All of the Lights” and “Ni–as in Paris.”

A tour of the foundation building sparked the concert idea. “When I saw it, I was just so in love with architecture and the modern space and the way they curated the art. I just asked would it be OK for me to do a performance there,” West said

Tickets for the four concerts, which end Tuesday, sold out quickly at 100 euros, or $113, a pop. West said all proceeds would go to charity

Meanwhile, Kardashian had spent part of Saturday at the hairdresser to adjust the color on her new blonde locks, which had assumed a yellow cast, not the platinum she was after

“He fully got the color right. And it’s so perfect, I’m like, ‘Don’t make me fly out to Paris every time I need to color my hair,’” she said with a smile. “I’m happy with it. It’s a look. But I have a couple of shoots coming up and everyone is like, ‘Huh, what’s going on?’”

Kardashian said Madonna was partly the inspiration

“I’ve always had references of Madonna with platinum hair. They’ve been on my computer forever, ” she said, letting slip that she would keep the color for an upcoming campaign, but clammed up on the brand

Like West, Kardashian keeps a rein on her image, noting that the black coat slung over her shoulders at the concert, which she took off as the heat intensified, was a Céline style she altered to her liking, making it slimmer, changing the color from white to black, and adding a fur collar

“My mom has the one that’s just as is. So I feel like mine’s a little special,” she said
“And now it’s a really dope coat,” West concurred

[Verse 1]
It's always around me, all this noise
But not nearly as loud as the voice saying
"Let it happen, let it happen (It's gonna feel so good)
Just let it happen, let it happen"

[Chorus 1]
All this running around trying to cover my shadow
A notion growing inside, now all the others seem shallow
All this running around bearing down on my shoulders
I can hear an alarm, must be morning

[Verse 2]
I heard about a whirlwind that's coming 'round
It's gonna carry off all that isn't bound
And when it happens, when it happens (I won't be holding on)
So let it happen, let it happen

[Chorus 2]
All this running around, I can't fight it much longer
Something's trying to get out and it's never been closer
If my take off fails, make up some other story
But if I never come back, tell my mother I'm sorry

[Bridge]
I will not vanish and you will not scare me
Tryna get through it, try to bounce to it
You were not thinkin' that I will not do it
They be lovin' someone and I’m not that stupid
Take the next ticket to take the next train
Why would I do it? And you wanna think that

[Outro]
Baby, now I'm ready, moving on
Oh, but maybe I was ready all along
Oh, I'm ready for the moment and the sound
Oh, but maybe I was ready all along
Oh baby, now I'm ready, moving on
Oh, but maybe I was ready all along
Oh, I'm ready for the moment and the sound
Oh, but maybe I was ready all along, oh baby
Without a doubt, Jimi Hendrix will be remembered as the most innovative electric guitarist of all time. In a professional career that lasted less than a decade, he created music that still sounds as fresh and breathtaking today as it did when he took the pop world by storm in 1967.

[Intro]
Uh, uh, uh, uh, alright, alright
Uh, Slim Shady, yo, yo, yo

[Verse 1]
It's only fair to warn I was born with a set of horns
And metaphors attached to my damn umbilical cord
Warlord of rap that'll bash you with a 2 by 4 board
And smash into your Honda Accord with a 4-door Ford
But I'm more toward droppin' an acapella
To chop a fella to mozzarella worse than a helicopter propeller
Got you locked in a cellar, with your skeleton showing
Developin' anorexia, while I'm standin' next to ya
Eating a full course meal watching you starve to death
With an IV in your vein feeding you liquid Darvocet
Pumping you full of drugs, pull the plugs on the gunshot victims full of bullet slugs
Who were picked up in an ambulance and driven
To receiving with the asses ripped out of they pants
And given a less than 20-percent chance of livin'
Have a possible placement as a hospital patient
Storing the dead bodies in grandma's little basement
Doctor Kevorkian has arrived to perform an autopsy on you while you scream "I'm still alive!"
Driving a rusty scalpel in through the top of your scalp
And pulling your Adam's apple out through your mouth
Better call the fire department
I've hired a arson to set fire to carpet
And burn up your entire apartment
I'm a liar to start shit
Got your bitch wrapped around my dick so tight you need a crowbar to pry her apart with

[Outro]
Motherfucker! Slim Shady, bitch!
Recognize, for the '99! Album February 23rd!

**Dial tone**

[Pre-Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
I took your bitch, that's right
Money keep coming, that's right
Only ride foreign, that's right
Whole team on, that's right
My niggas gon' ride, that's right
My niggas gon' shoot, not fight
Whether wrong or right
That's right, that's right

[Verse 1: Ty Dolla $ign]
Two clubs in one night
25 bands, one night
Kush up in that Raw
Purple in that Sprite
Them hoes in rotation
Money my motivation
Money make her cum
And I'mma make her taste it
Put it in the neck, I'ma make her gag on it
Head in the 'Rari, that's how you blow  a hundred
Hoes come and go
I'ma fuck and then I want 'em
Hoes like J's, wear 'em once then I don't want 'em
Swerve, hit the corner, in the California
Running through these hoes, like I play for Minnesota (A.P!)
She turn off her phone, cause nigga you a sucker
Police ass niggas tellem' stop cuffin'

[Pre-Hook]
I took your bitch, that's right
Money keep coming, that's right
Only ride foreign, that's right
Whole team on, that's right
My niggas gon' ride, that's right
My niggas gon' shoot, not fight
Whether wrong or right
That's right, that's right

[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
That's right she posted in my whip
Posted on my dick
She supposed to be with her nigga
But she posted with my clique
Right her posted in my whip
Posted on my dick
She supposed to be in your work
But she posted with my clique
I told her, post up here
I told her, post up here

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Girl your face looking gorgeous
And my cash is retarted
Need a 5 year plan, cause that ass is enormous
They keep telling you to stop
Bet this cash make you want it
Girl quit acting you like shy
Grab this dick and jump up on it
I was way out in New York
We were smoking California
She can't wait to tell her friends
Talk about in the morning
Beat it like she stole it
Sleeping like she in a coma
You just wish, she wanna be a fool
Think you control her
Couple grand in a rubber band, you know I'm the man
What you saying, baby what you saying
Tell me what's the plan
Is you playin?, is that bitch a ten?
Bands will make her dance
Seen my ex, she was not a fan
Damn...

[Pre-Hook]
I took your bitch, that's right
Money keep coming, that's right
Only ride foreign, that's right
Whole team on, that's right
My niggas gon' ride, that's right
My niggas gon' shoot, not fight
Whether wrong or right
That's right, that's right

[Hook: Ty Dolla $ign]
That's right she posted in my whip
Posted on my dick
She supposed to be with her nigga
But she posted with my clique
Right her posted in my whip
Posted on my dick
She supposed to be in your work
But she posted with my clique
I told her, post up here
I told her, post up here
Yeah

[Verse 1]
I, you don't need, need to ever write
I read your last message at least a thousand times
At least a thousand, least a thousand times
Alright, alright, alright
Why would you ever listen to people tryna hate on you?
At least you know there's nothing new

[Chorus 1]
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby, you're awesome, so awesome
You look too good to be at work
You feel too good to ever hurt
I hope you're ready for tonight
I'm gon' cook, you'll be dessert
You can't be still
I gotta move, I gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I gotta hope, I got a chance
'Cause baby, you're awesome

[Verse 2]
You don't need to listen to your manager
You're way too hot for them to handle you
Baby, not for nothing, I know you're lookin' for somethin'
And I got it, why you frontin' on me?

[Refrain]
'Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new

[Chorus]
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, ooh, you feel so right

[Bridge]
You're so freakin' tight
I know you must be tired
Of running through my mind
Can I come inside?
'Cause baby I'm awesome, also
I'm also awesome, also
I'm also awesome, y'all know

[Refrain]
'Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new

[Chorus]
Stop everything you're doing now
'Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, ooh, this feels so right

[Verse 1]
I can make you feel it if you ain't ready
Cause with love, ain't somethin' that you get to choose
But when it hits you, oh you know you can't help it
It's something like the situation with you

[Hook]
I want to love you (PYT)
Pretty young thing
Your heart's been everywhere (PYT)
But I'll take you there
I want to love you (PYT)
Pretty young thing
Your heart's been everywhere (PYT)
But I'll take you there

[Bridge]
Baby I, girl I got a Jones for you
I can't lie
Baby I, feel it in my bones for you
I just can't get right

[Verse 2]
I know the questions on your mind been kind of heavy
But if you ask me, girl, I swear to tell the truth
Your friends say I'll hurt you cause they're jealous
They hate to see you doing better than they do

[Hook]
I want to love you (PYT)
Pretty young thing
Your heart's been everywhere (PYT)
But I'll take you there
I want to love you (PYT)
Pretty young thing
Your heart's been everywhere (PYT)
But I'll take you there

[Bridge]
Baby I, girl I got a Jones for you
I can't lie
Baby I, feel it in my bones for you
I just can't get right
Baby I, girl I got a Jones for you
I can't lie
Baby I, feel it in my bones for you
I just can't get right
Mouloud Achour: I always wondered, when we were talking with Jean, he was saying that it was hard for you to get into this "fashion world", and you were saying it was hard for Michael Jackson to put his videos on MTV. And I don't realise, how much a guy like you, that I listen to everyday, I watch everyday, and influences the use - everytime you do something, people wanna do it. So how is it possible that the big houses don't understand that?

Kanye: The thought was that everything popular was very basic and not complex and the negative connotation of commercial. So soon as you're commercial, you don't have the complexity of a Bach, a Mozart, a Basquiat, and if you say out loud as a commercial person that you're in the same breath as Basquiat, then everyone looks at you like you're an egomaniac or something. But then you'll be like, wait a second, you know I was a gifted artist since age 5, and like in national competitions and went to art school. I'm actually getting an honorary doctorate on May 5th from the Art Institute of Chicago so, it was a great wall to break down

But also, what's fun about playing in the pop field versus the art field is you get a lot of exposure and the majority of the pop artists don't have the same responsibility to the sensibility so it's easy to slam dunk them. To hit that BRIT Awards performance super hard against everything else that's going on. And, but I want all the best for all of the pop stars. I want all of us to have as inspiring of performances as possible. I think it's important, you know, our point of references, we need to study Fellini and Jodorowsky, Corbusier, and the different information that I've got from living out here with Paris, hanging out with Jean, and going to the French flea market and everything, that constant information, education, education is the power

[Produced by Sounwave; Additional production by Terrace Martin]

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
I got a bone to pick
I don't want you monkey-mouth motherfuckers
Sittin' in my throne again
Ayy, ayy, nigga, what's happenin'?
K-Dot back in the hood, nigga!
I'm mad (He mad!), but I ain't stressin'
True friends, one question

[Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams—(What's the yams?)

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
The yam is the power that be
You can smell it when I'm walkin' down the street
(Oh yes, we can, oh yes, we can)
I can dig rappin', but a rapper with a ghostwriter?
What the fuck happened? (Oh no!)
I swore I wouldn't tell, but most of y'all sharing bars
Like you got the bottom bunk in a two-man cell (A two-man cell)
Something's in the water (Something's in the water)
And if I gotta brown-nose for some gold
Then I'd rather be a bum than a motherfuckin' baller (Oh yeah!)

[Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
King Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
When you got the yams—(What's the yams?)

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
The yam brought it out of Richard Pryor
Manipulated Bill Clinton with desires
Twenty-four-seven, three-sixty-five days times two
I was contemplatin' gettin' off stage
Just to go back to the hood, see my enemy, and say… (Oh yeah)

[Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
You goat-mouth mammyfucker
I was gonna kill a couple rappers, but they did it to themselves
Everybody's suicidal, they ain't even need my help
This shit is elementary, I'll probably go to jail
If I shoot at your identity and bounce to the left
Stuck a flag in my city, everybody's screamin', "Compton!"
I should probably run for mayor when I'm done, to be honest
And I put that on my momma and my baby boo too
Twenty million walkin' out the court buildin', woo-woo!
Aw, yeah, fuck the judge
I made it past twenty-five, and there I was
A little nappy-headed nigga with the world behind him
Life ain't shit but a fat vagina
Screamin', "Annie, are you okay? Annie, are you okay?"
Limo tinted with the gold plates
Straight from the bottom, this the belly of the beast
From a peasant to a prince to a motherfuckin' king (Oh yeah)

[Chorus 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'—*Gunshot*
By the time you hear the next pop
The funk shall be within you—*Gunshot*
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him
King Kunta, black man taking no losses, oh yeah
Bitch, where you when I was walkin'?
Now I run the game, got the whole world talkin'
King Kunta, everybody wanna cut the legs off him

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar & Whitney Alford]
Funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk, funk
We want the funk
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk
Do you want the funk?
We want the funk
Do you want the funk?
We want the funk
Now if I give you the funk, you gon' take it?
We want the funk

[Poem: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence

[Verse]
Those fingers in my hair
That sly come-hither stare
That strips my conscience bare
It's witchcraft
And I've got no defense for it
The heat is too intense for it
What good would common sense for it do?

[Chorus 1]
'Cause it's witchcraft, wicked witchcraft
And although I know it's strictly taboo
When you arouse the need in me
My heart says "Yes, indeed" in me
"Proceed with what you're leadin' me to"

[Post-Chorus 1]
It's such an ancient pitch
But one I wouldn't switch
'Cause there's no nicer witch than you

[Chorus 2]
'Cause it's witchcraft, that crazy witchcraft
And although I know it's strictly taboo
When you arouse the need in me
My heart says "Yes, indeed" in me
"Proceed with what you're leadin' me to"

[Post-Chorus 2]
It's such an ancient pitch
But one that I'd never switch
'Cause there's no nicer witch than you

[Hook x2: Kev Tha Hustla]
Telling you a friend of the cops? We don't need that

[?] shells in the Glock? We don't need that
Telling who's selling you blocks? No we don't need that
We don't need that, we don't need that

[Verse 1: Smallz Money]
What you need come and get it from me
I got that white and that grass
I'm from where fiends get they check and take it right to the ave
Where hustlers pump blow, and chop up slabs
Man I could get you whacked for a brick and a half
Hit the booth and put my life on the pad
Send my goons to your crib to invade your pad
For all your stacks and all them blocks you had
If you don't give it up, POW, then pop in a mag
Stay fresh, stay popping the tags
Shit flip small time, that's what I said
You having trouble on the block slanging lil ass bags
They can't fuck with S bags
Nigga that's a fact, my guns be action packed
Blip, blap, take a nap, it's a rap when I clap you fools
Pop eleven in your back like Mac'll do
That's what the MAC will do
Since I was young I was taught to cock and shoot

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Ah shit, they done let him go
Loose off the chain choker
Now the game's over there's two names to blame soldier
Wiz Khalifa, I keep reefer, the chain smoker
Change blower, S Money in the Range Rover
I told Hustla to give me the word
I'ma make these rap motherfuckers give me the Burgh
And send shots from the semi to herbs
I love to chill in the low key
With a bad bitch and an OZ
And you don't wanna get heated by the pump
One in 16, all I need's a bitty and a blunt
Young Khalifa, and I stand by my name
From my flow, the streets know me by my name
Yeah nigga come and try my aim
Bring all of em in
I'm on point, like a ball of a pen
Plus I'm hot to death
Got a lot to run but I ain't stopping yet
Oc I'm next, grinding til I'm right up at the top of 

[?]

[Hook x2]

[Verse 3: Kev Tha Hustla]
You dudes flow be wack
You should know my flow is that
Bang like Terror Squad hustlers
Bet we make that Joey Crack
Militantly minded, you niggas just be rhyming
And we trying to do it, to be in different climates
Extended for business get rid of the witness
Get mines in the trenches
In the gym bag by the benches
And don't ever try me cuz you in heavy trouble
So look the dezzy muffle
When I'm with Heavy Hustle
I know you hope I choke
But I do the rope a dope
Hit you with the OPA scope and knock your apple out your throat
You see my fitted cocked
Low when I deliver rocks
Heavy like a cinder block
Nigga you a friend of cops
Me never talk to them boys for no reason
CO please just show me where I'm sleeping
Cuz I would never tell jumpsuit I'm in my cell
Put the banger to your face and dog that's on every shell

[Hook x2]
Come on man!
Out in the street they call it murder

[Verse 1]
Yo!
This where the blocks are known
Rocks get rolled
Up and down the cops patrol
So they play the back block
Plus the names are not to know
Not to mention niggas out here snitching so they got to go
Heavy with the rock and snow but I don't play the block with blow
Usually in the lab with a pad blowing tropical
Working on changing the game and making lots of dough
Put my hustle down
Throw my muscle round
You act food the wolves will come and hunt you down
Prick, we them bird guys where they let them birds fly
Pop, now everything you seeing's from a birds-eye
You niggas aren't hot I see that you're creeping
I'm an alarm clock to niggas that's sleeping
Call me an all-star
You cuffing broads I'm with your freak on the weekend
This your wife, I'm just getting my skeet in
He's too Swayze
But you should recognize
I ain't standing next to guys
Any nigga think he on my level will be left to die
Got a mean team but you ain't even seen the best of mine
Get the boy stretched like he ready for an exercise
Pistolvania's what I rep, yes, throw your sets up high
Yeah the beat cold, but the flow got em mesmerized
Test the guy, champion flow, I'm moving left to right
Hardest out, nigga the whole city will testify
Chyeah!
Out in the street they call it murder

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
We here to slump lames
I only rock with real guys and big willies, you niggas chump change
So let the pump aim, go ahead and block your chest
By trying to rock your vest, it'll do nothing
We let the metal clap, and make you pedal back
Wait, your face'll break, and your head'll crack
This for my guys, no choice but to peddle crack
Beef we'll settle that drama we'll level cats
And on the block known, but never spots blown
Go ahead and shop them rocks, get your block sewn
And if you hustle grams, get more weight like a muscle man
And wrap them grands in a rubber band
A slug spark in your muscle fam
And I ain't never met Martin... but I'm the hustle man
Got what you need and you wanting fam
My dudes is rude, eating the food straight out your stomach damn!

[Hook: Wiz Khalifa]
This for my live niggas
Hit the strip, move them pies niggas
Drop a stack to get fly niggas
Roll the leaf and get high niggas
Hustle just to get by niggas
Yeah, you my niggas
And for them street cats
When it's beef let the heat clap
Leave you leaking where your feets at
Hold something, tell you keep that
It's clearly our year and we're taking the streets back

[Verse 2: Ekko]
Ayo, I'm trying to leave you pricks froze, so keep your lips closed
Cuz I done had it up to here, I'm bout to explode
Yes oh, you know how the kid roll
Get dough, sick flow, but I make it sound so simple
Don't get it twisted though cuz nigga I could switch a flow
I ain't got a dime so the shine is my principle
You never catch me slipping cuz my rhymes never listen, yo
I'm like the definition that defines what's invincible
This for my peeps stressed, let's take a deep breath
Cuz ain't too many real niggas on the street left
So I'ma spit it til I'm lamping with my feet stretched
Laying on the beach rest next to a 

[?]
This for my homies gone, that knew only wrong
Got popped, left behind a daughter of a lonely mom
Niggas been tripping a lotta shit been going on
That's why I keep it different I ain't on the shit that no one's on

[Hook: Ekko]
This for my real niggas
Take a rap and never squeal niggas
Quick to make it happen in the field niggas
Ill niggas
That be clapping just to kill niggas
We got the strap that you can feel, niggas
This for my wild niggas
Always grilling up and down niggas
Never scared to kill a couple clown niggas
We don't fuck around niggas
We will pound niggas
Straight suffocate and drown niggas

[Verse 3: Wiz Khalifa & Ekko]
Your boys are back now
So put a stack down
You bullshit, we spit what's in them crack files
And pull clips to rip and tear your back out
Take over strips with fifths and cause a black out
Lil nigga listen here, I'm from a city where
You talk shit, the fifth will make you disappear
If not fifths, then fists will leave you sitting there
Wishing it was just another time in a different year
And I ain't nearly reached my prime but I'm getting it
This is real talk, not just rhyming and spitting here
Bitch niggas, I can smell their kind when they getting near
Ain't got no place with them long as I keep away from them
And as long as I'm alive, yeah, I'll be erasing them
No words, just drive by like we racing 'em
Plotting on my death, while I smile in the face of 'em
So chill niggas, we real niggas replacing 'em

[Hook: Wiz Khalifa & Ekko]
This for my live niggas
Hit the strip move them pies niggas
Drop a stack to get fly niggas
Roll the leaf and get high niggas
Hustle just to get by niggas
Yeah you my niggas
This for my wild niggas
Always grilling up and down niggas
Never scared to kill a couple clown niggas
We don't fuck around niggas
We will pound niggas
Straight suffocate and drown niggas

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
*Screaming*

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I place blame on you still, place shame on you still
Feel like you ain't shit, feel like you don't feel
Confidence in yourself, breakin' on marble floors
Watchin' anonymous strangers, tellin' me that I'm yours
But you ain't shit, I'm convinced your tolerance nothin' special
What can I blame you for? Nigga, I can name several
Situations, I'll start with your little sister bakin'
A baby inside, just a teenager, where your patience?
Where was your antennas?
Where was the influence you speak of?
You preached in front of one-hunnid-thousand but never reached her
I fuckin' tell you fuckin' failure—you ain't no leader!
I never liked you, forever despise you—I don't need ya!
The world don't need ya, don't let them deceive ya
Numbers lie too, fuck your pride too, that's for dedication
Thought money would change you, made you more complacent
Fuckin' hate you, I hope you embrace it, I swear—

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated
Loving you is complicated, loving you is complicated

[Post-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Lovin' you, lovin' you, not lovin' you, 100° proof
I can feel your vibe and recognize that you're ashamed of me
Yes, I hate you, too

[Break: Jessica Vielmas]
(Loving you ain't really complicated)
"Housekeeping, housekeeping"
(What I got to do to get to you?)
"¡Abre la puerta! ¡Abre la puerta tengo que limpiar el cuarto!"
(To you)
"¡Es que no hay mucho tiempo tengo que limpiar el cuarto!"
(Loving you ain't really complicated)
"¡Disculpe!"
(What I got to do to get to you?)
(To you)

[Beat Switch]

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
And you the reason why mom and them leavin'
No, you ain't shit, you say you love 'em, I know you don't mean it
I know you irresponsible, selfish, in denial, can't help it
Your trials and tribulations a burden, everyone felt it
Everyone heard it, multiple shots, corners cryin' out
You was deserted, where was your antennas again?
Where was your presence? Where was your support that you pretend?
You ain’t no brother, you ain’t no disciple, you ain’t no friend
A friend never leave Compton for profit, or leave his best friend, little brother
You promised you’d watch him before they shot him
Where was your antennas? On the road, bottles and bitches
You FaceTimed him one time, that's unforgiven
You even FaceTimed instead of a hospital visit
Guess you thought he'd recover well
Third surgery, they couldn't stop the bleeding for real
Then he died, God himself will say, "You fuckin' failed," you ain't try

[Break]
*Sniffling*

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
I know your secrets, nigga, mood swings is frequent, nigga
I know depression is restin' on your heart for two reasons, nigga
I know you and a couple block boys ain't been speakin', nigga
Y'all damn near beefin', I see it and you're the reason, nigga
And if this bottle could talk *gulping*
I cry myself to sleep, bitch, everything is your fault
Faults breakin' to pieces, earthquakes on every weekend
Because you shook as soon as you knew confinement was needed
I know your secrets, don't let me tell 'em to the world
About that shit you thinkin' and that time you *gulping*, I'm 'bout to hurl
I'm fucked up, but I ain't as fucked up as you
You just can't get right, I think your heart made of bullet proof
Should've killed yo' ass long time ago
You should've felt that black revolver blast a long time ago
And if these mirrors could talk it'd say, "You gotta go"
And if I told your secrets the world'll know money can't stop a suicidal weakness

[Hook x2: Kev Tha Hustla]
Come here to the go down
Go down, know now
What! It's the life of a hustla mothafucka
Box me cuz I ain't discussing a mothafucka
Click clack cuz I ain't trusting a mothafucka

[Verse 1: Kev Tha Hustla]
It's picture perfect
Semi up in my surface
What your hands shaking for is there reasons you should be nervous?
Probably got a wire, niggas tell to reduce time
So I don't really talk if you ain't part of my squad 

[?]
Some other niggas all be forced to sleep with 

[?]
Be like New York city weed up in a plastic case
Get a plate, I'm a vet sitting bags of A's
Then gold ball the city, cuz the Hustla in me
Will drop dimes on the block like a snitch do
But for telling man they'll probably stitch you
You should strip dude when you see them hammers out
Feet first T shirt read and let grammar out
Why cuz I said so, Timbs and a camo
You kids ever need help, let a grown man know
This grown man flow, you piss on yourself
16 in the (BANG), extra one on the belt, holla

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Yo it's the youngin with the hardest flow
Dumb fuckers oughta know
I chief puff a lot of dro
Creep with a lot of hoes
You chumps suck, I'm uncut like the rawest coke
And fuck rhymes when it's crunch time your whole squad'll choke
The whole block bananas
To get 

[?] I stay by myself and hit the block for grammar
Yeah I'm a beast dog, and you should watch where your feet walk
Cuz every time I rhyme you hear the streets talk
And my homies do clap these boys
Body in the alleyway, you a backstreet boy
Pistolvania where they clap these toys
I'm the kid with the damager flow
Cock back, and I'll damage a ho
And any one of y'all want it, y'all get it
Bang through your fitted I'm leaving your brain splitted
Stay spitting flame about whipping and change getting
Came in the game man fucking the age difference

[Hook x2]

[Intro: James Fauntleroy + Kendrick Lamar]
Ohhh, ohhhh, woahhh
Uh, yeah
Uh, yeah
Uh
Yeah, uh

[Chorus 1]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin'
Let these words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said, my nigga, let me ask this question:

[Refrain 1]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan—
(One two, one two, one two)
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Chorus 1]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin'
Let these words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And with that being said, my nigga, let me ask this question:

[Refrain 2]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Verse 1]
Do you believe in me? Are you deceiving me?
Could I let you down easily, is your heart where it need to be?
Is your smile on permanent? Is your vow on lifetime?
Would you know where the sermon is if I died in this next line?
If I’m tried in a court of law, if the industry cut me off
If the government want me dead, plant cocaine in my car
Would you judge me a drug-head or see me as K. Lamar?
Or question my character and degrade me on every blog?
Want you to love me like Nelson, want you to hug me like Nelson
I freed you from being a slave in your mind, you’re very welcome
You tell me my song is more than a song, it’s surely a blessing
But a prophet ain’t a prophet til they ask you this question:

[Refrain 2]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Chorus 2]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propellin'
Let my words be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And with that—

[Verse 2]
Do you believe in me? How much you believe in her?
You think she gon’ stick around if them 25 years occur?
You think he can hold you down when you down behind bars, hurt?
You think y’all on common ground if you promise to be the first? Can you be immortalized without your life being expired?
Even though you share the same blood, is it worth the time?
Like, who got your best interest?
Like, how much are you dependent?
How clutch are the people that say they love you?
And who pretending?
How tough is your skin when they turn you in?
Do you show forgiveness?
What brush do you bend when dusting your shoulders from being offended?
What kind of den did they put you in when the lions start hissing?
What kind of bridge did they burn?
Revenge on your mind when it’s mentioned
You wanna love like Nelson, you wanna be like Nelson
You wanna walk in his shoes, but your peacemaking seldom
You wanna be remembered that delivered the message
That considered the blessing of everyone
This your lesson for everyone, say;

[Refrain 2]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
Won't you look to your left and right? Make sure you ask your friends
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Chorus 3]
The voice of Mandela, hope this flow stay propellin'
Let my word be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me, nigga—

[Verse 3]
I been wrote off before, I got abandonment issues
I hold grudges like bad judges, don’t let me resent you
That’s not Nelson-like—want you to love me like Nelson
I went to Robben’s Island analysing; that’s where his cell is
So I could find clarity—like, how much you cherish me?
Is this relationship a fake, or real as the heavens be?
See I got to question it all; family, friends, fans, cats, dogs
Trees, plants, grass, how the wind blow, Murphy’s Law
Generation X—will I ever be your ex?
Flaws of a baby step', mauled by the mouth of Pit bulls
Put me under stress, crawled under rocks, duckin' y’all
It’s respect—but then tomorrow, put my back against the wall
How many leaders you said you needed then left ‘em for dead?
Is it Moses? Is it Huey Newton or Detroit Red?
Is it Martin Luther? JFK? Shooter—you assassin
Is it Jackie? Is it Jesse? Oh, I know it’s Michael Jackson—oh

[Refrain 3]
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?
That nigga gave us "Billie Jean," you say he touched those kids?
When shit hit the fan, is you still a fan?

[Chorus 4]
The ghost of Mandela, hope my flows stay propelling
Let my word be your Earth and moon, you consume every message
As I lead this army, make room for mistakes and depression
And if you riding with me, nigga, let me ask this question, nigga

[Spoken Outro: Kendrick Lamar & 2Pac]
"I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in the hotel room
I didn’t wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn’t stop survivor’s guilt
Going back and forth trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting the continuous war back in the city
I was entering a new one
A war that was based on apartheid and discrimination
Made me wanna go back to the city and tell the homies what I learned
The word was respect
Just because you wore a different gang color than mine's
Doesn’t mean I can’t respect you as a black man
Forgetting all the pain and hurt we caused each other in these streets
If I respect you, we unify and stop the enemy from killing us
But I don’t know, I’m no mortal man
Maybe I’m just another nigga”

Shit and that’s all I wrote
I was gonna call it "Another Nigga" but, it ain’t really a poem
I just felt like it’s something you probably could relate to
Other than that, now that I finally got a chance to holla at you
I always wanted to ask you about a certain situa-
About a metaphor actually, uh, you spoke on the ground
What you mean by that, what the ground represent?

The ground is gonna open up and swallow the evil
Right
That’s how I see it, my word is bond
I see—and the ground is the symbol for the poor people
Right
The poor people is gonna open up this whole world
And swallow up the rich people
'Cause the rich people gonna be so fat
And they gonna be so appetizing, you know what I’m saying Wealthy, appetizing
The poor gonna be so poor, and hungry
Right
You know what I’m saying, it’s gonna be like
You know what I'm saying, it's gonna be...
There might, there might be some cannibalism out this muh-fu-
They might eat the rich, you know what I'm saying?

Aight so let me ask you this then
Do you see yourself as somebody that’s rich
Or somebody that made the best of they own opportunities?

I see myself as a natural born hustler
A true hustler in every sense of the word
I took nothin’, I took the opportunities
I worked at the most menial and degrading job
And built myself up so I could get it to where I owned it
I went from having somebody managing me
To me hiring the person that works my management company
I changed everything, I realized my destiny
In a matter of five years, you know what I’m saying?
I made myself a millionaire, I made millions for a lot of people
Now it’s time to make millions for myself, you know what I’m saying?
I made millions for the record companies
I made millions for these movie companies
Now I make millions for, for us

And through your different avenues of success
How would you say you managed to keep a level of sanity?

By my faith in God, by my faith in the game
And by my faith in "all good things come to those that stay true"
Right
You know what I’m saying?
And it was happening to me for a reason
You know what I’m saying, I was noticing, shit
I was punching the right buttons and it was happening
So it’s no problem, you know
I mean, it’s a problem but I’m not finna let them know
I’m finna go straight through

Would you consider yourself a fighter at heart or somebody that
Somebody that only reacts when they back is against the wall?

Shit, I like to think that at every opportunity I’ve ever been, uh Threatened with resistance, it’s been met with resistance
And not only me but, it goes down my family tree
You know what I’m saying, it’s in my veins to fight back

Aight well, how long will you think it take before niggas be like
"We fighting a war, I’m fighting a war I can’t win
And I wanna lay it all down"

In this country, a black man only have like
5 years we can exhibit maximum strength
And that’s right now while you a teenager, while you still strong
While you still wanna lift weights, while you still wanna shoot back
'Cause once you turn 30 it’s like
They take the heart and soul out of a man
Out of a black man, in this country
And you don’t wanna fight no more
And if you don’t believe me, you can look around
You don’t see no loud mouth 30-year old motherfuckers

That’s crazy, because me being one of your offsprings
Of the legacy you left behind, I can truly tell you that
There’s nothing but turmoil goin’ on so, I wanted to ask you
What you think is the future for me and my generation today?

I think that niggas is tired of grabbin' shit out the stores
And next time it's a riot it's gonna be like, uh, bloodshed
For real, I don’t think America know that
I think America think we was just playing
And it’s gonna be some more playing but
It ain’t gonna be no playing
It’s gonna be murder, you know what I’m saying?
It’s gonna be like Nat Turner, 1831, up in this motherfucker
You know what I’m saying, it’s gonna happen

That’s crazy, man, in my opinion
Only hope that we kinda have left is music and vibrations
Lot a people don’t understand how important it is, you know
Sometimes I can like, get behind a mic
And I don’t know what type of energy I’ma push out
Or where it comes from, trip me out sometimes

Because it's spirits, we ain’t even really rappin’
We just letting our dead homies tell stories for us
Damn

I wanted to read one last thing to you
It’s actually something a good friend had wrote
Describing my world, it says:
“The caterpillar is a prisoner to the streets that conceived it
Its only job is to eat or consume everything around it
In order to protect itself from this mad city
While consuming its environment
The caterpillar begins to notice ways to survive
One thing it noticed is how much the world shuns him
But praises the butterfly
The butterfly represents the talent, the thoughtfulness
And the beauty within the caterpillar
But having a harsh outlook on life
The caterpillar sees the butterfly as weak
And figures out a way to pimp it to his own benefits
Already surrounded by this mad city
The caterpillar goes to work on the cocoon
Which institutionalizes him
He can no longer see past his own thoughts
He’s trapped
When trapped inside these walls certain ideas take root, such as
Going home, and bringing back new concepts to this mad city
The result?
Wings begin to emerge, breaking the cycle of feeling stagnant
Finally free, the butterfly sheds light on situations
That the caterpillar never considered, ending the internal struggle
Although the butterfly and caterpillar are completely different
They are one and the same"
What’s your perspective on that?
Pac? Pac? Pac?!

[Produced by Sounwave]

[Intro: Wiz Khalifa]
I came back around
It's ya boy Wiz Khalifa, man
Yes, yes, yes

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
I would never sell myself short, I'm too cocky
Niggas got a problem with that, then you stop me
I think dudes is mad cuz you not me
So you get a pen and a pad and you copy
But at the same time
Man, you could never get away with the same rhymes
So you could take mines
You fellas can't shine
I take time, great lines from a great mind, was under wraps
But now youngin's back, Pittsburgh's front and back
Hip-hop's Maurice Green the way I'm running tracks
Man who could fuck with that, fam nobody
Gotdamn so hot, he got fans all on him, ahk
I said it before, I'll say it again
I'm playing to win, I punch lines grazing the chin
And then, the rhyme ends with a knockout blow
So you could call this a knockout flow
Come fuck with me

[Hook: Gene Stovall]
I'm a soldier
Move it on the left like I told ya
Camouflage faces look colder
Make the wrong move and I'll fold ya, whoa
I'm a soldier
Wiz been the best, brush your shoulders
Hustling now so when I'm older
All my children will grin, free from sin
And the poison that makes us a man
I'm a soldier

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
By all means necessary, I protect the family
And lyrically, testing me, you'll be next to bury
My brainstorms alone enough to force your worry
Yours is just a flurry, fame short as February
You ain't ill, you just acting sick
This ain't no motherfucking action flick
Cuz if you actually hit, there's no more time given to tick
You like movies, I'll give you a clip, and that's it nigga
Lights out game over
I'm sick and all about bank roll and large amounts can't hold him
Got the rap game sewn up
And anybody acting like they got fame, pop and watch they whole frame fold up
Man I done got far
Besides the fact that I got bars, and attitude like a rock star
And if you got war, keep it to your lonesome
And I ain't never claimed to be a killer but I own some

[Hook: Gene Stovall]
I'm a soldier
Move it on the left like I told ya
Camouflage faces look colder
Make the wrong move and I'll fold Ya, whoa
I'm a soldier
Wiz been the best, brush your shoulders
Hustling now so when I'm older
All my children will grin, free from sin
And the poison that makes us a man
I'm a soldier

[Verse 3: Wiz Khalifa]
I came back around
And anyone who couldn't stand me I sat em down
Go head and ask around
A skinny nigga, 6'3" with a massive sound
Fiending to back em down, see what'll happen now
I'm only one man, but I came to change things
Still tryna maintain, new player same game
I'm like Leatherface, working with that chain thing
I don't rock bells, I ain't L son my name rings
I'm a soldier, stand tall screw face
I thought I told ya, fatigues on and boots laced
My crews breaking large sinning and Lord willing
My talents will reach all women and God's children
You ain't hot, you should level yourself
Lick a shot, put an end to your health
But I ain't doing that
I rather murder all these heads on the shelf
Man I'm hotter than the devil himself
And that's real nigga

[Hook: Gene Stovall]
I'm a soldier
Move it on the left like I told ya
Camouflage faces look colder
Make the wrong move and I'll fold up, whoa
I'm a soldier
Wiz been the best, brush your shoulders
Hustling now so when I'm older
All my children will grin, free from sin
And the poison that makes us a man
I'm a soldier

[Intro]
It's the boy Wiz Khalifa man
I'm charged like a battery man
Y'all niggas do what you do
I'ma do what I do man

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
I'm the sickest round here when it come to the spit game
Moving through the track like I do with the whip game
Pull the seat back, cross over and switch lanes
The music straight crack, dope, heroin, cocaine
The flow load needles, numb noses and pump veins
You chumps wanna be us I ain't fucking with those lames
I polly with the niggas that be fucking with dumb change
Riding big wheels, chrome grills and the chunk chains
Hit the studio, burn the last til it's nothing
All I need's a beat, pen and pad and a dutch flame
This is Pistolvania wrong move and the pump aim
Niggas quick to flame you'll all lose when the pump bang
Niggas come at me in this rap, I can guarantee that
I'ma make a million pieces of this one rain
Old ass niggas tryna rap, it's a done thing
I'm way sicker plus I'm probably 'round your son's age

[Interlude: Kev Tha Hustla]
Damn
Ayo, on the real
I know y'all niggas like, this nigga can't be
But he's bout as old as your son nigga!
Y'all motherfuckers better step your game up like a Stairmaster
The nigga Wiz, Kev Tha Hustla
And I'm cosigning too

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
I see niggas getting mad cuz I'm doing the damn thing
Plus I'm a pimp and I'm screwing your damn dame
I heard a lot of talk, thought you 

[?]
Nigga where's your dough, caught you and your mans 

[?]
Niggas didn't know, that was you and your man's chain
Reality'll show, nigga you and your mans lame
I pull up slow, sitting low in the 

[?] thing
Birds move past, yeah this guy is an airplane
Cuz I stay fly and I'm high as an airplane
Always on the grind, keep my mind on my campaign
I hit the ground running, go and talk to that damn pay
Doing me, moving anything in my damn way
Niggas talk tough but star struck when the lead spray
Me I keep it hunnid, in the stu every damn day
You can trust that the people love what your man say
Why you think they give a fuck less what you can't say
Niggas show love, roll up when our jams quake
A young boy, but I get respect like a man ay
You niggas heard, and you sweet as syrup on pancakes
You hate, but you niggas can't help but let the jam play
Bitch!

[Interlude: Wiz Khalifa]
Man you niggas is out your fucking minds man
You should be on your grind fam I got school tomorrow nigga
Get your tracks up or something man, Kev The Hustla man
Show these niggas how the fuck we do it, Pistolvania

[Verse 3: Kev Tha Hustla]
You talk, you hot
Fucka you not, so stop fucka
You talk, you shot fucka
Yo Wiz the block love us
Yeah you're a rock pumper
Gunner with four thumpers
Black on black, back to back in 4Runners
It's nothing it's more hunger
You hating your whore love us
You see, I'm here to ruin your flow for sure sucka
Yeah, your girl suck us you dudes ain't on your job
And Wiz if it's a prob, I'm here, let's get it solved
And I roll with gorillas, banana clips we them stealers
Masked up, masked up to stop all your dealings
You could pop if you wanna uh huh
Cuz the block man I make that shit hot like an ATL summer
Palms sweating Wayne got his mean mug on
So that mean one thing inf beam you gone
We keep them choppers in the grass, get to popping at your ass
Cuffing all the shooters and the 

[?] down the ave
You like gravy on the mashed potatoes, a little black tre eight'll
Get you dirt mothafucka for pesos
Riding ratchet on the lap is in the stash spot, your ass shot
Niggas look in this red spot, spray em like chicken pox
Around here it's all snow, December blocks
Athleticism the only thing that I got from pops

[?]

[?]
Been touching keys on a low 

[?] like Jamie Foxx
You a fatigue soldier, 40s give you major pain
Fuck around crash quick, bitch tried switching lanes
Giving all the clips to lames
Let em play they movie part
John Claude, long arm blast with a lion heart
Wish you would try to start like keys in the ignition
Trench coat in the trenches posted on the benches
That's your heart listen why it's beating so fast
Looking for you blowing ray up out of freezer bags please
Leave the flow to Kev cuz it don't happen over night
Measuring that coke and soda tryna get the product right
Shooters plus my squad'll fight
Get dropped or die tonight
2005 version of 

[?]
So I deal with you laters, haters give you the middle finger
Flip you the bird, yeah youngin I'm absurd

[Outro: Kev Tha Hustla]
Yeah, it's ya boy Kev nigga
The boy Wiz
Nigga got school tomorrow, nigga
He bout as old as your son too
Fuckin dummy
Holla

[Dialogue: Eminem & Fat Beats Receptionist]
**Dial tone**
(Fat Beats)

Um, I was wondering if you have, um, wha-what's his name?
Sli-Eminem, or Slim Shady
Cause a friend of mine's got the album (already?)
Yeah! (He bought it?)--The whole album
I don't know if he bought it, I don't know if he got it off the internet
I don't know, I don't know what the deal is (uh huh)
I don't know, but he's got it, like--(Yeah, well we don't-we're not selling it)
Aww, well cause the third, have you heard the third track? (No I haven't heard it)
Th-the, okay, aw, I was wondering who produced it, the third track
I don't know, cause the snare, the snare is like "csh, csh, csh"
(Well I really don't know, I don't know the song)
Aw okay, alright
Well if it-cause everybody's telling me they have it
I don't, I don't know, is it--(Yeah I don't, I don't know where it's at either)
Oh okay, is Ka--(I have to take another call sir)
Okay I didn't mean to hold you up I'm sorry (alright)
Fuck you!

[Chorus: Post Malone]
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
That Supreme takes the pain away
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
That Supreme takes the pain away
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah

[Verse 1: Post Malone]
What you know about me?
Y'all don't really know shit and I'm fuckin' your bitch right now (your bitch, fuckin' your bitch)
And I really really hit the Palisades right now
Supreme on my back and I'm whippin' the woo (skrr, skrr, skrr)
Man, these bitches don't know, man these bitches don't know
I'm swaggin' on these hoes and I pull up in that "whoa"
And I pull up on that road, doin' hundred miles and hold
Man, I poke another hole, I smoke another O
And I pour another O and I smoke another, smoke another
Pull up on Fairfax, drop top (in the drop top)
Hop out into the 'preme store, top notch
Already bread jumpin' out the pockets
Ain't no worries, wipe my tears with my dollars, ayy

[Chorus: Post Malone]
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
That Supreme takes the pain away
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
That Supreme takes the pain away
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah

[Verse 2: 1st]
Ayy, if I got an issue, I don't need no tissue (achoo, bless you)
My bitch started cryin', I bought her a Shih Tzu (woof)
You gotta do what you gotta do just to get through (just to get through)
And if you play with my money, your mom gon' miss you (R.I.P.)
I started throwin' a tantrum, so I copped me a Phantom
And every time she gets mad, I throw the keys to the Jag
Broke niggas call me materialistic (materialistic)
We do not ball the same, you're still learnin' how to pivot (still learnin' to pivot)
Ayy, since I got rich, I don't drink beer (nah)
Leave the mall, leave a trail of tears
I told my son don't have no fears
If he ever feels down, we can take off in the Lear
We could be gone tomorrow, love today (love today)
And when that check hit my account, this what I say (this what I say)

[Chorus: Post Malone]
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
That Supreme takes the pain away
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah
That Supreme takes the pain away
I wipe my tears with the money, yeah

[Intro: Jamie Foxx]
Don't talk to me, I think
Don't talk to me, I'm serious, baby
Oh, oh, you don't even know
Oh baby, think it over, now it's starting to show

[Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Chris Brown]
Oh baby, ain't no sense in fronting when you know I got a thing for you
Ain't no other girls in mind, it's me and you, baby, I love you
Used to be the kind of nigga never wanna settle down, right now
'Cause you changed me, baby
'Cause you changed me, baby
'Cause you changed me, baby
'Cause you changed me, baby
Yeah, you changed me, baby

[Post-Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Chris Brown]
Said I'd never settled down
I'm with you, girl, look at me now
'Cause you changed me, baby
I be player for life, you switched that up in one night, oh baby
Ain't no sense in fronting when you know I got a thing for you
Ain't no other girls in mind, it's me and you (baby, I love you)
Used to be the kind of nigga never wanna settle down, right now

[Verse 1: Jamie Foxx]
You put it on me, baby, not just the physical
You mentally stimulate me, I'm really in love, that's crazy
Girl, you can't even save me
You got me thinking 'bout us having us some babies, everything about love got me like
Baby, come home and put it on me tonight
I want it right now, girl, I can't even lie
Fuck them other girls, they ain't you
You're the only one I need and that's the truth

[Chorus: Jamie Foxx]
Oh baby, ain't no sense in fronting when you know I got a thing for you (ooh)
Ain't no other girls in mind, it's me and you, baby, I love you
Used to be the kind of nigga never wanna settle down, right now
'Cause you changed me, baby
Been searching for the answers, babe, 'cause you changed me, baby
Never met a girl that made my life this good as you, 'cause you changed me, baby
Oh, don't want just someone in, you wanna have my kids, you wanna see me winning
Girl, it ain't just me, tell 'em how you feel, Breezy

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
You know what I'm missing, fiending for your kisses
All night on my phone, when you talk, I listen
Sexing all in the kitchen, breaking all of these dishes
Your crib or my bed, it don't make a difference
I'm licking on your body, girl, I'm feeling on your booty, now you really wanna do the nasty
Girl, I love it when you get on your knees, you make me disappear like magic
Girl, you don't even know
All the bitches I let go, haha, for you

[Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Chris Brown]
Ain't no sense in fronting when you know I got a thing for you, baby
Ain't no other girls in mind, it's me and you, baby, I love you
Used to be the kind of nigga never wanna settle down, oh, babe, right now
'Cause you changed me, baby
All the things I used to be, I ain't no more, 'cause you changed me, baby (who we were, who we were)
Shawty, you're the changing I've been hoping for, 'cause you changed me, baby (ooh)
Aw yeah, you changed me, baby

[Post-Chorus: Jamie Foxx & Chris Brown]
Said I'd never settled down (oh)
I'm with you, girl, look at me now 'cause you changed me, baby (look at me now, somebody)
I be your player for life, you switched that up in one night, oh baby (yeah)
Ain't no sense in fronting when you know I got a thing for you
Ain't no other girls in mind, it's me and you, baby, I love you (ha)
Used to be the kind of nigga never wanna settle down (never, ever wanna settle down 'til the day that you came around)
'Cause you changed me, baby

[Outro: Jamie Foxx]
Huh, you know I've been all over the world, man
I had really gave up on this shit, you know
Finally met a girl that do for me though
It's crazy, it's like a dream, I think I got me one

[Dialogue: Eminem & Prostitute]
(Hello)
Hi how you doing? (Okay)
Um, who is this? (This is Nicole, who's this?)
Yo this Marshall, how you doing?
(I'm okay honey, but I'm very busy)
(Did you wanna set up an appointment?)
Yeah I actually would, I would like to set up an appointment to get my dick rubbed
(Oh yeah?) Yeah... You know what I mean?
I'm just like... Yo, I'm kinda mellow
You know what I mean? My personality, I'm like real laid back
You know what I mean?
(Yeah, but listen baby why do you have to talk over the phone)
(Is that the only way you can get off?)
(Or do you wanna come in person?)
Uh, I wanna come in person (Okay baby) Alright...
(Why don't you be a man about it and set up an appointment?)
(What time would you like to come?)
Okay, well first of all bitch, you offended me by saying I, I should be a man about it *pager beeps*
’Cause, yo I'm really, I'm really confident in my sexuality
(Okay, but you know what? A man would just call)
(I, I deal with men all day, they call)
(They call, they make an appointment, they come by)
(And then I deal with little wimps who just wanna get off over the phone)
Right, right, but I'm saying, what-what's you saying
Right I ain't trying to get off over the phone
I'm trying to set up an appointment like a man
(Okay, what time is good for you honey?)
I don't know, if we could do it, like, at 2 o'clock or something like that, you know what I mean?
(You call me when you know for sure baby, I'm very busy)
Alright, alright bitch I'mma call you in a minute, you know what I mean?
(Okay baby, go jerk off your little dick)
Alright bitch

[Produced by Flying Lotus & Ronald "Flippa" Colson]

[Additional production by Sounwave & Thundercat]

[Sample: Boris Gardiner]
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy, every nigga is a star
Every nigga is a star, ayy
Who will deny that you and I and every nigga is a star?

[Intro: Josef Leimberg]
Hit me!
When the four corners of this cocoon collide
You’ll slip through the cracks hopin' that you’ll survive
Gather your wit, take a deep look inside
Are you really who they idolize?
To pimp a butterfly

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
At first, I did love you
But now I just wanna fuck
Late nights thinkin' of you
Until I get my nut
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board
Destroyed, but what for?

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
When I get signed, homie, I'ma act a fool
Hit the dance floor, strobe lights in the room
Snatch your little secretary bitch for the homies
Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey
I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on vogues
Chunk the hood up, two times, deuce-four
Platinum on everythin', platinum on weddin' ring
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose
When I get signed, homie, I'ma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass 'em all out on the block, what's good?
I'ma put the Compton swap meet by the White House
Republican run up, get socked out
Hit the press with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated, but I got a million-dollar check like that

[Refrain: Thundercat & George Clinton]
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
(Everybody get out)

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar, Thundercat & George Clinton]
At first, I did love you (Love you)
But now I just wanna fuck (I just wanna fuck)
Late nights thinkin' of you (Of you)
Until I get my nut ('Til I get my nut)
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board (Across the board)
Destroyed, but what for?

[Break: Dr. Dre]
Yo, what's up? It's Dre
Remember the first time you came out to the house?
You said you wanted a spot like mine
But remember, anybody can get it
The hard part is keepin' it, motherfucker

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
What you want you? A house or a car?
Forty acres and a mule, a piano, a guitar?
Anythin', see, my name is Uncle Sam, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I know your kind (That's why I'm kind)
Don't have receipts (Oh, man, that's fine)
Pay me later, wear those gators
Cliché? Then say, "Fuck your haters"
I can see the baller in you, I can see the dollar in you
Little white lies, but it's no white-collar in you
But it's whatever though because I'm still followin' you
Because you make me live forever, baby
Count it all together, baby
Then hit the register and make me feel better, baby
Your horoscope is a gemini, two sides
So you better cop everything two times
Two coupes, two chains, two C-notes
Too much ain't enough, both we know
Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list
Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick
And when you hit the White House, do you
But remember, you ain't pass economics in school
And everything you buy, taxes will deny
I'll Wesley Snipe your ass before thirty-five

[Bridge: George Clinton & Kendrick Lamar]
Yeah, lookin' down, it's quite a drop (It's quite a drop, drop, drop)
Lookin' good when you're on top (When you're on top, you got it)
You got a medal for us
Leavin' metaphors metaphysically in a state of euphoria
Look both ways before you cross my mind

[Refrain: Thundercat & George Clinton]
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home
We should never gave
We should never gave niggas money
Go back home, money, go back home

[Outro: Anna Wise & Whitney Alford]
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'
Tax man comin', tax man comin'

[Produced by Terrace Martin]

[Intro: Darlene Tibbs]
Fuck you, motherfucker, you a ho-ass nigga
I don't know why you trying to go big, nigga, you ain't shit
Walking around like you God's gift to Earth, nigga, you ain't shit
You ain't even buy me no outfit for the Fourth
I need that Brazilian, wavy, twenty-eight inch, you playin'
I shouldn't be fuckin' with you anyway
I need a baller-ass, boss-ass nigga
You's a off-brand-ass nigga, everybody know it
Your homies know it, everybody fuckin' know
Fuck you, nigga, don't call me no more
You won't know, you gonna lose on a good bitch
My other nigga is on, you off
What the fuck is really going on?

[Verse: Kendrick Lamar]
This dick ain't free
You lookin' at me like it ain't a receipt
Like I never made ends meet
Eating your leftovers and raw meat
This dick ain't free
Livin' in captivity raised my cap salary
Celery, tellin' me green is all I need
Evidently, all I seen was Spam and raw sardines
This dick ain't free, I mean, baby
You really think we could make a baby named Mercedes
Without a Mercedes Benz and twenty-four-inch rims
Five percent tint, and air conditioning vents?
Hell fuckin' naw, this dick ain't free
I need forty acres and a mule
Not a forty ounce and a pitbull
Bullshit, matador, matador
Had the door knockin', let 'em in, who's that?
Genital's best friend, this dick ain't free
Pity the fool that made the pretty in you prosper
Titty juice and pussy lips kept me obnoxious
Kept me up watchin' pornos in poverty; apology? No
Watch you politic with people less fortunate, like myself
Every dog has its day, now doggy style shall help
This dick ain't free
Matter of fact, it need interest
Matter of fact, it's nine inches
Matter of fact, see our friendship based on business
Pension, more pension, you're pinchin' my percents
It's been relentless, fuck forgiveness, fuck your feelings
Fuck your sources, all distortion, if you fuck it's more abortion
More divorce courts and portion
My check with less endorsement left me dormant
Dusted, doomed, disgusted, forced with
Fuck you think is in more shit?
Porcelain pipes pressure, bust 'em twice
Choice is devastated, decapitated the horseman
Oh America, you bad bitch, I picked cotton and made you rich
Now my dick ain't free

[Outro: Darlene Tibbs]
I'ma get my Uncle Sam to fuck you up
You ain't no king

[Part I]

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
What money got to do with it
When I don't know the full definition of a rap image?
I'm trapped inside the ghetto and I ain't proud to admit it
Institutionalized, I keep runnin' back for a visit, hol' up
Get it back
I said I'm trapped inside the ghetto and I ain't proud to admit it
Institutionalized, I could still kill me a nigga, so what?

[Interlude: Anna Wise & Bilal]
If I was the president
I'd pay my mama's rent
Free my homies and them
Bulletproof my Chevy doors
Lay in the White House and get high, Lord
Whoever thought?
Master, take the chains off me!

[Part II]

[Intro: Taz Arnold]
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom
Zoom, zoom, zoom, shit

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Life, to me, like a box of chocolate
Quid pro quo, somethin' for somethin', that's the obvious
Oh shit, flow's so sick, don't you swallow it
Bitin' my style, you're salmonella poison positive
I can just alleviate the rap industry politics
Milk the game up, never lactose intolerant
The last remainder of real shit, you know the obvious
Me, scholarship? No, streets put me through colleges
Be all you can be, true, but the problem is
Dream only a dream if work don't follow it
Remind me of the homies that used to know me, now follow this
I'll tell you my hypothesis, I'm probably just way too loyal
K Dizzle will do it for you, my niggas think I'm a god
Truthfully all of 'em spoiled, usually, you're never charged
But somethin' came over you once I took you to them fuckin' BET Awards
You lookin' at artistses like they're harvestses
So many Rollies around you and you want all of 'em
Somebody told me you thinkin' 'bout snatchin' jewelry
I should've listened when my grandmama said to me:

[Chorus: Bilal]
"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Oh now, slow down"

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
And once upon a time, in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga
He was five-foot somethin', God bless the kid
Took his homies to the show and this is what they said:

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
"Fuck am I 'posed to do when I'm lookin' at walkin' licks?
The constant big money talk 'bout the mansion and foreign whips
The private jets and passport, presidential glass floor
Gold bottles, gold models, givin' up the ass for
Instagram flicks, suckin' dick, fuck is this?
One more sucker wavin' with a flashy wrist
My defense mechanism tell me to get him
Quickly because he got it
It's a recession, then why the fuck he at King of Diamonds?
No more livin' poor, meet my four-four
When I see 'em, put the per diem on the floor
Now Kendrick, know they're your co-workers
But it's gon' take a lot 'fore this pistol go cold turkey
Now I can watch his watch on the TV and be okay
But see I'm on the clock once that watch landin' in LA
Remember steal from the rich and givin' it back to the poor?
Well, that's me at these awards"
I guess my grandmama was warnin' a boy
She said

[Chorus: Bilal]
"Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, boy
Shit don't change until you get up and wash yo' ass, nigga
Oh now, slow down"

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
And once upon a time, in a city so divine
Called West Side Compton, there stood a little nigga
He was five-foot something, dazed and confused
Talented but still under the neighborhood ruse
You can take your boy out the hood
But you can't take the hood out the homie
Took his show money, stashed it in the mozey wozey
Hollywood's nervous
Fuck you, goodnight, thank you much for your service

[Produced by Terrace Martin & Larrance Dopson; Additional production by Sounwave]

[Directed by Colin Tilley & The Little Homies]

[Poem: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence
Sometimes, I did the same

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar & Anna Wise]
(Woman moaning)
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk
If these walls could talk-
Sex

[Verse 1: Anna Wise & Kendrick Lamar]
She just want to close her eyes and sway
With you, with you, with you (Ah, come on)
Exercise her right to work it out
It's true, it's true, it's true
Shout out to the birthday girls
Say hey (Hey), say hey (Hey), (Ah, girl)
Everyone deserves a night to play (Play)
She plays, only when you tell her no

[Chorus: Anna Wise, Thundercat & Bilal]
If these walls could talk
I can feel your reign when it cries, gold lives inside of you
If these walls could talk
I love it when I’m in it, I love it when I’m in it

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
If these walls could talk, they’d tell me to swim good
No boat, I float better than he would
No life jacket, I’m not the God of Nazareth
But your flood can be misunderstood
Walls telling me they full of pain, resentment
Need someone to live in them just to relieve tension
Me, I’m just a tenant
Landlord said these walls vacant more than a minute
These walls are vulnerable, exclamation
Interior pink, color coordinated
I interrogated every nook and cranny
I mean, it's still amazing, before they couldn’t stand me
These walls want to cry tears
These walls happier when I’m here
These walls never could hold up
Every time I come around, demolition might crush

[Chorus: Anna Wise, Thundercat & Bilal]
If these walls could talk
I can feel your reign when it cries, gold lives inside of you
If these walls could talk
I love it when I’m in it, I love it when I’m in it

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
If these walls could talk, they’d tell me to go deep
Yelling at me continuously, I can see
Your defense mechanism is my decision
Knock these walls down, that’s my religion
Walls feeling like they ready to close in
I suffocate, then catch my second wind
I resonate in these walls
I don’t know how long I can wait in these walls
I’ve been on the streets too long
Looking at you from the outside in
They sing the same old song
About how they walls always the cleanest
I beg to differ, I must’ve missed them
I’m not involved, I’d rather diss 'em
I’d rather call on you, put your wall up
'Cause when I come around, demolition gon’ crush

[Chorus: Anna Wise, Thundercat & Bilal]
If these walls could talk
I can feel your reign when it cries, gold lives inside of you
If these walls could talk
I love it when I’m in it, I love it when I’m in it

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 4: Kendrick Lamar]
If your walls could talk, they’d tell you it’s too late
Your destiny accepted your fate
Burn accessories and stash them on the yard
Take the recipe, the Bible and God
Wall telling you that commissary is low
Race wars happening, no calling CO
No calling your mother to save you
Homies to say you're irrepetible, not acceptable
Your behavior is Sammy the Bull like
A killer that turned snitch
Walls is telling me you a bitch
You pray for appeals hoping the warden would afford them
That sentence so important
Walls telling you to listen to Sing About Me
Retaliation is strong, you even dream 'bout me
Killed my homeboy and God spared your life
Dumb criminal got indicted same night
So when you play this song, rewind the first verse
About me abusing my power so you can hurt
About me and her in the shower whenever she horny
About me and her in the after hours of the morning
About her baby daddy currently serving life
And how she think about you until we meet up at night
About the only girl that cared about you when you asked her
And how she fuckin' on a famous rapper
Walls can talk (Talk)

[Poem: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in a hotel room

[Produced by Pharrell Williams & Sounwave]

[Directed by Colin Tilley]

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
Alls my life, I has to fight, nigga
Alls my life, I—
Hard times like, "Yah!"
Bad trips like, "Yah!"
Nazareth
I'm fucked up, homie, you fucked up
But if God got us, then we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're looking at me for the pay cut
But homicide be looking at you from the face down
What MAC-11 even boom with the bass down?
Schemin', and let me tell you 'bout my life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight
Now tell my momma I love her, but this what I like, Lord knows
Twenty of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Reaping everything I sow, so my karma coming heavy
No preliminary hearings on my record
I'm a motherfucking gangster in silence for the record, uh
Tell the world I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I've gone cray
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say

[Pre-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, been down before
Nigga, when our pride was low
Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?"
Nigga, and we hate po-po
Wanna kill us dead in the street fo sho'
Nigga, I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
What you want you, a house⁠? You, a car?
Forty acres and a mule? A piano, a guitar?
Anything, see my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every other zero
Thinking of my partner, put the candy, paint it on the Regal
Digging in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Every day my logic get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico, ah!
I don't talk about it, be about it, every day I sequel
If I got it then you know you got it, Heaven, I can reach you
Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, Pat Dawg, my dog, that's all
Bick back and Chad, I trap the bag for y'all
I rap, I black on track so rest assured
My rights, my wrongs; I write 'til I'm right with God

[Pre-Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Wouldn't you know
We been hurt, been down before
Nigga, when our pride was low
Lookin' at the world like, "Where do we go?"
Nigga, and we hate po-po
Wanna kill us dead in the street fo sho'
Nigga, I'm at the preacher's door
My knees gettin' weak, and my gun might blow
But we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me, do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar & Thundercat]
I keep my head up high
I cross my heart and hope to die
Lovin' me is complicated
Too afraid of a lot of changes
I'm alright, and you're a favorite
Dark nights in my prayers

[Poem: Kendrick Lamar]
I remembered you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self-destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for answers

[Produced by Taz Arnold; Additional production by Sounwave & Terrace Martin]

[Intro: Bilal]
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhh, ohh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhh, ohh
(Breathing)
What's wrong, nigga?
I thought you was keeping it gangsta
I thought this what you wanted
They say if you scared, go to church
But remember, he knows the Bible too

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Now, baby, when I get you, get you, get you, get you
I'ma go hit the throttle with you
Smoking, lokin', poking that doja 'til I'm idle with you
'Cause I (want you)
Now, baby, when I'm riding here, I'm riding dirty
Registration is out of service
Smoking, lokin', drinking that potion, you can see me swerving
'Cause I (want you)
(I want you more than you know)

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember you took me to the mall last week, baby
You looked me in my eyes about four, five times
'Til I was hypnotized, then you clarified
That I (want you)
You said Sherane ain't got nothing on Lucy
I said, "You crazy?"
Roses are red, violets are blue
But me and you both pushing up daisies if I (want you)

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Now, baby, when I get you, get you, get you, get you
I'ma go hit the throttle with you
Smoking, lokin', poking that doja 'til I'm idle with you
'Cause I (want you)

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
You said to me, you said your name was Lucy
I said, "Where's Ricardo?"
You said, "Oh, no, not the show"
Then you spit a little rap to me like this
When I turned twenty-six, I was like, "Oh, shit"
You said to me, I remember what you said too, you said:
"My name is Lucy, Kendrick, you introduced me, Kendrick
Usually I don’t do this but I see you and me, Kendrick
Lucy give you no worries, Lucy got million stories
About these rappers that I came after when they was boring
Lucy gon' fill your pockets
Lucy gon' move your mama out of Compton
Inside the gi-gantic mansion like I promised
Lucy just want your trust and loyalty, avoiding me?
It's not so easy, I'm at these functions accordingly
Kendrick, Lucy don't slack a minute, Lucy work harder
Lucy gon' call you even when Lucy know you love your Father
I'm Lucy, I loosely heard prayers on your first album, truly
Lucy don't mind, 'cause at the end of the day you'll pursue me
Lucy go get it, Lucy not timid, Lucy up front
Lucy got paperwork on top of paperwork
I want you to know that Lucy got you
All your life I watched you
And now you all grown up to sign this contract, if that’s possible"

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
Get you, get you, get you, get you
I'ma go hit the throttle with you
Smoking, lokin', poking that doja 'til I'm idle with you
'Cause I (want you)
Now, baby, when I'm riding here, I'm riding dirty
Registration is out of service
Smoking, lokin', drinking that potion, you can see me swerving
'Cause I (want you)

[Refrain: Bilal]
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhh, ohh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhh, ohh

[Poem]
I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence, sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screamin' in the hotel room
I didn't wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went runnin' for answers
Until I came home

[Produced by Knxwledge & Taz Arnold]

[Part I]

[Intro: Taz Arnold]
Oh, shit!
I need that
I need that sloppy
That sloppy (Yo, yo, yo)
Like a Chevy in quicksand
Yeah
That sloppy

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
This feelin' is unmatched
This feelin' is brought to you by adrenaline and good rap
Black Pendleton ball cap (West, west, west)
We don't share the same synonym, fall back (West, west, west)
Been in it before internet had new acts
Mimicking radio's nemesis made me wack
My innocence limited, the experience lacked
Ten of us with no tentative tactic that cracked
The mind of a literate writer, but I did it, in fact
You admitted it once I submitted it, wrapped in plastic
Remember scribblin', scratchin' diligent sentences backwards
Visiting freestyle cyphers for your reaction
Now, I can live in a stadium, pack it the fastest
Gamblin' Benjamin benefits, sinnin' in traffic
Spinnin' women in cartwheels, linen fabric on fashion
Winnin' in every decision, Kendrick is master that mastered it
Isn't it lovely how menaces turned attraction?
Pivotin' rappers, finish your fraction while writing blue magic
Thank God for rap
I would say it got me a plaque, but what's better than that?
The fact it brought me back home

[Chorus: Lalah Hathway & Taz Arnold]
We been waitin' for you
Waitin' for you
Waitin' for you
Waitin' for you

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
I know everything
I know everything, know myself
I know morality, spirituality, good and bad health
I know fatality might haunt you
I know everything
I know Compton, I know street shit, I know shit that's conscious
I know everything, I know lawyers, advertisement and sponsors
I know wisdom, I know bad religion, I know good karma
I know everything, I know history
I know the universe works mentally
I know the perks of bullshit isn't meant for me
I know everything, I know cars, clothes, hoes, and money
I know loyalty, I know respect, I know those that's ornery
I know everything, the highs, the lows, the groupies, the junkies
I know if I'm generous at heart, I don't need recognition
The way I'm rewarded—well, that's God's decision
I know you know that line's for Compton School District
Just give it to the kids, don’t gossip 'bout how it was distributed
I know how people work
I know the price of life, I'm knowin' how much it’s worth
I know what I know, and I know it well not to ever forget
Until I realized I didn’t know shit, the day I came home

[Chorus: Lalah Hathway & Taz Arnold]
We been waitin' for you
Waitin' for you
Waitin' for you
Waitin' for you

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
I met a little boy that resembled my features
Nappy afro, gap in his smile, hand-me-down sneakers
Bounced through the crowd
Run a number on man and woman that crossed him
Sun beamin' on his beady beads, exhausted
Tossin' footballs with his ashy, black ankles
Breakin' new laws mama passed on home trainin'
He looked at me and said, "Kendrick, you do know my language
You just forgot because of what public schools had painted
Oh, I forgot, 'Don't Kill My Vibe', that's right, you're famous
I used to watch on Channel 5, TV was taken
But never mind, you're here right now, don't you mistake it
It's just a new trip, take a glimpse of your family ancestor
Make a new list of everything you thought was progress
And that was bullshit, I know your life is full of turmoil
Spoiled by fantasies of who you are, I feel bad for you
I can attempt to enlighten you without frightenin' you
If you resist, I'll back off quick, go catch a flight or two
But if you pick destiny over rest-in-peace
Then be an advocate, tell your homies, especially
To come back home"

[Part II]

[Interlude]
This is a world premiere
This is a world premiere
This is a world premiere

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar]
I been lookin' for you my whole life, an appetite
For the feeling I can barely describe, where you reside?
Is it in a woman, is it in money or mankind?
Tell me something, got me losing my mind, ah!

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
You make me wanna jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Let's talk about love

[Refrain: Kendrick Lamar]
I been lookin' for you my whole life, an appetite
For the feeling I can barely describe, where you reside?
Is it in a woman, is it in money, or mankind?
Tell me something, think I'm losing my mind, ah!

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
I say, where you at? From the front to the back
I'm lookin' for you, I react only when you react
Ah, I thought I found you, back in the ghetto
When I was seventeen with the .38 special
Maybe you're in a dollar bill, maybe you're not real
Maybe only the wealthy get to know how you feel
Maybe I'm paranoid, ha, maybe I don't need you anyway
Don't lie to me, I'm suicidal anyway
I can be your advocate
I can preach for you if you tell me what the matter is

[Produced by Tae Beast, Sounwave & Thundercat]

[Intro]
K-Dot, pick up the phone, nigga
Every time I call, it's going to voicemail
Don't tell me they got you on some weirdo rap shit, nigga
No socks and skinny jeans and shit, ha
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-haha
Call me on Shaniqua's phone!

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
Your home boy, your block that you're from, boo-boo
Lil hoes you went to school with, boo-boo
Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo
We was in the hood, 14 with the deuce-deuce
14 years later, going hard like we used to, on the dead homies
On the dead homies

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I don't give a fuck about no politics in rap, my nigga
Our lil' homie Stunna Deuce ain't never comin' back, my nigga
So you better go hard every time you jump on wax, my nigga
Fuck what they talkin' 'bout, your shit is where it's at, my nigga
Came in this game, you stuck your fangs in this game
You wore no chain in this game, your hood, your name in this game
Now you double up, time to bubble up the bread and huddle up
Stickin' to the scripts, now, here, if them Benjamins go cuddle up
Skip, hop, drip, drop
Flip, flop with the white tube sock
It goes, "Sherm sticks, burn this"
That's what the product smell like when the chemicals mix
50-nigga salute, out the Compton zoo, with the extras
El Co's, Monte Carlos, Road Kings, and dressers
Rip Ridaz, P-Funkers, Mexicans, they fuck with you
Asians, they fuck with you, nobody can fuck with you

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
Your homeboy, your block that you're from, boo-boo
Lil hoes you went to school with, boo-boo
Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo
We was in the hood, 14 with the deuce-deuce
14 years later, going hard like we used to, on the dead homies
On the dead homies

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Hopped out the Caddy, just got my dick sucked
The little homies called and said, "The enemies done cliqued up"
Oh, yeah? Puto want to squabble with mi barrio?
Oh, yeah? Tell 'em they can run it for the cardio
Oh, yeah? Everything is everything, it's scandalous
Slow motion for the ambulance, the project filled with cameras
The LAPD gamblin', scramblin', football numbers slanderin'
Niggas' names on paper—you snitched all summer
Streets don’t fail me now
They tell me it's a new gang in town
From Compton to Congress
Set-trippin’ all around
Ain't nothin' new but a flu of new Demo-Crips and Re-Blood-icans
Red state versus a blue state—which one you governin'?
They give us guns and drugs, call us thugs
Make it they promise to fuck with you
No condom, they fuck with you, Obama say, "What it do?"

[Interlude: Kendrick Lamar]
Obama say, "What it do?"
Obama say, "What it do?"
Obama say, "What it do?"

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo
Your homeboy, your block that you're from, boo-boo
Lil hoes you went to school with, boo-boo
Baby mama and your new bitch, boo-boo
We was in the hood, 14 with the deuce-deuce
14 years later, going hard like we used to, on the dead homies
On the dead homies

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Everybody want to talk about who this and who that
Who the realest and who wack, or who white or who Black
Critics want to mention that they miss when hip-hop was rappin'
Motherfucker, if you did, then Killer Mike'd be platinum
Y’all priorities fucked up, put energy in wrong shit
Hennessy and Crown Vic, my memory been gone since
Don’t ask about no camera blocking at award shows
No, don’t ask about my bitch, no, don’t ask about my Vogues
'Less you askin' me about power, yeah, I got a lot of it
I'm the only nigga next to Snoop that can push the button
Had the Coast on standby
“K. Dot, what up? I heard they opened up Pandora’s box”
I box ‘em all in, by a landslide
Nah, homie, we too sensitive, it spill out to the streets
I make the call and get the Coast involved, then history repeats
But I resolved inside that private hall while sitting down with Jay
He said, "It's funny how one verse could fuck up the game"

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
I been A-1 since day one, you niggas boo-boo

[Poem: Kendrick Lamar]
I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in a hotel room
I didn't want to self-destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn't stop survivors guilt
Going back and forth
Trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting a continuous war
Back in the city
I was entering a new one

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
How much a dollar really cost?
The question is detrimental, paralyzin' my thoughts
Parasites in my stomach keep me with a gut feeling, y'all
Gotta see how I’m chillin' once I park this luxury car
Hopping out feeling big as Mutombo
"20 on pump 6," dirty Marcellus called me Dumbo
Twenty years ago, can't forget
Now I can lend him a ear or two
How to stack these residuals tenfold
The liberal concept of what men'll do
"20 on 6," he didn't hear me
Indigenous African only spoke Zulu
My American tongue was leery
Walked out the gas station
A homeless man with a semi-tan complexion
Asked me for ten Rand, stressin' about dry land
Deep water, powder blue skies that crack open
A piece of crack that he wanted, I knew he was smokin'
He begged and pleaded
Asked me to feed him twice, I didn't believe it
Told him, "Beat it"
Contributin' money just for his pipe—I couldn't see it
He said, "My son, temptation is one thing that I've defeated
Listen to me, I want a single bill from you
Nothin' less, nothin' more"
I told him I ain't have it and closed my door
Tell me, how much a dollar cost?

[Chorus: James Fauntleroy]
It's more to feed your mind
Water, sun and love, the one you love
All you need, the air you breathe

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
He's starin' at me in disbelief
My temper is buildin', he's starin' at me, I grab my key
He's starin' at me, I started the car, then I tried to leave
And somethin' told me to keep it in park until I could see
The reason why he was mad at a stranger
Like I was supposed to save him
Like I'm the reason he's homeless and askin' me for a favor
He's starin' at me, his eyes followed me with no laser
He's starin' at me, I notice that his stare is contagious
'Cause now I'm starin' back at him, feelin' some type of disrespect
If I could throw a bat at him, it'd be aimin' at his neck
I never understood someone beggin' for goods
Askin' for handouts, takin' it if they could
And this particular person just had it down pat
Starin' at me for the longest until he finally asked
"Have you ever opened up Exodus 14?
A humble man is all that we ever need"
Tell me, how much a dollar cost?

[Chorus: James Fauntleroy]
It's more to feed your mind
Water, sun and love, the one you love
All you need, the air you breathe

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
Guilt trippin' and feelin' resentment
I never met a transient that demanded attention
They got me frustrated, indecisive and power trippin'
Sour emotions got me lookin' at the universe different
I should distance myself, I should keep it relentless
My selfishness is what got me here, who the fuck I'm kiddin'?
So I'ma tell you like I told the last bum
Crumbs and pennies, I need all of mines
And I recognize this type of panhandlin' all the time
I got better judgment, I know when nigga's hustlin', keep in mind
When I was strugglin', I did compromise, now I comprehend
I smell Grandpa's old medicine, reekin' from your skin
Moonshine and gin, nigga you're babblin', your words ain't flatterin'
I'm imaginin' Denzel but lookin' at O'Neal
Kazaam is sad thrills, your gimmick is mediocre
The jig is up, I seen you from a mile away losin' focus
And I'm insensitive, and I lack empathy
He looked at me and said, "Your potential is bittersweet"
I looked at him and said, "Every nickel is mines to keep"
He looked at me and said, "Know the truth, it'll set you free
You're lookin' at the Messiah, the son of Jehovah, the higher power
The choir that spoke the word, the Holy Spirit
The nerve of Nazareth, and I'll tell you just how much a dollar cost
The price of having a spot in Heaven, embrace your loss—I am God"

[Outro: Ronald Isley]
I washed my hands, I said my grace
What more do you want from me?
Tears of a clown, guess I'm not all what it's all meant to be
Shades of grey will never change if I condone
Turn this page, help me change to right my wrongs

[Produced by LoveDragon]

[Produced by Thundercat & Sounwave; Additional production by Terrace Martin & Antydote]

[Intro: Pete Rock]
I'm with this

[Chorus: Pete Rock]
Complexion (Two-step)
Complexion don't mean a thing (It's a Zulu love)
Complexion (Two-step)
It all feels the same (It's a Zulu love)

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Uh, Dark as the midnight hour or bright as the mornin' sun
Give a fuck about your complexion, I know what the Germans done
Sneak (Dissin')
Sneak me through the back window, I’m a good field nigga
I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you
You know I'd go the distance, you know I'm ten toes down
Even if master listenin', cover your ears, he 'bout to mention

[Chorus: Pete Rock]
Complexion (Two-step)
Complexion don't mean a thing (It's a Zulu love)
Oh, Complexion (Two-step)
It all feels the same (It's a Zulu love)

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Dark as the midnight hour, or bright as the mornin' sun
Brown skinned, but your blue eyes tell me your mama can't run
Sneak (Dissin')
Sneak me through the back window, I’m a good field nigga
I made a flower for you outta cotton just to chill with you
You know I'd go the distance, you know I'm ten toes down
Even if master's listenin', I got the world's attention
So I'ma say somethin' that's vital and critical for survival
Of mankind, a feline color should never rival
Beauty is what you make it, I used to be so mistaken
By different shades of faces
Then Whit' told me, "A woman is woman, love the creation"
It all came from God, then you was my confirmation
I came to where you reside
And looked around to see more sights for sore eyes
Let the Willie Lynch theory reverse a million times with...

[Chorus: Pete Rock]
Complexion (Two-step)
Complexion don't mean a thing (It's a Zulu love)
Oh, Complexion (Two-step)
It all feels the same (It's a Zulu love)

[Interlude: JaVonté & Kendrick Lamar]
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
You like it, I love it
(Where the homegirl Rapsody at?
I need you to speak your mind real quick, loved one!)

[Verse 3: Rapsody]
Let me talk my Stu Scott, ‘scuse me on my 2Pac
Keep your head up, when did you stop loving thy
Color of your skin? Color of your eyes
That’s the real blues, baby, like you met Jay’s baby, uh
You blew me away, you think more beauty in blue, green and grey
All my solemn men up north, 12 years a slave
12 years of age, thinkin' my shade too dark
I love myself, I no longer need Cupid
Enforcin' my dark side like a young George Lucas
Light don’t mean you smart, bein' dark don’t make you stupid
And frame of mind for them bustas, ain’t talkin' “Woo-hah!”
Need a paradox for the pair of doc's they tutored
Like two Todd's, L-L, you lose two times
If you don’t see you beautiful in your complexion
It ain’t complex to put it in context
Find the air beneath the kite, that’s the context
Yeah, baby, I’m conscious, ain’t no contest
If you like it, I love it, all your earth tones been blessed
Ain’t no stress, jiggaboos wanna be
I ain’t talkin' Jay, I ain’t talkin' Bey
I’m talkin' days we got school watchin' movie screens
And spike your self-esteem
The new James Bond gon' be black as me
Black as brown, hazelnut, cinnamon, black tea
And it’s all beautiful to me
Call your brothers magnificent, call all the sisters queens
We all on the same team, blues and pirus, know colors ain’t a thing

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
Barefoot babies with no cares
Teenage gun toters that don’t play fair, should I get out the car?
I don’t see Compton, I see something much worse
The land of the landmines, the hell that’s on earth

[Produced by LoveDragon]

[Intro]
Study long, study wrong, nigga
Hey, y'all close that front door, y'all let flies in this motherfucker
Close that door!
My OG up in this motherfucker right now
My pops man with the bottle of Hennessy in his hand, actin' a fool
Hey, hey, babe, check it out, I'ma tell you what my mama had said, she like:

[Verse 1]
I could spot you a mile away
I could see your insecurities written all on your face
So predictable your words, I know what you gonna say
Who you foolin'? Oh, you assuming you can just come and hang
With the homies but your level of realness ain't the same
Circus acts only attract those that entertain
Small talk, we know that it's all talk
We live in the Laugh Factory every time they mention your name

[Refrain]
Askin' "where the hoes at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the moneybags?" to impress me
Say you got the burner stashed to impress me
It's all in your head, homie
Askin' "where the plug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the juug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where it's at?" only upsets me
You sound like the feds, homie

[Chorus]
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

[Verse 2]
And the world don't respect you
And the culture don't accept you
But you think it's all love
And the girls gon' neglect you once your parody is done
Reputation can't protect you if you never had one
Jealousy (complex), emotional (complex)
Self-pity (complex), under oath (complex)
The loudest one in the room, nigga, that's a complex
Let me put it back in proper context

[Chorus]
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

[Refrain]
Askin' "where the hoes at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the moneybags?" to impress me
Say you got the burner stashed to impress me
It's all in your head, homie
Askin' "where the plug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where the juug at?" to impress me
Askin' "where it's at?" only upsets me
You sound like the feds, homie

(Pause)

[Verse 3]
What do you got to offer?
Tell me before we off ya, put you deep in the coffin
Been allergic to talkin', been a virgin to bullshit
And sell a dream in the auction, tell me just who your boss is
Niggas be fugazi, bitches be fugazi
This is for fugazi
Niggas and bitches who make habitual lyin' babies
Bless them little hearts
You can never persuade me
You can never relate me to him, to her, or that to them
Or you, the truth you love to bend
In the back, in the bed, on the floor, that's your ho
On the couch, in the mouth, I'll be out, really though
See, loud, rich niggas got low money
And loud, broke niggas got no money
The irony behind it is so funny
And I seen it all this past year
Pass on some advice we feel:

[Chorus]
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta lie, you ain't gotta lie
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, my nigga
You ain't gotta try so hard

[Crowd noise]

[Dialogue: Eminem & Fat Beats Receptionist]
**Dial tone**

I was like -oh, hello? (Yeah)
Um, I-I just have one more question
I don't know if you were the guy we were talking to, um
I just called a few minutes ago, about Eminem (okay)
Um, probably what I was wondering, um
Is if, I-I-I don't know, I've seen Eminem
(What's the question, sir?)
He did a show at Tramps and his hair was like, blond
And I was wondering, actually, that's not even a question
But I was wondering, um, is-is-is
Is Dr. Dre, um, is he white?
(muffled sounds)
(Hello?)
H-Hello, hi (yes)
Um, I had a que-
The oh-this ain't the--, oh this a girl
(This is a girl, yeah) Oh, I-I'm sorry
I had a couple of questions about, um, about this guy Eminem
I-I know him, I-I'd, I know him, I've-I've like, I've like studied him
I-I've-I know all his freestyles by heart
(Okay, can you please lower your voice?)
I'm sorry, I'm just really excited because something-
My friend came over here, the album (Uhuh)
And, I don't know how he got the album, he sa-
He said he got it off the internet or something
But I was figuring like, maybe Fat Beats like, had a bootleg
Or something that I could just get
I wouldn't, like, turn you guys in or nothing like that, just--
(We don't have Eminem's album, Eminem's album coming out in February)
They don't have it Brian, you fucking dick!
Okay, is-is-is-i-i-i, it's, um
Is Dr. Dre white?
(Dr. Dre is not white, that I know of
The Dr. Dre I know ain't white, I don't know)
Oh! (He's black as I know him)
Oh, okay, okay, oh!
Dr. Dre, the Dr. Dre from The Chronic, you asshole!
You guys are so-- you, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
These guys are embarassing me, I'm sorry, I'm sorry (alright)
Dr. Dre is not white, Dr. Dre is not white, you fucking dicks
Hello? (yeah)
Ok, thank you very much (You're welcome)
Ok, goodbye
Slut

[Verse 1]
Oh, what did I say? She's all shook up
Lost in the summer, man; we're burning up
The time don't show when the sun gets carried
The tide curves off your body; oh, you'll stay with me

[Chorus 1]
I-I-I-I-I-I, now I will show you
It's how I lie-ie-ie-ie-ie what no one told you

[Verse 2]
Oh, what did I say? She's all shook up
Vision by the seaside, we move in our hearts
But I don't know when the fire gets hazy
The flames roll down and off her body; oh, you'll stay with me

[Chorus 2]
I-I-I-I-I, now I will show you
It's how I lie-ie-ie-ie-ie what no one told you
So ride, Sherry, ride, Sherry, ride; I will show you
We'll go in the night, wondering why no one told you

[Bridge]
Now I can walk the stones of the shoreline
And taste the ocean salt when the cold shines
My words are rolling soft down your south side; oh, you wanna?

[Chorus 2]
I-I-I-I-I, now I will show you
It's how I lie-ie-ie-ie-ie what no one told you
So ride, Sherry, ride, Sherry, ride; I will show you
We'll go in the night, wondering why no one told you

[Outro]
Why, you know it goes, you know it goes
Why, you know it goes, you know it goes
Why it goes...

[Intro]
Clap your hands, everybody
Clap your hands
Come on, keep it going
Clap your hands, everybody
Clap your hands, everybody
Clap your hands
Lets do it, you ready?
Come on

[Verse 1]
We could fight like Ike and Tina
Or give back like Bill and Camille
Be rich like Oprah and Stedman
Or instead struggle like Flo and James Evans

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause he ain't no different from you
And she ain't no different from me
So we got to live our dreams
Like the people on TV

[Chorus]
We gotta stay tuned
'Cause there's more to see (Unbreakable)
Through the technical difficulties (Unbreakable)
We might have to take a break
But y'all know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable
Oh yeah yeah...

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, clap your hands, everybody
Clap your hands, everybody
Lets do it like this, come on

[Verse 2]
See, we could act out like Will and Jada (Will and Jada)
Or like Kimora and Russell makin' paper, oh yeah
All in the family like the Jacksons (Like the Jacksons)
And have enough kids to make a band like Joe and Katherine, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
She ain't no different from me
And he ain't no different from you
So we got to live our dreams
Like the people on TV

[Chorus]
We gotta stay tuned
'Cause there's more to see (Unbreakable)
Through the technical difficulties (Unbreakable)
We might have to take a break
But y'all know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable

[Bridge]
We're living our dreams, yeah
We're living our dreams
We're living our dreams
We're living our dreeeeeeeeeeeeams
(ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh)
We're living our dreams (We're living our dreams)
We're living our dreams (We're living our dreams)
We're living our dreeeeeeeeeeeeams
(oooooooohhhhhhh oohhh yeah yeah)

[Chorus]
And we got to stay tuned
'Cause there's more to see (Unbreakable)
Through the technical difficulties (Unbreakable)
We might have to take a break
But ya'll know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable
Sing it one more time now
Y'all know we'll be breaking up
But we just might be back next week
This love is unbreakable (Ha, ha, ha, yeah, yeah)
Break it down, break it down like this
Yeah

[Outro]
No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
Yeeeeeeaaaaahhh.......
(Unbreakable)
Yeah, yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah
(Unbreakable)
We just might be breaking up
But ya'll know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable

[Intro: Tyrion]
A Lannister always pays his debts

[Verse 1]
The line in the roads, breakers of the chains
Sport of the lord, war of five kings
Lords of the rock sitting on the iron throne
Betrayal, revenge, murder, now his mind's gone
The trial 'bout to happen, he smile while he cracking
For real cause he ready for that action
Rich, wealthy and sinister
Welcome to the house of the Lannisters

[Hook](x2)
Honour thy lord, swing my sword
Servant of war
We got the power
Seven kingdoms strong (welcome to the house of the Lannisters)

[Break: Joffrey]
Kneel. Kneel before your king. KNEEL!

[Verse 2]
He won this game, king with the crown
Go against Joffrey and he'll cut your ass down
So sick but it's slay shit
Debt-payers, pay your dues or you will get dealt with
So much to see, blood in the streets
Incest laying with your blood in the sheets
Pop it, drop it like you wanna leave
Honour, not much amongst these thieves

[Verse 1]

[Hook](x2)
I make moves that get me where I'm goin
Break fools that act like they ain't knowin how it's goin
Dizown, with the dizark, cuz that's that kid
Unmask that kid, look at that bastard kid
That don't mind having to break shit or take shit
And motherfucker, if you ain't me you ain't shit
You fuckin faggot
You know I coulda been stuck it to you
Nigga I wasn't even think about fuckin wit you
But I bet now I know your man is thinkin twice bout who to fuck wit
Shit is gettin bad, I'm robbin niggas I grew up with
And I know it's just a matter of time before I get shot
Or I'ma torture this niggas little sister and make him watch
Give a nigga a little room, now he's tryin to house shit
But I bet you get back on some mouse shit
When I punch you in your mouth, bitch
Aaaah, a nigga broken off quick
Yelllckkk!(gagging sound), is the sound he makes chockin off dick
How you feel, eatin with a straw he has to suck through
Fuck me? No fuck you, now I gotta touch you
Fuckin bitch suckin dick like a jockstrap
Put them Glocks back
Tryin to be the first punk motherfucker that shot back
Got that? Didn't Get? You know where you gonna be layin right?
I'm tellin you, hah, you know what the fuck I'm sayin right?
You will respect this, cuz it gets reckless when I cut the
Dun-nun-Dun-nun-Dun-nun-Dun-nun, you be like "What the--Nooo!"
But it's too late cuz the heat-seaker done found the heat
The concrete done found your meat
Guts hittin the ground still hot from steam comin off
Eyes rolled back in his head, coughin up chunks of flesh
Then niggas'll roll with his monstrous death, beatin punks to death
Ain't nuthin left but the memory of what used to be your life
Funeral payments, and dried up blood on my knife
Y'all motherfuckers don't understand, when it's on it's on
You up in the casket with some shades, cuz your eyes is gone
I know I'm wrong, that's why I did my dirt and slid
But you made it happen, with that bullshit you did
Now you want peace? Well take a piece of this ammunition
And get your ass drug out the Hudson by some old man fishin
My mission is almost complete
This message will self distruct in two seconds
Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeep

[Verse 1]
Met a retarded kid named Greg, with a wooden leg
Snatched it off and beat him over the fucking head with the peg
Go to bed with the keg, wake up with the forty
Mixed it with Alka-Seltzer and Formula 44D
Fuck an acid tab, I strapped the whole sheet to my forehead
Waited until it absorbed in, and fell to the floor dead
No more said, case closed, end of discussion
I'm blowin' up like spontaneous human combustion
Leaving you in the aftermath of holocaust and traumas
Cross the bombers, we blowin' up your house, killing your parents
And coming back to get your foster mommas
And I'm as good at keeping a promise as Nostradamus
Cause I ain't making no more threats
I'm doin' drive-bys in tinted Corvettes on Vietnam war vets
I'm more or less sick in the head
Maybe more cause I smoked crack today, yesterday, and the day before
Saboteur, walk the block with a Labrador
Strappin' more corral for war than El Salvador
Foul style galore, verbal cow manure
Comin' together like the eyebrow on Al B. Sure!
Motherfucker!

[Intro: Toro y Moi]
Ooh ahh
Ooh ahh
Ahh ahh
Ahh ahh

[Verse: Toro y Moi]
Can you take me some other way
A method you like and do I
I'll stay behind to make it happen for you

I know I will fall out of the sky
Ahhh ahhh

I saw you breathing air and the fields through the glass

[Chorus: Toro y Moi]
Knew this was always gonna happen
End up breaking down when I thought I would have it
Now I can't be fine
Looking at your smile
Carry me Elise so I can wake
Carry me Elise so I can wake
Carry me Elise so I can wake

[Interlude: Toro y Moi]
Ahhhhh
Ahhh
Ahhh ohhh
Ahhh ohhh

[Chorus: Toro y Moi]
Knew this was always gonna happen
End up breaking down when I thought I would have it
Now I can't be fine
Looking at your smile
Now I can't be fine
Looking at your smile
Carry me Elise so I can wake
Carry me Elise so I can wake

[Outro: Toro y Moi]
Ohhh
Ohhh
If u ever kum 2 east atlanta ask ne body is gucci gangsta still? my top with da touch of my finger
So iced out I kant talk 2 stangers da bible say jesus born n a manger lord bury me n east atlanta
Mr perfect I'm mor dan a rapper valcum sealer sour n wrapper I'm not your average artist
I'm perfect hundred I'm flawless I'm wilt cham baby I'm da ballers baller I hit her quit her split her
Prolly won't call her baller me nd your team r brawlin beefin sum1s gunna c a coufin beats like
Dis dey dnt give me dat often I sip codine cough syrup I'm cougin ceo shit y u broke nd shit
Mr perfect I got boats of shit bbs watches nd roast nd shit so icey entertainment we stankin rich
I luv my stankin bitch she luv my dirty draws I give her dirty dick lord take my soul if my die dnt wake
Please take my breath if I turn fake I'm a birthday boy bitch I got cake birthday cake baby fix my plate
Mr perfect girls feed me grapes (truly) 1 take shawty dis took 1 take monday I did it on my off day
Gucci mane la flare I'm so boshae tushae wrist so u dnt say gucci swing your dick my way
I will I dnt pop pills no mo still got dem 4 da lo lo dnt make me smoke dro no mo got new gones
My new gones mor cut throat nd I'm married 2 dat white bitch we just eloped cold chain
Bout 2 baby cocaine floats droppin 2 da bottom grams I add mor I'm gram gs I give da jays wat dey pay
For go go get way from me I'm so icey entertainment p o s s den I say g u c c I m a n e la flare
U dun heard bout me I'm mr perfect perfect I am gucci mane mr perfect I am wilt chamberlin
Chain swangin ya'll danglin hard dangaling pinky dangaling I'm blangin

[Intro]
Oh, oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh

[Verse 1]
Oh, her eyes, her eyes
Make the stars look like they're not shinin'
Her hair, her hair
Falls perfectly without her tryin'
She's so beautiful
And I tell her every day
Yeah, I know, I know
When I compliment her, she won't believe me
And it's so, it's so
Sad to think that she don't see what I see
But every time she asks me, "Do I look okay?" I say

[Chorus]
When I see your face (Face, face)
There's not a thing that I would change
'Cause you're amazing (Amazing)
Just the way you are (Are)
And when you smile (Smile, smile)
The whole world stops and stares for a while
'Cause, girl, you're amazing (Amazing)
Just the way you are (Are)
Yeah

[Verse 2]
Her lips, her lips
I could kiss them all day if she'd let me
Her laugh, her laugh
She hates, but I think it's so sexy
She's so beautiful, and I tell her every day
Oh, you know, you know, you know
I'd never ask you to change
If perfect's what you're searching for
Then just stay the same
So don't even bother askin' if you look okay
You know I'll say

[Chorus]
When I see your face (Face, face)
There's not a thing that I would change
'Cause you're amazing (Amazing)
Just the way you are (Are)
And when you smile (Smile, smile)
The whole world stops and stares for a while
'Cause, girl, you're amazing (Amazing)
Just the way you are (Are)

[Post-Chorus]
The way you are
The way you are
Girl, you're amazing (Amazing)
Just the way you are (Are)

[Chorus]
When I see your face
There's not a thing that I would change
'Cause you're amazing (Amazing)
Just the way you are (Are)
And when you smile
The whole world stops and stares for a while
'Cause, girl, you're amazing
Just the way you are
Yeah
So, I've done a lot of comedy, so let's, uh...
Take a little break from that, and this is um...
This is just a song that's...
If you'll just indulge me, it's...
Yeah

She was the perfect woman
In every single way
She made the sun shine brighter
And all my cares go away
She was the perfect woman
She was a gourmet chef
They say that love is blind
Well it's also deaf

'Cause Helen Keller was the perfect woman
And no one understands
Just how talented she was with her hands, ugh
Well God made her the perfect woman
I was the finishing touch
She was the perfect woman 'cause she didn't talk so much
She wanted to name the kids
So I finally let her
It turned out horribly
Chewbacca could've done better, *imitates Chewbacca*
But I guess it was alright
We had a boy and a girl
Just me and Helen, ehhh-haaa, and Earl

'Cause Helen Keller was my miracle worker
I was her one-man show
I could walk around the house naked
She wouldn't even know
Because Helen Keller was my perfect woman
I was her only need
Well, she didn't mind the zits on my ass
It gave her more to read

It gave her more to read, it gave her more to read
It gave her more to read, it gave her more to read
More to read, it gave her more to read, more to read
More to-

Helen Keller was my perfect woman
But I don't think she cared
I played this song for her
She just sat there and stared
Well she was still my perfect woman
I was sort of a mess
I asked her to marry me, she said, "UH-EE-OHHH"
So yeah, I did just graduate high school
Seniors '08!
And, um...
Yeah, I actually wrestled in high school
I was only in one match and I lost... my virginity, um
Yeah my high school girlfriend actually, she recently told me that I kiss like a stroke victim, which is weird that she has that, like, frame of reference, y'know?
But, y'know, I stopped and I thought, what would Jesus do? Um
So I, uh, didn't exist

No, I'm just kidding
I took her out to dinner, just ordered the bread and then told her to eat me

This next song... what the fuck am I doing?

[Intro]
You guys seem like you're on my side, right?
Alright, let's change that...

[Verse 1]
Grab a seat
Have something to eat
Help yourself, it's all right
If you want a beer, they're over here
But we only got Coors Lite
Try a chip with my homemade dip
The stuff is outta sight
Right before bed, we'll shave your head
Good thing you're dressed in white

[Chorus]
'Cause it's a Klan cookout
'Cause it's a Klan cookout

[Verse 2]
Here's my wife slash sister
She brightens up my day
She went away and I missed her
'Cause my mum's a lousy lay
Don't hang with foreign fellows
It'll only be your loss
Stay here and roast marshmallows
By the burning cross

[Bridge]
At the Klan cookout
Just the black people
Klan cookout
Dan's on lookout
At the Klan cookout

[Verse 3]
And if you're black
Don't want to see your face
They're like a high school track
Just a stupid race
We got a plan
Kill all the Jews
Are you a Mexican
Because you seem confused
(Señor, KKK?)

[Chorus]
It's a Klan cookout
It's a Klan cookout
Mein Kampf?
Check that book out
At the Klan Kookout

[Verse 4]
All men are created equal
Man, that shit gets me pissed
Here's an idea for a sequel
Someone loses Schindler's List
I cook, I clean
'Cause I'm the hooded host
And on Halloween
I dress as a... slave owner
We hate Hispanics
Hence the 20-foot walls
And all you goddamn dirty Catholics
Can Catho-lick my balls
Ethnics give off weird aromas
And I can't understand
Why we need high school diplomas
With a Bible in hand

[Outro]
At the Klan Cookout
I have black friends
I was just kidding. I don't have black friends

[Verse 1]
Well I heard that you're leavin' (Leavin')
Gonna leave me far behind (So far behind)
'Cause you found a brand new lover
You decided that I'm not your kind

[Verse 2]
So I pulled (I pulled), your name out (Name out), of my Rolodex
And I tore all your pictures in two
And I burned down the malt shop where we used to go
Just because it reminds me of you

[Refrain 1]
That's right (That's right), you ain't gonna see me cryin'
I'm glad (I'm glad), that you found somebody new
'Cause I'd rather spend eternity eating shards of broken glass
Than spend... one more minute... with you

[Verse 3]
I guess I might seem kind of bitter
You got me feelin' down in the dumps
'Cause I'm stranded all alone, in the gas station of love
And I have to use the self-service pumps

[Refrain 2]
Oh, so honey, let me help you with that suitcase
You ain't (You ain't) gonna break my heart in two
'Cause I'd rather get a hundred-thousand paper cuts on my face
Than spend... one more minute... with you

[Bridge]
I'd rather rip out my intestines with a fork
Than watch you goin' out with other men
I'd rather slam my fingers in a door
Again and again and again and again and again

Oh, can't you see what I'm tryin' to say, darlin', I'd...

[Refrain 3]
Rather have my blood sucked out by leeches
Shove an ice pick under a toenail or two
I'd rather clean all the bathrooms in Grand Central Station with my tongue
Than spend... one more minute... with you

[Refrain 4]
Yes, I'd rather jump naked on a huge pile of thumbtacks
Or stick my nostrils together with Krazy Glue™
I'd rather dive into a swimming pool filled with double-edged razor blades
Than spend... one more minute... with you

[Outro]
I'd rather rip my heart right out of my rib cage with my bare hands
And then throw it on the floor and stomp on it 'til I die (gasp)
Than spend... one more minute... with you

[Intro]
Knowledge, where the people at?
Free Mumia!
Channel Live! (KRS-One)
Hah hah hah hah hah hahaha!
Free Mumia!

[KRS-One]
Everywhere I look there's another house negro
Talkin' about they people and how they should be equal
They talkin, but the conversation ain't goin' nowhere
You can't diss hip hop, so don't you even go there
C. Delores Tucker, you wanna quote the scripture
Everytime you hear nigga, well listen up sista

[Verse 1: Hakim, KRS-One, Tuffy]
I met up with this girl named Delores, a prankster
I said I MC, she said, "You're a gangster"
But she was caught up, she hit the floor like a breakdance
Wrapped her up like the arms in a b-boy stance
You'll have money cause I hear you get stars
She said, "Where you from?"
I said, "I was born up in the South Bronx
But now I reside across America"
She said: "You the one who be causing all that mass hysteria
Wisdom shall come out of the mouths of babes and sucklings
But you blinded by cultural ignorance and steady judging
But judge not, lest ye may be judged
For the judgment ye judge, ye shall surely be judged, you gets no love

She said, "I like it, that's why I jock it"
Then I said: "You only on my dick because I fill brotha's pockets
Cut the bullshit, take me to your pad"
She said: "Im'a give you the ass because I like the way your pants sag"
Spread the legs with the other hand she threw the kitty
Then I sprayed jizm like graffiti on her titties
Freestyled all night, no doubt
That bitch couldn't get enough cause she was strung the fuck out

[Chorus: KRS-One] x2
Warner, Elektra, Atlantic equals WEA
Instead of fighting them why don't you go free Mumia

[Verse 2: Tuffy, KRS-One, Hakim]
Wild recital, I kicks the vital, like the Final
Call, as I watch, Babylon fall
I had to Rush Limbaugh, hit that pig with an axe
Tuffy dips to the side, buckin' cannons that phat
Because he censored the uses of the metaphor
You can get the tip of my dick Gore
Because it's you that brings the real horrorcore
Expenditures forgettin', cut from the poor
Why sure! Back before we were born, they sold us out
Yeah, J. Jackson, we know what you about
Back when you was running for the presidencey and competing
All rap was dope, you loved every beat and
But you took the beating
You was using us then, like you're using us now
In the National Urban League, I don't know how
You figure the Stop the Violence Movement gave you six hundred thousand, nigga
And now you quicker to diss, I get with miss Tucker
You better find another you sell-out motherfuckers

Hate to be so rough, it could be the White Owls
House niggas are full of shit, like my Colin Powell
Kickin vowels, is how we relieve the tension
Until we start to bounce white people like suspension
You paint the picture, it's the black man on the corner
But tell me, who blew up Oklahoma?
The City, ain't no pity, for the beast
It's Hakim, that voice from the East

[Chorus] x2

[Verse 3: KRS-One, Hakim, Tuffy]
Buck-buck! Buck-buck-buck!
It sound like gunshots but it could be the cluck of a chicken, definition is what you're missin' and
Listen to your children instead of dissin' em
Senator Dole doesn't understand the younger
Like they be sayin', "Want to", but we be sayin', "Wanna"
They gettin' dumber every summer, as they walk the road
Mainly because they cannot understand the code
In actuality, this Norman Bates mentality
Always seems to represent, minus three-sixty percent
Or degrees full circle, dead from the purple
Rays of the sun I gots melanin so check it
Bag your nuts quick or get sick from being naked
Suspect it, was it a means for the end
For just a few to drive the Benz while you eat the pigskins
Turned you into mannequins is the trick of technology
A revelation, revalations
Sensation gives me inspiration of revolution
That's my solution, there will be no sequels
I'm Audi hundred forty four thousand with my people

From Caligula to Hitler, and now it's Schwarzenegger
A lust for the violence is the science of their behavior
Who enslaved ya (it's the Devil) but the God of virtuosity
And of the world created, could it be mental sodomy
Got my mind twisted like the blades of fonta leaf
I sit in disbelief as he crawls underneath
The rock cock back the Glock cause I don't trust
The Devil, I rebel until Babylon is dust

[Chorus] x2

[Intro]
Old habit die hard huh
Disrespect will not be disregarded partna
You cross dat line I'm goin' off bout mine
Man woman and child, no exception home boy no disrespect will be tolerated come hell or high water
You understand that? Ya bitch!
Bankroll Mafia, Hustle Gang ova everythang nigga

[Verse 1: T.I.]
I got fake bitches on my timeline
Sucka niggas in my rearview
Wonder why I'm even wasting my time
Even replying to letcha know I don't feel you
Fuck 'em!
Dodging nothin' but a Fed case
Betta know it, tired of holdin' on to dead weight
Goin' let it go
And ain't no turnin' round lookin' back
I Swear to God I'ma drop a gem like cookin' crack
And sell it hard
I'ma, Bankhead nigga to the heart
Tote tools on the boulevard
Its young niggas in a stolen car
With expensive ambition and exquisite pistols we showin’ off
Caught that line and we goin’ off
In Lenox mall give a damn, who you goin’ call?
You violatin, we ain’t lettin’ nothin’ go at all
We demonstrate and leave your brains on the fuckin' wall
Puss, you disrespectful nigga, got that
I ain’t neva been shot at, and I ain't shot back
Bossed up in a cool whip with a hot gat
And still got stacks from back from “What You Know About That?”

[Hook]
I’m just a project nigga on the front steps
And gettin’ money is the concept
By any means, and the belt where the gun kept
I let that whole clip ride, till ain’t one left in it
Try me, I'ma handle my business, handle my business
Try me, I'ma handle my business
Try me I'ma handle my business, try me

[Verse 2: T.I.]
I got fake bitches in my timeline
Hatin' niggas in my rearview
I got naked bitches in the high rise
On the balcony so they could get a clear view
Of the city with my dick up in it
But in the morning won’t remember which bitch is it, shit
Ay I’m too rich for this shit but I’m too real to be tried nigga
Going against me just like goin’ against God
And I ain’t gotta make excuses
I don't fuck whoever, whatchu wanna do about it
Thought not, fuck around get crossed out
You caught slippin' roll down on your ass, .45 start spittin'
Goin' be a long day nigga I start trippin'
Don’t be stickin' to the script, drive-by audition, wassup
Whatchu do for dough, guess you do it too slow
And by the looks of your stuff, you ain’t doin' enough
I’m poppin' wheelies in the front, leave you in the dust
Kick in your door masked up like, “Who in the fuck?”
Boy you a ho ho, not just a little piece of pussy
Betta watch your ass talkin', you don't know me nigga holdup

[Hook]
I’m just a project nigga on the front steps
And gettin’ money is the concept
By any means, and the belt where the gun kept
I let that whole clip ride, til ain’t one left in it
Try me, I'ma handle my business, handle my business
Try me, I'ma handle my business
Try me I'ma handle my business, try me

[Verse 3: T.I.]
All I wanna do is go and chill
Take my mind off the ones I wanna go and kill
Yea, I’m a daddy, love my little girls
But I’ll still check a bitch like ‘Pac did Lauryn Hill
Hey I ain’t grow into it, I was born with it
Used to sell crack to the children of the corn
I’m the reason why your mama warned you
Pray you don’t die before you make it to the street corner

[Hook]
I’m just a project nigga on the front steps
And gettin’ money is the concept
By any means, and the belt where the gun kept
I let that whole clip ride, til ain’t one left in it
Try me, I'ma handle my business, handle my business
Try me, I'ma handle my business
Try me I'ma handle my business, try me!

[Produced by Rahki]​​

[Sample]
This is a world premiere!
This is a world premiere!

[Intro]
I done been through a whole lot
Trial, tribulation, but I know God
Satan wanna put me in a bow tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry
As I look around me
So many motherfuckers wanna down me
But an enemigo never drown me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me

[Chorus]
And I love myself
(The world is a ghetto with big guns and picket signs)
I love myself
(But it can do what it want whenever it want, I don't mind)
I love myself
(He said I gotta get up, life is more than suicide)
I love my... self
(One day at a time, sun gonna shine)

[Verse 1]
Everybody lookin' at you crazy (crazy!)
What you gonna do? (what you gonna do?)
Lift up your head and keep moving (keep moving)
Or let the paranoia haunt you (haunt you)?
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city making me promises?
So I promise this

[Chorus]
I love myself
(The world is a ghetto with big guns and picket signs)
I love myself
(But it can do what it want whenever it want, I don't mind)
I love myself
(He said I gotta get up, life is more than suicide)
I love my... self
(One day at a time, sun gonna shine)

[Verse 2]
They wanna say it's a war outside and a bomb in the street
And a gun in the hood, and a mob of police
And a rock on the corner, and a line for the fiend
And a bottle full of lean, and a model on the scene, yup
These days of frustration keep y'all on tuck and rotation
I duck these cold faces, post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis
Dreams of reality's peace
Blow steam in the face of the beast
The sky could fall down, the wind could cry now
The strong in me, I still smile

[Chorus]
I love myself
(The world is a ghetto with big guns and picket signs)
I love myself
(But it can do what it want whenever it want, I don't mind)
I love myself
(He said I gotta get up, life is more than suicide)
I love my... self
(One day at a time, sun gonna shine)

[Bridge]
Walk my bare feet (walk my bare feet)
Down, down valley deep (down, down valley deep)
Fi-fie-fo-fum (fi-fie-fo-fum) (I love myself)
My heart undone (my heart undone) (I love myself)

[Hook]
The world is a ghetto with big guns and picket signs
(I love myself)
But it can do what it want whenever it want, I don't mind
(I love myself)
He said I gotta get up, life is more than suicide
(I love my... self)
One day at a time, sun gonna shine
(Hold up)

[Verse 3]
I went to war last night
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it 'til I get it right
I went to war last night
I've been dealing with depression ever since an adolescent
Duckin' every other blessin', I can never see the message
I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave
From a negative and letting them annihilate me
And it's evident I'm moving at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building, lay my body in the street
Keep my money in the ceiling, let my mama know I'm free
Give my story to the children and a lesson they can read
And the glory to the feeling of the holy unseen
Seen enough, make a motherfucker scream, "I love myself!"

[Outro]
I lost my head
I must've misread what the good book said
Oh, woes keep me, it's a jungle inside
Give myself again 'til the well runs dry (i)

[Car Horns]

[Intro]
Alright
Ugh, ugh, ugh

[Hook]
Good grief, I been reaping what I sowed
Nigga, I ain't been outside in a minute
I been living what I wrote
And all I see is snakes in the eyes of these niggas
Mama taught me how to read 'em when I look
Miss me at the precinct getting booked
Fishy niggas stick to eating off of hooks
Say you eating, but we see you getting cooked, nigga

[Verse 1]
I don't act hard, I'm a hard act to follow, nigga
Like it or not, when it drop, bet he gotta listen
Chasing dragons, tryna make it happen, on a mission
If you step into the shadows, we could talk addiction
When it's harmful where you going and the part of you that know it don't give a fuck
Pardon me for going into details
3-7-6 was a brothel, we had females coming every hour on the dot
And the shit sound like a gavel when it knock
Focused on my chatter, ain't as frantic as my thoughts
Lately, I've been panicking a lot
Feeling like I'm stranded in a mob
Scrambling for Xanax out the canister to pop
Never getting out of hand, steady handling my job
Time damaging my ties
Who turn to get up? Get dude turned to dinner quick
You circus niggas, you turning into tricks
I was making waves, you was surfing in 'em
Dealing with the stomach pains just from birthing niggas' shit
Cut the grass off the surface
Pray the lawnmower blade catch the back of a serpent nigga, shit
Bitch
Yeah

[Hook]
Good grief, I been reaping what I sowed
Nigga, I ain't been outside in a minute
I been living what I wrote (Yeah)
And all I see is snakes in the eyes of these niggas
Mama taught me how to read 'em when I look
Miss me at the precinct getting booked
Fishy niggas stick to eating off of hooks
Say you eating, but we see you getting cooked, nigga

[Verse 2]
My fleeting thoughts on a leash for the moment
High as fuck, I've been alone in my shit for the longest
Snakes sliding in the street
Momma taught me how to not be like the bodies lying in them
Pigs riding in 'em
I'm a target, so it's hard to even eye me in 'em
If he ain't dying for me, then I ain't riding with him
There's no time for that
Making sure my man wallet's straight
Like a collar when you iron that
Thinking 'bout my grandmama
Find a bottle, I'ma wallow and I lie in that
Um, I just want my time and my mind intact
When they both gone, you can't buy 'em back

[Outro]

[Intro]
Open up the champagne, pop!
It's my house, come on, turn it up

[Verse 1]
Hear a knock on the door and the night begins
'Cause we done this before, so you come on in
Make yourself at my home, tell me where you been
Pour yourself something cold, baby, cheers to this

[Pre-Chorus]
Sometimes you gotta stay in
And you know where I live
Yeah, you know what we is
Sometimes you gotta stay in, in

[Chorus]
Welcome to my house
Baby, take control now
We can't even slow down
We don't have to go-ooh-woah-ooh-out
Welcome to my house
Play that music too loud
Show me what you do now
We don't have to go-ooh-woah-ooh-out

[Post-Chorus]
Welcome to my house
Welcome to my house

[Verse 2]
Morning comes and you know that you wanna stay
Close the blinds, let's pretend that the time has changed
Keep our clothes on the floor, open up champagne
Let's continue tonight, come on, celebrate (That's how we do)

[Pre-Chorus]
Sometimes you gotta stay in
And you know where I live (You know where I live)
Yeah, you know what we is (You know what we is)
Sometimes you gotta stay in, in (In, in)

[Chorus]
Welcome to my house
Baby, take control now (Now)
We can't even slow down
We don't have to go-ooh-woah-ooh-out (Out, out)
Welcome to my house
Play that music too loud (Turn it up, turn it up)
Show me what you do now (Show me now)
We don't have to go-ooh-woah-ooh-out (Go out, go out, uh)
Welcome to my house (It's my house, come on, bring a friend)
Welcome to my house

[Verse 3]
Welcome to my duck-off, the crib, the spot, the pad
But my house is your house if you throwin' it back
Excuse me if my home's draining the sad
Soon as these happy faces land you can run with the cash
Homerun, slam dunk, touchdown pass
Mi casa es tu casa, so it ain't no holding back
Another shot of vodka, you know what's in my glass
It's my house, just relax

[Chorus]
Welcome to my house
Baby (Hey), take control now (Woo, woo)
We can't even slow down (Hit the brakes, hit the brakes, go out)
We don't have to go-ooh-woah-ooh-out (Cheers to this)
Welcome to my house
Play that music too loud (Turn it up)
Show me what you do now
We don't have to go-ooh-woah-ooh-out (Go out)
(Ayy, ayy) Welcome to my house
(Ayy, ayy) Welcome to my house (It's my house, my house)
(Ayy, ayy) Welcome to my house (What?)
It's my house

[Chorus]
My, what a day and I got what it takes
I got that keep on, keep on, keep on
Got that keep on, keep on, keep on

It's a beautiful day, it's a beautiful day
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
It's a beautiful day, it's a beautiful day
So won't you, won't you be my neighbor?

Sunblock, flip flops, pack of smokes
Two turn tables and my boxer shorts
I'm ready for the beach, so I hop in the ride
But then I run back in my house to kiss my mama good bye
It's Californ-I-A and I ain't got no complaints
Cause I skip my jay-o, hey o, so come out and play
Hit the PCH and meet me down by the pier
In between two ladies on top of the ferris wheel
Warm weather and blue skies
This the type of day where I'm happy to be alive
Feels like father time and mother nature were making love
Nine months ago and today they have a son

[Chorus]

Yo, hopscotch, ice cream, hoop dreams at the park
Palm trees, light green, oh E after dark
Just a typical day, such a beautiful day
And I'm trying to make due with my minimal pay
Two tacos, one buck, late night at the trucks
64s, dip low, everybody liquored up
Ain't no reason to drip, so let the good times roll
Please do yourself a favor and let the good vibes flow
Cause we getting too old to be fighting like children
Lemme see you smile and enjoy that feeling
Got nothing but love, it's all hugs and dabs
Get yo three fingers up, we all folks and fam

Come to a place where you can get away
Won't you come and be with me in the neighborhood
It's a beautiful day

It's a beautiful day, it's a beautiful day
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
It's a beautiful day, it's a beautiful day
So won't you, won't you be my neighbor?

Ha, headphones, iPod, packed my back (check)
Wallet, skateboard, breakfast jack (check)
Jamming through downtown, wheels go round round
I'm about to pass out, piss on my past now
Bus on the one way, no going back now
Beautiful fun day, showing the Monday
Lunch time: tuna sandwich and a coke (check)
Pen, no book and a pack of Newports (check)
City of Angels, city don't slow down
Gotta keep moving because my mama don't know how
You loosing what I found, right under your nose
Everyday is beautiful as long as you grow it

[Chorus]

Come to a place where you can get away
Won't you come and be with me in the neighborhood
It's a beautiful day

[Spoken Intro]

[Hook: Ludacris + Big K.R.I.T.]
6 fifteens, candy coated riding clean
Every time I pull out a new whip I cause a scene
Rolling through my hood, I told 'em pimpin' ain't that easy
So whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
Whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
Whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me

[Verse 1: Ludacris + Big KRIT]
I'm talking Monte Carlos, Crown Vics, Cadillacs and Regals
If I get pulled over, everything I got's illegal
But I ain't got no worries I got Jesus riding shotgun
Knowing that I need a meal ticket and I can't stop until I got one
Shit, I'm whippin' cutty bubble bucket busty, bitches love to ride too
Hanging out the window servin' niggas like a late-night Wendy's drive through
Tweeters, speakers, jeekers fiendin', diamond in the back my nigga
I got two white girls, think I oughta have a curl in return of the mack, my nigga
It's the return of the 'Lac
Riding on so many horses they think I'm playing polo
Candy paint drippin' like a Jheri curl, nigga, I'mma let my soul glo
Fleet, flickin', screaming, bitches, pitchin', counter, past fate
And all of the women get jealous cause of the way my car can make its ass shake
Last to base, in the face
The law's right beside me, my window tint, dawg
My rims are too large
As soon as I hit the back road bet the law can't find me
Ridin', candy paint with two poles in the trunk
Popped up twice with two hoes in the trunk
Disturb your peace with fifteens that thump
Touch my slab get sawed off with the pump

[Hook: Ludacris + Big K.R.I.T.]
6 fifteens, candy coated riding clean
Every time I pull out a  new whip I cause a scene
Rolling through my hood, I told 'em pimpin' ain't that easy
So whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
Whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
Whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me

[Verse 2: Ludacris + Big K.R.I.T.]
I got two floors in my trunk, club lights in my trunk
I charge at the door them hoes hit the floor, we have club nights in my trunk
Cause it's an earthquake when I park, I keep a UFO in my yard
My wheels so big when I swing my whip I can high five God, Lord
I could skydive off of the top of the roof, rims taller than King Kong
Riding around looking for an ass that I could sit my drink on
My seats warm, my drink cold, my paint dry, but her mouth wet
Suffocate that ho till that bitch look like Smurfette
007 pressin' more buttons, I got all these gadgets, ho
I got all these alpine, it could turn a square chick ratchet, ho
Neon lights shine neon bright that I could direct all this traffic, ho
Young and wise my 9 to 5 would be a vortex if I crash it, ho
Like a head on collision with a red bone mouth colder than Michigan
Reach in that glove box and I got more rubbers than Michelin
I'm feeling like Yao Ming in the whip (why?) I need more leg room
So I hit a switch and the whole back seat turned into a god damn bedroom

[Hook: Ludacris + Big K.R.I.T.]
6 fifteens, candy coated riding clean
Every time I pull out a  new whip I cause a scene
Rolling through my hood, I told 'em pimpin' ain't that easy
So whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
Whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
(Come and see me) Come and see me
Whatever you need, little buddy, come and see me

[Verse 3: Ludacris + Big KRIT]
Okay now, ho, pour out that drink and watch me fire up that blunt
Anybody getting outta line don't make me pop my fuckin' trunk
Don't make you pop your fuckin' trunk?
Don't make me pop my fuckin' trunk
Anybody getting outta line don't make me pop my fuckin' trunk
O-o-o-okay, now bow down when you see me, don't be trippin' on the thump
Anybody getting outta line don't make me pop my fuckin' trunk
Don't make you pop your fuckin' trunk?
Don't make me pop my fuckin' trunk
Anybody getting outta line don't make me pop my fuckin' trunk
Hold up

[Verse: Earl Sweatshirt]
Foot and hand on the gates
We was jumpin' 'em, fuck, I'm like quicksand in my ways
Was always stuck in 'em, stuck it in and an ambulance came
The first time, which ain't fast if you Los Angeles-raised (Nigga)
My bitch say the spliff take the soul from me (Ayy)
And the clique tight-knit, it's like the 'lo rugby
Beat the fuckin' beat up like it stole from me (Yup)
You can talk to Clancy, you need a feature or quote from me (Bitch)
I'm off Delancey, I reek of reefer and show money
It's Early, running with niggas who cold runnin' shit
The wins like lotion: He get 'em, he gon' rub 'em in
Critics pretend they get it, and bitches just don't fuck with him
I spent the day drinkin' and missin' my grandmother, just
Grab a glass and pour some cold white wine in it
Or Colt .45 in it—you know how I get it
I'm toastin' myself, and a toast to all my niggas
And ain't no time limit, I'm toasted as hell
And I gotta jot it quick 'cause I can't focus so well

[Outro: Paloma Elsesser]
And now, a formal introduction

[Produced by Zaytoven]

[Verse 1]
Lamborghini with the doors up
Pull up and she choose up
Froze us and she choose us
Better ask these hoes they know us
She watchin’ me like a movie
Gucci Mane got his numbers up
Tell baby girl come over here
Drop that ass right in front of us

[Hook]
Yes she choose, yeah that bitch choose up
That bitch she choose up, that yellow bitch choose up

[Verse 2]
I got a dark skin friend and she fine ass fuck
But when I hit the club she make them hoes choose up
Yeah they choose up
Jimmy Jimmy shoes up
Jimmy Choo glasses that be the shit my boo wearin’
I’m so inconsiderant, I’m not even carin'
I got this big old diamond chain
She thinking ‘bout marriage
Gave her 1000 dollars, cause the bitch so thick and she suck good dick
I don’t give a fuck about it, and I don’t miss shit and I don’t miss it
Cause I be fucking balling, when I hit layin’ next, wanna have sex, fuck them niggas
Call me Gucci, you pay me 100 for a feature my nigga, Gucci gon come and get ya
Your I’m the truth, Imma come and get you, but bring that money with you
You like graffiti, I don’t like fine art cause I’m a bigger picture
And matter fact, the way I ball, bitch I’m a motion picture
Your bitch got motion sickness cause we riding on 26s

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man

[Verse 1: Young Scooter]
Jackpot, Jackpot she worth for a couple M’s
Bought a quarter from em, till I took a loss again
2 Mill, now I got houses on the hills
Pimp shit, I made hoes pay my bills (Cash out)
Call me, when you turnin’ money in
My Florida bitch, say she coppin’ me a Benz
My gudda bitch, say she coppin' me a Lamb
From Las Vegas, say she coppin' me a Yacht
Trappin' day and night, got a million dollar plug (Count Up)
She 

[?], then I tell her take your watch
This is powerful, but ain’t powerful than guap
Money over bitches, I just let the haters watch (Let’s Go)

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man

[Verse 2: Sonny BSM]
Everybody know I be pimpin'
I don't walk with no limpin'
My bitch she be makin' me pasta
That other 

[?] that shrimp in
I fuck 'em both no foreskin
I need a plaque in my hallway
Connect be sendin them bricks in
I don't get 'em from broadway
I'm ridin' around in these foreign cars
Some talkin’ that rich shit
Gucci told me to turn up
You niggas talkin’ that bitch shit
You watch your house money
50 Bens, that’s couch money
30 more, that’s play bread
A 100 racks that’s drought money
I’m iced out and I’m sacked up
But I ain’t givin’ no bitch shit
You be givin’ that bitch bread
I be givin’ that bitch dick
My whole team we up, ho
We ball hard, these fucks know
Closet lookin' like Nike town
Don't bite down, just suck slow

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man
Break a bitch
Break a bitch, break a bitch, man

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Let’s go, did you know a killa stay right next door
Presto, Imma put a half one on his next four
A black nigga drive in a phantom, just pulled up to Saks though
My necklace shine so bright, they see my ice through tinted window
Dropped a bean, you think that I just kidnapped Kimbo
They let me through the side door, cause I brought that extendo
GuWop and Young Thugga bitch the crowd going digital
Your girl just licked this molly out the paper like an nympho
Baby fine, I'm attracted to her physical
The way she suck me, make me wanna buy her furniture
I just might upgrade and put some diamonds in her pistol
And a business in her name so I can cover up these intervals

[Pre Hook: Gucci Mane]
I pour some drank out for my dead homies
Cause I don’t drink liquor
All I drink is purple codeine
She thicker than a snicker
You know thats my tender roni
I make you stick yourself
Like Tony I’m the macaroni

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it, take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing

[Verse 2: iLoveMakonnen]
Like they can take a chill pill, my new deal worth like 10 mill
Young nigga on for real, shouts out to that boy Mike Will
Want a chopper make it happen, god damn Makonnen be snackin'
Rappin' in that kitchen mutha fuck, super chef what happen
Macaroni with that Tony, young boy out to make the cash
Bitches talking shit I hit 'em with that pizza on they ass
Young timberland, goddammit what the hell you doin'
Hit Miami and I change the weather it start snowing

[Pre Hook: Gucci Mane]
I pour some drank out for my dead homies
Cause I don’t drink liquor
All I drink is purple codeine
She thicker than a snicker
You know thats my tender roni
I make you stick yourself
Like Tony I’m the macaroni

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it, take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing

[Pre Hook: Gucci Mane]
I pour some drank out for my dead homies
Cause I don’t drink liquor
All I drink is purple codeine
She thicker than a snicker
You know thats my tender roni
I make you stick yourself
Like Tony I’m the macaroni

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it, take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing
Take it easy
You Jesus Pieces make her say I’m teasing

[Intro: Vince Staples]
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Vince Staples]
Soon as I catch the vibe tell 'em to fetch the hearse
Shorty I’m pressin' lines lifting the Lauren shirt
Tell her to bless the girth if she with it
I’m in that kitchen, wrist water whippin' work (Psych!)
Nigga, I don’t do that
Niggas get bloop-blapped and blown away
Wessons making Mexicans wetbacks like "Órale!"
Okay, I’m onto something
Momma should've told you it’d be days like this
It’s just a tale from the crip
I’m on my séance shit, I’m tryna' make a million dollars
Keep it hood while crossing over on some A.I. shit
I need a foreign baby mama to match a nigga model whip
Ramona Park made me from scratch
A lot of lotto picks lost inside this game we call rap
I be the underdog
Bullet hit his forehead, it exit out his underarm
Ain’t nobody bigger than my hood, my nigga, fuck a boss
Baby-mama killer, you offended, and I fuck her raw
Stretchy doing federal time for busting at the law
And he gon' be a neighbor of mine, you play me for a pawn
Shawty, I be swimming with sharks, your posse full of prawns
Pistols rip his body apart; now, he afraid of dark alleyways
Niggas better listen when the pastor say

[Break: Vince Staples]
Ugh, hold on, hold on, let me hear me that
Ugh, hold on, hold on, ugh
Ugh, hold on, hold on, ugh

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
It's Golf on that— Bitch, it's Golf on that ball cap
I guzzle the tallboy, Jehovah ain’t call back
And y’all still debating over Earl music
Troops got the group nationwide moving merch units crazy (Nigga)
Peanut butter to paisley
Walking down the street in the different-color McGradys
That first-grader was me
Now, my fist full of spliffs and the old banker receipts
Bitches grip the stick and jerky like cold shanks of the beef, dry
I’m taking purses like they chances in the evening
Pick your pants up, boy, you dancing with a demon
On my mama, I been limiting my features, filling Swishers up with reefer
Bitch, it's difficult to beat him, like a soft dick
Golf clique deep, and we don't hit the streets passive
That nigga Sweaty got the gas, and Shreddy K brought the matches
Pitch your body in the water like a Lipton teabag
And then switch to a different fucking whip to let them piggies speed past him
It's the rats, tryna get the cheese
What it do? Rap like I'm mincing meat
Call me Lou—if I'm on the track, these niggas skip to me
Niggas want to fade me, bitches feel some type of way for me
Fifties in my pocket falling out like fucking baby teeth
Vince be with the rocket, he gon' pop it when it’s danger 'round
Fingertips to tapers now, salute us when you face us
Give a fuck about the moves all these loser niggas making now

[Produced by Left Brain]

[Intro]
(Cough)
Fuck... Yo, I gotta stop smoking Backwoods

[Verse]
How you doing? And what's your motive, ho?
I only trust these bitches 'bout as far as I can throw 'em
Trying to pay my mama rent, figure that's just what I owe her
I been trouble since I tumbled out that stroller
Strolling easy down this narrow path, beefing with your scary ass
'Preme got my little niggas cheesing off the cherry ad
And nigga, that's a great lunch
Papa Swamp be stomping with the skate fucks
Heavy-handing tracks until the day the fucking train come
Raised up where every mouth that speak the truth get taped shut
Peep the evening news, my nigga—we don't do the same stuff
Kiwis couldn't take us, boy, I'm jogging around these bases
Niggas' pitches need to change, I separated from my main one
It's just another day, another nigga's bitch to face-fuck
I been like this since the Motorola Razr
What a bastard that baby was
Little mad nigga missing dad, never praying much
Right around the same time his grandmama drank a bunch
Take the bus, take a nigga's seat like it was made for me
I got this nigga Da$h with me, he sipping on some maple leaf
I'm only happy when there's static in the air 'cause the fairweather fake to me
Living in the scope, hairs crossed like adjacent streets
Dare a nigga think it's sweet, never bitches funny, boy
You berries and you honey for the bear that's here to tear and eat
Run a nigga's pockets like some errands, make it hasty
Hope the sheriff keep away from me
Hope the sheriff keep away from me
Hope the sheriff keep away from me

[Verse 1]
There could be a freak accident
There could be a fatal disease
I know we hate to think about it
But it's as real as you and me
It's as real as you and me
We could all fall down
Before our savior could return
I know we hate to think about it
But it's as real as you and me

[Chorus]
If I should go
Hold my hand
If I should leave
Darling, cover me, please

[Verse 2]
The earth could quake to ruin
We could drift off in our sleep
I know we hate to think about it
But it's as real as you and me
It's as real as you and me
The ocean crushed the shore
And take us down forever more
I know we hate to think about it
But it's as real as you and me

[Chorus]
If I should go
Hold my hand
If I should leave
Darling cover me, please

[Outro]
I know we hate to think about it
But it's as real as you and me
It's as real as you and me

[Chorus: Quavo]
You ain’t never had bricks, no way
You ain’t never hit a plug, no way
You ain’t never cash out, no way
You ain’t never had a strap, no way
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way

[Verse 1: Quavo]
Finessing the plug for the cheddar
I understand I can do better
I am the king, no Correta
I understand I’m a trendsetter
I know that you lying ‘bout bricks
I know that you lying ‘bout licks
You not in the trap with the zips
I know that you lie 'bout your bitch
Stop lying, No way
You never, done it
I won, the top, I earn it
My diamonds, are green, like Kermit
You're a worm, you’re squirmin'
I’m a teacher, listenin' and learnin’
Gone!

[Chorus: Quavo]
You ain’t never had bricks, no way
You ain’t never hit a plug, no way
You ain’t never cash out, no way
You ain’t never had a strap, no way
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
It’s GuWop up in this bitch, call me Mr. pink slip
I don’t slip, double cup, pour it up
Yeah I keep a double pink, that's enough
Pour it up, nah not enough
Gucci Mane, call your bluff
Man your diamonds ain’t wet enough
Man your car ain't wet enough
Man your money ain’t large enough
Gucci Mane, I’m in charge
I'm the boss and I’m backin’ up a Rolls Royce
Drop my top, all my rods they add it up
Had one, I got two
Now then three, not enough
Need four, I need more
‘Nother whore, get another one
Gucci Mane La Flare, big diamonds I could smoother one
Fly the scott and cover one
I’m the Governor
And I got a Ferrari nigga it got no cover

[Chorus: Quavo]
You ain’t never had bricks, no way
You ain’t never hit a plug, no way
You ain’t never cash out, no way
You ain’t never had a strap, no way
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way
No way, no way, no way, no way, no way

[Produced by Mark Ronson]

[Additional production by Statik Selektah]

[Hook]
I got a brand new car
I got a jazz guitar

[Intro]
Welcome, everybody

[Verse 1]
Thank you a lot for coming, it means a lot to me
Steer the yacht with my knee, plenty of botany
Damn, bad chick on top of me, pornography
And I know she only want me for my guap-ery
(Ahem... let me get my voice right
Gary, sorry, 1, 2, 3, 4)
It's the first time ever
Yo fuck this jacket, I turn this shit to 85 napkins
Since Jeter's done I'm now the captain
Trust you me, Gotham's safer now
But there's always a new joker in town
Ready to smoke you with that pound
But when he shoots it, the flag says "BANG!" and everybody laughs
He must be up and off the molly tab
I'm by the bar lookin' Swedish in the trenchcoat stupid
The only one drinkin' mango lassi in the bullpen
My lips are sealed like the singer with bad skin
My need for speed made the Jag spin
Dog, I'll resurrect Freaky Tah to do my ad-libs
Overseas I prolly got mad kids
That I don't even know about, you better slow down, baby
I'm still young, fuck it, gotta use it while it works
Nothin' lasts forever, or does it? Fuck it
Shout out to my cousins, all of 'em

[Hook]
I got a brand new car
I got a jazz guitar

[Verse 2]
I'll take it back to playin' handball and smokin' on the park benches
Dippin' cabs and hoppin' fences
Laughin' all the way back to the buildin' runnin'
Got to the door, twist the key, elevator waitin' for me
100, got upstairs and fixed eleven bowls of Crispix
Grabbed a Snapple out the bin, no one's an even match for the kid
Legs are made of stone, the back of a bridge
In goal line situations I'll tackle the fridge
Peace to Mike Ditka, 50 on the light fixture
Right side shifter, fight fixer, twist your sister
And I ain't talkin' 'bout the hair band, mothafucka
It's Bam Bam doin' ah ah ah ah

[Outro]
Out with the, ah!
I can't even get this fuckin' right, are you kidding me?
I'm ashamed of myself, I'm sorry

[Produced by Statik Selektah]

[Intro: Action Bronson]
Fly Mary in to sing to that cow before we slaughtered it
And then I ordered it

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Don't say a word to me
You already committed perjury
A bunch of lies and sneaks and I don't play that
You know better, you better save that

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Laid by the pool, my legs gettin' massaged by a professional
Strictly business, nothin' sexual
Seasonal vegetables lookin' exceptional
You ain't think I was hot then, now you wanna hum on my testicles
I'm from a dirty borough where that Sun don't come out
But when the moon come and the goons come, the crew runs
Like a big Jamaican, I stand adjacent
To that S600 in amazement
My time gon' come, I'm headed to the top
Like I never wore makeup, and I'm ready for the spotlight
You know I got my hoodie on, and it's such a hot night
Shit I'm straight from Queens, catch me in the limo like it's prom night

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Don't say a word to me
You already committed perjury
A bunch of lies and sneaks and I don't play that
You know better, you better save that

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
This that do a hundred in the rental in the rain
With the jammy, a day before I have to go to Spain
Livin' on the edge, different colored women in my bed
Different, different colored linens on my leg
My mother said I better win or else she'll fuck me up
Ma we did it, I love you, you lucky slut
Since I was young I had the husky gut
But I'm gorgeous, got money in the pouch just like a tourist
Swerve in a Skylark, big piece of the pie chart
Bitch this is fine art, I gets my shine on
You lyin', dog, you never even put the iron on
You drive a Scion, you ain't ridin', dog
Me, I'm cell built, grab your chest
Still get hit with right hands from left field
My life is a kaleidoscope
She makes me feel just like I'm high on dope
I never calm down, shoot the gun without puttin' my son down

[Hook: Action Bronson]
Don't say a word to me
You already committed perjury
A bunch of lies and sneaks and I don't play that
You know better, you better save that

[Outro: Big Body Bes]
You should have been known who the fuck this was
Just by my fuckin' tongue
Big fuckin' Body Bes
You know I'm all over everything now
You know me, you might see my face stamped on a bag of dope
Out here gettin' filthy cause you know I got that ooh woo woo. You know me, I go home and change up
I get fresh to fight. Just caught a new fuckin' case. But it's alright though, I got this stupid mothafuckin' lawyer
He told me, "Don't even worry about that shit, Body. I'll make that go away
Now what's for lunch?" I told him, don't worry, I got the hookup
Anything you want. Crown Fried on me, 1 through 6 only
I know your type though
The type of mothafucka wear a three piece suit to go to court, shook to death
And you there for smokin' weed
Piece of shit, get the fuck outta here

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Cash Cash, Cash Cash
Cash Cash, Cash Cash
Cash Cash, Cash Cash
Cash Cash, Cash Cash
Cash Cash, Cash Cash
Cash Cash, Cash Cash
I got a bag full of cash

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Cash Cash nigga, Cash Cash
I got a big ol’ bag, I serve that gas gas
Flat bag, coke packs, trap back, snap back
I’m in a Maybach with your main bitch
Nigga don’t like that
I’m a pimp, need a white Lac and a white hat
Cash Cash, Og bags
It’s big GuWop I make your OG's mad
That's yo big homie? he on his last
He’s doing bad, no cash cash

[Hook: Gucci Mane x2]

[Verse 2: ILoveMakonnen]
I'm on the main stage with your main bitch
At my festival
My psychedelics from overseas, and my gas from Sherman Oaks
So tell me what you need, cuz we making that dough
I keep that American cheese, and Mexican pesos
I got a girl from Cambodia, oh international
She don't even have a national, bank account or car
But she be really in them streets, I mean damn she going hard
She won't ever get deported, I might give her a green card
Cuz that cash cash is all I fuckin' need
When I blow that gas gas, I don't  care who's in need

[Hook: Gucci Mane x2]

[Produced by The Alchemist]

[Intro: Action Bronson]
Yo pass me the ball fool
You better fuckin' pick me, ya
Straight the fuck up, I roof this shit
Fuckin' 360 on this pussy
I don't give a fuck
I'll kick this motherfucking ball over the fence
No shoes on

[Verse 1 : Action Bronson]
I know you see me on the TV, lookin' like a hunk of beef
When I smile your baby mama shit her dungarees
Somebody get the kid a deal he sound like me
But nah, dunny don't get down like me
The falcon flies back to the glove when I whistle
Don't try to put me in the box like a tissue
Cause I push you in the box with a pink suit
Fuck around and have some squid ink soup, bitch
(Ah man there's so much fuckin' hash in this joint right now son)
Uh, you ain't a legend like Yanni
I'm so Queens like a Roy Wilkins T-shirt
With one arm shredded, and one arm missing
Dog, I was born with Allah's vision
I learned quick I couldn't follow suit
Cause the Devil put the pork inside the dollar soup
Now I'm sittin' in first class with a hard dick
Listenin' to German guitar riffs, what a life
I was made like the beginning of Jurassic Park
When they took the fucking blood from the mosquito with a dope needle
Then they shot it in a wild lion, 1983
I popped out holdin' an iron with a visor on
Yeah, uh huh
Yo, the videos are like a Jewish summer camp promo
Your ideas lack Adobo

[Verse 2 : Meyhem Lauren]
Yo, silk cinder blocks, cinnamon socks
On the low like a whip without shocks
I bag bitches in flocks
Representative for everything official
Ya'll niggas can't live, so it's officially an issue
Waterproof penmanship, padded on a rugby
Hammer in the hamper 'case a nigga try to thug me
I'm a idol, my wave is tidal, forget survival
Treat the last record I broke just like a rival
Uh, I'm New York before it turned into a bike lane
Never had a light fame, split the pipe cane
It was written but I wrote it
Put religion right on my neck and then I froze it
Laurenovitch, yeah

[Outro: Big Body Bes]
3:36 in the morning
Location: a drug infested area, Brooklyn, New York
What am I doing? Standing on an unidentified corner
With a Latin individual, corn rows, foamposites;
All sorts of a felony in his waist
But who are you? She only loves me when I'm naked

[Produced by 88 Keys]

[Verse 1: Action Bronson (Chauncey Sherod)]
On this dark old road, tryna find my way
I'm sick and I'm tired of games people play
(Singing I'm tired of games people play)
No 808, I'm barely standing
Leave me for dead with that gun in your hand (gun in your hand)
Now I got no soul, it was taken a long time ago
(It was taken a long time ago)
I've given my life to a stranger, that sleeps by my side at night
Look in her eyes, I see danger, and man is this shining bright

[Bridge: Action Bronson]
She won't think twice, to hurt me
She won't think twice, to hurt me
She won't think twice, to hurt me
She won't think twice

[Hook: Action Bronson]
She only wants money my money
She only wants money my money
She only wants money from me, love from somebody else
She only wants money from me, love from somebody else

[Reprise: Action Bronson (Chauncey Sherod)]
On this dark old road, tryna find my way
I'm singing, I'm tired of games people play
(Singing I'm tired of games people play)
No 808, I'm barely standing
Leave me for dead with that gun in your hand (gun in your hand)
Now I got no soul, it was taken a long time ago
(It was taken a long time ago)
I've given my life to a stranger, that sleeps by my side at night
Look in her eyes, I see danger, and man is this shinning bright

[Bridge: Action Bronson]
She won't think twice, to hurt me
She won't think twice, to hurt me
She won't think twice, to hurt me
She won't think twice

[Hook: Action Bronson]
She only wants money my money
She only wants money my money
She only wants money from me, love from somebody else
She only wants money from me, love from somebody else

She only wants money from me, love from somebody else
She only wants money from me, love from somebody else

[Intro]
Do me a favor, with that, light the candle
Is that the Hawaiian Rayman?
Aight I get the same one every single time, I don't understand this

[Verse 1]
At the piano with a glass of pinot
All red silk like I'm Nino
Custom made shit, I weight 140 kilos
Sneeze on 100G's, hoes on their knees blow from Montego
The way my hair look you swear my name was Rodrigo
Lay low, if you can't do it then just say no
If you ain't built to play this game then you get halo'd
I put a lot of fiends in k-holes

[Skit 1]
Hello
Hi
What's up mama?
I just watched  perform
How do you feel about it?
They ain't you baby hahaha, you're better than all these shit heads

[Verse 2]
I'm just a bastard with a bad habit
Bad back in a black Volkswagen Rabbit
Shit I gotta have it
Black magic woman put a spell on me
Fuck around and win a spelling bee
I could walk under ladders, still win the lotto
Ten minutes flat, built a boat in a bottle
Roy Rogers bathroom, sniffin' coke with a model
Told her to Google me, shit I might paint the Cougar green
All this lechuga in my jeans
I still see Freddy Kruger in my dreams
Ain't nothin' moving but the cream
Shit, know I do it for team

[Skit 2]
I just wanna hear em announce your name, that's all I care about
How's your knee?
My knee is... It's not bad these past few days
You been alright?

[Verse 3]
That's all I care about
Took a meeting up at Paramount
Typecast as a romantic lead
I'm classically trained for drug dealing
But I wasn't good at drug dealing
So I flipped shit, rug, ceiling
Dry water, five daughters all stood 5'4"
Or got 5 quarters for the store

[Outro]
Fuck knows what I'm saying anymore mane, my mind is shot, been working so motherfuckin' hard
So I'm bout to light this motherfuckin' dab up
Til the next time, peace
Action Bronson: "What was that one you were telling me about the other evening, you were singin' about the sister in the street gang?"

L.E.S Ezra :  "Uh you're talkin' about... damn... say some words that I... I got so much shit."

Bronson: "...Lost in the street life..."

L.E.S. Ezra: I'm lookin' for this lady

Bronson:
(There you go, there you go!)

L.E.S. Ezra:
She's special to me
So if by chance you see her
Won't you hit me on the hip, will you please?
I went to Red Cross and I went to the station
I looked up missing persons
And I found out that she wasn't there
Did she find, did she find
Did she find someone new?
Is it true?
Did she find, did she find
DId she find someone new?
I hope it's not true
My sister came over with no smile on her face
She said, "You better sit down"
It's gonna hurt, what she has to say
"That baby's not yours, she belongs to the streets
Where gangsters and hustlers
Where they meet on 125C
She can never be yours, a housewife. you see
She belongs to the ghetto, my friend
She doesn't belong to you or me"
Did she find, did she find...
L.E.S. Ezra: "Let me tell you something about that song. It could go two ways. It could be about drugs, and it could be about a woman."

[Produced by: Oh No]

[Intro]
I'm focused, man, I swear I'm focused. These mothafuckas don't know, I'm the mothafuckin' golden child. Uh huh

[Verse 1: Action Bronson]
Anywhere I go, you know you're goin' with me
Bobby and Whitney without the sniffin'
Dog your bitch look like Eddie Griffin
I'm three wheelin', keep the Chevy tippin'
Big bearded Buddha bangin' bitches in Bermuda
Barry Bonds, barracuda, Chattanooga
Back alley shooter, black Balley booter
Catch me jumpin' out the plane like a black puma
Stoned, pump Depeche Mode
Man all I see is red snow
Left my man with a headstone on Edgecombe
He was goin' for the glory in the end zone
Just another Saaab story cause the pen's cold
Am I gonna sell my soul? That depends, ho
Man the vehicle's a rental, speak gentle
Mink sweatsuit
Stab your father while he's pissin' in the men's room

[Hook: Party Supplies]
Only in America
Just can't seem to get you off of my mind
Only in America
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
Only in America
And I just can't seem to get you off my mind
The best things in life are free
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
Goin' nowhere, nowhere

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]
NYC what the fuck is goin' on?
These mothafuckas won't play my song
They sayin' that we soft, they sayin' that we fell off
They sayin' that these other fuckers better than us, you gotta be kiddin'
A bunch of pussies, when you piss, you gotta be sittin'
You tie your hair in a bun and shirt in a knot
You got the urge to suck the cock of Serge Ibaka
Pictures of naked rappers hangin' in your locker
You and your father never played catch, he taught you how to twerk
Since I've been on the Earth I've been lightin' up
And I've been all around the world twistin' dykes and purp
Shit, light the earth

[Hook]
Only in America
Just can't seem to get you off of my mind
Only in America
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
Only in America
And I just can't seem to get you off my mind
The best things in life are free
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
The best things in life are free
Goin' nowhere, nowhere
The best things in life are free
(Goin' nowhere)The best things in life are free
(All that seems we're goin' nowhere)
Only in America
Just can't seem to get you off of my mind
Only in America
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
Only in America
Just can't seem to get you off of my mind
The best things in life are free
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
All that seems we're goin' nowhere
The best things in life are free
Goin' nowhere
The best things in life are free
Nowhere
The best things in life are free
Free
Only in America!
Uh, uh, uh, WHAT!

[growls and barks]
Yo, C'MON!
Where my dogs at?! (Uh)
Uhh, where my dogs at?! (What!)
Uhh, where my dogs at?! (They not ready!)
C'mon! (This hip-hop)
Where my dogs at?!

You can try but I do fight, just can't seem to do right
Can't run with the big dogs, those jeans are too tight
I been doin this for too long, plus dog is too strong
Let you cats, bite me off the map, with a new song
Man you know you wrong, tryin that shit there
Yeah, a nigga went there, all you did was sit there
I've been rappin about 20 years and you 20 years old
X is back on the block, lookin to go gold
There's a new sheriff in town, just been re-elected
You ain't gotta like it but respect it, nigga check it!
I'ma get it in until the nigga wins with the dividends
Cause, we gon' walk the dogs, 'til the bitter end
You like, "Oh it's him again!" I knew that's how you felt

[sniff] Pussy! I knew that's how you smelled
All you cats do is play around, with your speech
Talkin 'bout, what you got, ain't air in the teeth
You can, put on a vest but, I'ma still stop ya
Cause I got a chopper that sound like a helicopter
And niggas really don't want me to pop the trunk
We gon' either chop or slump when I cock and dump
Whether the Glock or pump, cats ain't ready
Half from here to here, lookin like spaghetti
Pull out the machete, hack off the limbs
Bag up the pieces, wipe off the Timbs
Jump in the Benz, five cars deep
4 o'clock in the morning, riders still asleep
Shut shit down whenever we hit town
GIVE A NIGGA PASS! I lay my dick down
You can, bring out the best or, bring out the worst
You gon' bring out the worst, we gon' bring out the hearse
Niggas play poker, I play poke-her
Hit her from ear to ear make her smile like The Joker!

[Intro]
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Your man on the road, he doin' promo
You said, "Keep our business on the low-low"
I'm just tryna get you out the friend zone
'Cause you look even better than the photos
I can't find your house, send me the info
Drivin' through the gated residential
Found out I was comin', sent your friends home
Keep on tryna hide it, but your friends know

[Chorus]
I only call you when it's half-past five
The only time that I'll be by your side
I only love it when you touch me, not feel me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah
I only call you when it's half-past five
The only time I'd ever call you mine
I only love it when you touch me, not feel me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe

[Verse 2]
I'ma let you know and keep it simple
Tryna keep it up don't seem so simple
I just fucked two bitches 'fore I saw you
And you gon' have to do it at my tempo
Always tryna send me off to rehab
Drugs started feelin' like it's decaf
I'm just tryna live life for the moment
And all these motherfuckers want a relapse

[Chorus]
I only call you when it's half-past five
The only time that I'll be by your side
I only love it when you touch me, not feel me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah
I only call you when it's half-past five
The only time I'd ever call you mine
I only love it when you touch me, not feel me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe

[Bridge]
Hills have eyes, the hills have eyes
Who are you to judge? Who are you to judge?
Hide your lies, girl, hide your lies (Hide your lies, oh, baby)
Only you to trust, only you

[Chorus]
I only call you when it's half-past five
The only time that I'll be by your side
I only love it when you touch me, not feel me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah
I only call you when it's half-past five
The only time I'd ever call you mine
I only love it when you touch me, not feel me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me
When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe

[Outro]
Ewedihalehu
Yene konjo, ewedihalehu
Yene fikir, fikir, fikir, fikir
Yene fikir, fikir, fikir, fikir
Ewedihalehu
Yene konjo, ewedihalehu...
Ooh, ooh
Foxy, Foxy  (She's so foxy)

Ooh, ooh

[Ms. Hill] We need to drop
Foxy, Foxy

[Lauryn Hill]
Yo, we need a, yo, we need a drop right here
Yo, Who that there?
You the one hot this year
Run this here, yo, run this here
Hun this here
Who dat it duh done this here
Numbness here
Watch we gon' confirm this here
Learn this here
To whom it may concern this year
We firm this here
Your talk can’t turn this ear
We burn the fear
Who wanna throw stones this year?
Dem wan bruck up my home this year
Clone dis here
Now how we gon' condone this here
We grown this year
They think we all alone in here
My tone's sincere
I am microphone in here
We honing clear
Come to burn Rome this year
I own this here
Parasites are prone to smear
But I’m a burning spear
They cowards and they won't come near
They don’t compare
Frauds don't belong in here
Dem don’t have the ear
Dem broads won’t be back next year
Ooh, ooh
Foxy, foxy  (She's so foxy)

Ooh, ooh
Foxy, foxy

[Wyclef Jean]
Ain’t nowhere to go Foxy, but straight to the top
I ain’t rap 'cause I had writers block
I ain’t stop, just took time to rewrite the plot
Kept the audience in suspense like Alfred Hitchcock
Martin Luther had a dream, then he got shot
Malcolm X did a speech, then he got shot
But what happened to the days when CNN was Hip-Hop
Everybody scared to talk so they won’t get shot
Listen
So let me give it to you on the club level
Put up your hands and fling on the devil
And tell the DJ more bass, more treble
But beware of the haters cause Cain killed Abel
Permanent, permanent, permanent, permanent one
Automatic , automatic, automatic, automatic gun
Everything sounds the same you sound like your mens
Y’all doing songs with dead rappers trying’ to steal their fans
Come on man
Ooh, ooh
Foxy, foxy  (She's so foxy)

Ooh, ooh
Foxy, foxy

[Pras]
Foxy, what’s your pain
Foxy, what’s your pleasure
We’re pirates from the Caribbean snatchin' treasure
Matching my soul and ice, I’m cold and nice
Used to be number one now we permanent in Jesus Christ
Respect the Don Dada! I got a--
Six shots to that!
Ring around the collar
Million motherfuckers want to see me die
I got a million motherfuckers that’ll see you try

She's so foxy

[Lauryn Hill]
Right now?
Yo. I'm a﻿ black queen in a post modern paradigm
Beautiful, black, divine, supreme, from another time
Foxy as I wanna be
Copy if you wanna see
Hottie with the intellect!
I disappear then resurrect!
I spit and heal blind men
Can’t stop time, and I’m it without striving
My kiss can refine men
I’m complex like Fine Art
Don’t shoot shit for anyone
Your moot shit is simple tongue
I spit like a Tommy Gun
Alarming to make for
I'm so pure to Bayonne
From now on, don't call me out my name
It's Ms. Hill to everyone, everyone, everyone
Spoken with no regrets and that's just for right﻿ now
'Cause I didn't make them say EMPRESS yet
Hang like a Jackson Pollock
Enough truth to kill a college
Move with no apology
Prima Donna policy
Queen! I want equality
Careless if you're mad at me
Go vex with your savagery
I'm declaring my majesty
She's so foxy

Woah, so foxy now
Woah, woah  (Ooh, ooh)

Ooh, ooh
(She's so foxy)

Woah, so foxy now
Woah, woah  (Ooh, ooh)

Ooh, ooh
(She's so foxy)

[Hook]
I'm turned up now, I can’t turn round
I wish theres some way that I can turn back time
I’ve learned my lesson, I’ve served my time
I had so many turns, I lost so much time
I used to serve everybody now I'm a turn them down
So when ya turn come better turn up wise
Never turn my back, I can turn some round
And I can take a wrong turn  ‘cause I’m on my grind

[Verse 1]
I hope my momma pray everyday, I don’t got to prison
They say my little boy was deaf, but when I talk why he listen
I might buy me 50 bricks and just get back in the business
How I was raised you can’t come in, just can't come into the kitchen
Scooter signed with Gucci Mane, that was a better decision
I know Future mad but man, that shit there come with the business
I got so much money on me I can't hold up my britches
Georgia aquarium type of nigga man I fuck with them fishes
I don’t give a nigga one chance to fuck with my riches
And I can’t have no stylist round me, I don’t fuck with no sissies
And if you dissin’ me then diss me and be very specific
And I’m not dissin’ I’m just talking numbers, grams and statistics
Its Gucci

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Three time losers, known drug users
Active game bangers, man I run with shooters
Rolex watches, new Frank Muller’s
I bought a gold medusa belt, just to hold my trues up
Bad bitch in every city just to tie my shoes up
Don't bring your chick around me cus the bitch might choose up
I remember Big Cat tried to fuck my deal up
And if they give me 50 years, I'm still gone hold my chin up
So Icey Boys remember bitches used to fuck all ten of us
Ask Waka everything I said, I bet I held my end up
Remember black magic, I almost shot up 

[?]
When I used to sell dope to raise my rent up

[Hook]

[Produced by RandomBlackDude]

[Intro]
I acquire fame...
At naming hoes
That's what I did
I don't give a fuck, nigga
So why'd they evict you, bro?

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt & Da$h]
Feel this cage when that acid fade
Face the same, but your mind has changed
You desire a stable home, I acquire fame at naming hoes
Contemplating ways of getting dome
Plotting on my neighbors
Asking God for favors, guess He isn’t home
Probably 'cause that fucking faith, I didn't show
Skipping church, flip the work
Hit the dirt like Tommy Drummond, bitch
Grew up in a home that my papa wasn’t in
Came up off of work that my conscience wasn't in
Either way, it goes, a lot is getting hit
And if it wasn’t hoes, then it probably was a lick
Got burners on my soul, and my posse on my skin
Sweaty, D-A-Dolla, top lotto picks
Promise that I'm not the one to fucking plot against
Love him, but my father ain't my motherfucking friend
Trying to figure out how to start a motherfucking end
Huh, trend dodging, keep a bitch by me, bank roll
Garbage bag full of sins, cleanse my soul to rap still, nigga
Cash is in hand, packs get vac sealed, like the Tin Man
Cardiac still missing, is it past real, get it, work, make Guinness

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Don't know where I'm going, don't know where I been
Never trust these hoes, can't even trust my friends
Tell that bitch to roll up, you fucking with some grown ups
Don't know where I'm going, don't know where I been
Never trust these hoes, can't even trust my friends
Tell that bitch to roll up, you fucking with some grown ups

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt & Da$h]
My mama wonder why I never seem to reach her
See my daddy in the way I'm acting and my facial features
Just trying to put you on, dawg, I came from teachers
Take the plate and clean it, nigga, I'm a dog
Tell her "hit or miss me with the fucking monologue"
Lord, I can't fight it, know I'm tryna brawl
Get a copper hauled off, shit
I'm the type of nigga that you cop your raw off
Popping whores off
Grab the ball and these niggas call charge
Team switching jerseys like it's All Star
Press the OnStar, think we all lost

[Intro]
The word hurts, the word hurts
The word hurts, the word hurts
In water, in water
In water, in water
The word hurts, the word hurts
The word hurts, the word hurts
In water, in water
In water, in water
In water, in water
In water, in water

[Verse 1]
Material, slowly unwind as I leave feathers behind
For your love, for your lover to find
Warm hands wrapped in blue linen from Tuareg sands
For your love, for your lover to find
Wild rose, Jericho sun, arid as stone
For your love, for your lover to find
Aorta, tattoo the artery with acute artistry
For your love, for your lover to find

[Chorus]
Breathing, breathing underwater
Breathing, breathing underwater, ah
Bre-brea-breath you underwater

[Verse 2]
Pleasure, melting a snowflake of lace down your face
For your love, for your lover to find
I could call your demons inside, soak them in Camomile
For your love, for your lover to find

[Chorus]
Breathing, breathing underwater
Breathing, breathing underwater
I could bre-brea-breath you underwater

[Bridge]
To find
For your love, for your lover to find
For your love, for your lover to find
For your love, for your lover to find
For your love, for your lover to find
Bre-breathing underwater
Breathing underwater
Breathing underwater
Breathing underwater
For your love, for your lover, your love, for your love
For your love, for your lover, your love, for your love
For your love, for your lover, your love, for your love
For your love, for your lover, your love, for your love

[Outro]
For your love, for your lover
For your love, for your lover
For your love, for your lover
For your love, for your lover
I want you to breathe it in, I want you to breathe it in
I want you to breathe it in, I want you to breathe it in
The word hurts, the word hurts
The word hurts, the word hurts
In water, in water
In water, in water
The word hurts, the word hurts
The word hurts, the word hurts
In water, in water
In water, in water

[Excerpt from "Mortal Man"]

I remember you was conflicted
Misusing your influence
Sometimes I did the same
Abusing my power, full of resentment
Resentment that turned into a deep depression
Found myself screaming in the hotel room
I didn’t wanna self destruct
The evils of Lucy was all around me
So I went running for answers
Until I came home
But that didn’t stop survivor’s guilt
Going back and forth trying to convince myself the stripes I earned
Or maybe how A-1 my foundation was
But while my loved ones was fighting the continuous war back in the city, I was entering a new one
A war that was based on apartheid and discrimination
Made me wanna go back to the city and tell the homies what I learned
The word was respect
Just because you wore a different gang color than mine's
Doesn’t mean I can’t respect you as a black man
Forgetting all the pain and hurt we caused each other in these streets
If I respect you, we unify and stop the enemy from killing us
But I don’t know, I’m no mortal man, maybe I’m just another nigga
Hashtag I’m on my new shit
Hashtag leave me alone
Hashtag bitch let me do this
Hashtag clique all in my phone
I know she going through it
I know she in that zone
Just want to listen to music
Just want to be on her own, her own
You got too many friends to disappear on us girl
Let us know what’s going on
Stop staring at that Facebook wall and clear this up girl
And all she said was
Hashtag I’mma be ok
Hashtag I’m doing me
Hashtag let me get one day
Hashtag privacy please
Trying to be in my business
I call it how I see
Stop with the posting and you’ll get that privacy that you need
Cause you’ve been going in to 

[?]
You’ve got all of us worried about you
You’ve got something to say to us then say it girl
But she said never mind and left it at that
So I left it alone then she hopped in my lap then she hopped on the phone
And was like
Hashtag don’t care
Hashtag get a life
Hashtag stay over there
Hashtag and I was like

[Hook: T-Pain] (x2)
Wait a minute
Shit might take a minute
All my niggas go work, let it cook let it bake a minute
Swimming in the money, my crib got a lake up in it
Indoor pool, outdoor pool, all my bitches getting naked in it

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
I'm rich bitch, spend a milli make a milli
I need it all to come back I know I can't take it with me
But I don't give a fuck about that, if anybody trying to make it with me
Meet me in the mahfucking bus out back I got hoes and they shaking in it
Chopping on 'em put it in the bag first then make money
Chevrolet squatting on them put that bitch in reverse clean that for me]
Who that call the coppers on me I'm the boss I ain't done shit and my hands clean
The chopper get whopping on them, shit'll wake the neighborhood up like caffeine

[Hook](x2)

[Verse 2: OG Maco]
Wait a minute, let a youngin get a 60 seconds
Still with my niggas and we flexing
Snakes on my shoes like westerns
Sheesh, sheesh
Its like 

[?] with my every step
Payback but he never left

[?] you could use my help

[?] we still autotune it
Its the resurrection if it wasn't there
Dead presidents poking out the denim
They pissed me off now I'm shitting on them like they were toilets we've been working 

[?]

[Hook] (x4)
Mental Candy

[Chorus]
(Let me tell you what I know)
What I know is that stuff's gotta go
(Let me tell you what I know)
Watch me freak this flow yo, c'mon, yeah
(Let me tell you what I know)
What I know is that stuff's gotta go
(Let me tell you what I know)
Watch me freak this flow yo, and check it out now

[Verse 1]
When you become serious about your hip hop
Let me know when I freak a flow that shows you the way to go
Unlike others what they sayin' is irrelevant
While KRS-One appeals more to the intelligent
On January 30th, 1906
3000 Africans were killed by some bricks, they don't quit
British troops to be excact, is called the Bambatha Massacre
This took place in South Africa
May 4th, 1978, they still kill
7000 African men, women and children
Tell the world I told ya
This particular killing took place in Cassinga, Angola
But wait there's others
White democrats murdered 60 more African brothers
This took place in Louisiana
And it's called the Coushatta massacre - know your history

[Chorus w/ slight changes]

[Verse 2]
I resemble the herbal when I'm in your mental
I go ungentle, never beginning or ending like a circle
Purple raised emmenagogue from my meditation state
You nift your consciousness when you lift my tape
I'm givin' you these dates tough you'd hate
But to evaluate your own mental state
You're gettin' older not younger
The system keeps you under
Concentrate on living this summer
Check it: 1963, the 15th of September
Four girls are bombed by the KKK
Remember, August 26, 1874
16 Africans are lynched in Tennessee, want some more?
May 14th, 1970
Police killed two African students at Jackson State University
And injured fourteen others
For years America been killing us - sisters, brothers

[Chorus w/ slight changes & Diamond D solo]

[Verse 3]
Give me lyrical skills that build or give me death
When these rappers are out of breath I have two hours worth of rhymes left
You can kill a man by taking him out his land
And putting him in the land he doesn't understand
They teach him to respect Greek mythology
Like Pythagoras, Ptolomies, Socrates
These people are thieves
They stole astronomy, mathematics, all tactics of biology
Even the concept of democracy, stolen from the king Akhenaten
Now logically look, put down the book, use your brain
If you don't know who you are, you are clinically insane
The board of education can't see that
To they deserve to get beaten and robbed by black
Give me my frame of mind back, give me my culture
But they don't understand that because they suckers

[Chorus w/ slight changes]

[Verse 1]
Baby, I can't figure it out
Your kisses taste like honey
Sweet lies don't gimme no rise
Oh, oh what you're trying to do?

Livin' on your cheatin'
And the pain grows inside me
It's enough to leave me crying in the rain
Love you forever but you're
Driving me insane
And I'm hanging on
Oh, oh, I'll win, I'll never give in

Our love has got the power
Too many lovers in one lifetime
Ain't good for you
You treat me like a vision in the night
Someone there to stand behind you
When your world ain't working right
I ain't no vision, I am the man
Who loves you inside and out
Backwards and forwards with
My heart hanging out
I love no other way

What am I gonna do if we lose that fire?
Wrap myself up and take me home again
Too many heartaches in one
Lifetime ain't good for me
I figure it's the love that keeps you warm

Let this moment be forever
We won't ever feel the storm
I ain't no vision, I am the man
Who loves you inside and out
Backwards and forwards with
My heart hanging out

I love no other way
What am I gonna do if we lose that fire?
Don't try to tell me it's all over
I can't hear a word I can't hear a line
No man could love you more
And that's what I'm cryin' for
You can't change the way I feel inside
You're the reason for my laughter and my sorrow
Blow out the candle I will burn again tomorrow
No man on earth can stand
Between my love and I
And no matter how you hurt me
I will love you till I die

[Outro]
I ain't no vision, I am the man
Who loves you inside and out
Backwards and forwards with
My heart hanging out
I love no other way
What am I gonna do if we lose that fire?

Loves you inside and out
Backwards and forwards with
My heart hanging out
I love no other way
What am I gonna do if we lose that fire?

Loves you inside and out
Backwards and forwards with
My heart hanging out
I love no other way
What am I gonna do if we lose that fire?

[Hook x2]
Don’t nothing move but the money (x2)
She twerking that thang for the money
She making it work for the money

[Verse 1]
She making it work for the money
I pull up to the club I got all this money on me uh
Gold bottles of that ace spade
I can do this shit every day
She making it work for the money
I like the way that she twerking up on me
Drop it down
I’m the man in the city
I’m the man in the city
Come and kick it with me
Pull up, I’m just flexin’ on the regular
Rich gang, you know we get money on the regular
Rich gang got the bad bitches on my schedule
She twerking and she twerking tryin’ to get that fucking money, boy

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2]
Baby is you down?
Baby is you fucking with me?
Keep it on the low, ain’t nobody fuckin’ with me
These girls ain’t loyal and everybody know it
Got 100,000 dollars, and now I’m ’bout to blow it
She twerkin’ it, she twerkin’
She twerkin’ it and she working and I like it
And I pull up she can’t fight it
I’m swaggin’ and she likes it
And she lookin’ at my diamonds
Yeah I’m icy and I’m icy yeah
I can't sleep, I can't walk
I can't breathe, I can't talk
Count 100 thousand this morning
In the booth from the night to the morning
Aye

[Hook x2]

[Verse 1 : Usher]
She built a bridge out of her own insecurities
No one was brave enough to cross except for me, here I am, yeah
She built a castle from the piece she took from me
I'm going crazy, think she brought out the worst in me
Here I am, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Usher]
Guess the price was the fall if I get up
'Cause the strong will survive, that don't give up
Where she fell in love, her heart is resting now
Six feet underground

[Chorus: Usher]
Oh, she feels stupid loving me for me, yeah
And I'm the fool who falls too easily
We all fall down sometimes, we all fall down sometimes
So why can't I? Hey, oh, so why can't I?

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
You gotta go I know the time waits for no man
Don't say your words unspoken, girl, I overstand, here I am
What do we mean? Some questions don't have an answer
Two out of three made me a believer, here I am, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
Guess the price was the fall if I get up
'Cause the strong will survive, that don't give up
Where she fell in love, her heart is resting now
Six feet underground

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Oh, she feels stupid loving me for me, yeah
And I'm the fool who falls too easily
We all fall down sometimes, girl, we all fall down sometimes
So why can't I? Hey, so why can't I?

[Instrumental break]

[Chorus: Usher & Chris Brown]
Oh, she feels stupid loving me for me, oh yeah
And I'm the fool who falls too easily
We all fall down sometimes, we all fall down sometimes
So why can't I? Hey, oh so why can't I?

[Verse]
I know this girl, her name is Lily
And it's past her bed-T-I-M-E
She goes to sleep and she can just dream
And not have to be in a stinky trailer with me
So when I feel blue, don't know what to do
I look at you, and I just say- *pfft*

[Bridge: Shanell]
That nigga got a lot of money
To spend it on me
I'm a rich man's fantasy, a poor man's dream
Got a lot of money
To spend it on me
I'm a rich man's fantasy, a poor man's dream

[Hook: Gucci Mane x2]
You know you gotta nigga gotta check
But I ain't gon' let this bitches disrespect you baby
Diamonds 'round my motherfucking neck
But never let these hoes upset you baby

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
You know I told you when I told you cause an OG' was a soldier
She only date older niggas, she bought herself a 

[?]
I'm a boss 

[?] was so smooth how I approached it

[?]
And I'm not the type to get on my knee and 

[?]
Do you wanna 

[?] over Rolls Royce cause we the 

[?]
I'm in the hood, I'm serving good, I have hoes 

[?]
So you be start listening to these hoes before I be walking out the door
I live my life on the 

[?]
Turn a nice girl to a hoe
Somebody stope me, keep 

[?] shot me and my pockets is to 

[?]
Rollie on my wrist is rocking like the fucking rocky mountains

[?]

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Shanell]
Keep that shit a hundred
Keep that shit a hundred
Ain't no gold digger, I just wanna spending money
Make these normal bitches 

[?]
I can show you something, show you how to run your company
A lot of niggas want me, a lot of bitches want me
The type of chick you be proud to wake up with in the morning
And I don't fuck with lames, them type of niggas be borring
And I ain't got time to date you niggas, I'm to busy touring
A super duper bad bitch I pull up in a foreign
I'm running in the Mr. 

[?]

[?]

[Hook x2]

[Bridge]
That bed that I lay on is narrow and cold
This sickness inside me tears at my soul
And the devil awaits me, he calls me his son
For he knows I'm cornered and too weak to run

For I soon must return to my gutter of thrills
Where joy is the needle or a bottle of pills
Where a man welcomes misery like an old friend from home
That he uses and abuses till the misery is gone

My mind's filled with torture my body's in pain
But the needle is warm as it sinks in my vein
Just a matter of seconds then my mind will be free
From the coldness and darkness that dominate me

But the freedom is short lived and then I'm alone
I must find the pusher but my money's all gone
Then the cycle of horror starts over once more
Oh God, let me suffer this misery no more

[Verse 1]
All alone, she was livin'
In a world without an end or beginnin'
Baby girl was livin' life for the feelin'
But I don't mind, I don't mind, oh
And all the wrongs she committed
She was numb and she was so co-dependent
She was young and all she had was the city
But I don't mind, I don't mind

[Pre-Chorus]
And I know (Know)
That she's capable of anything, it's riveting
But when (When)
You wake up, she's always gone, gone, gone, oh

[Chorus]
In the night, she hears him calling
In the night, she's dancin' to relieve the pain
She'll never walk away
I don't think you understand
In the night, when she comes crawlin'
Dollar bills and tears keep fallin' down her face
She'll never walk away
I don't think you understand

[Verse 2]
He sang a song when he did it
He was cold and he was so unforgiving
Now she dances to the song on the minute
Yeah, all the time (All the time), all the time (All the time), oh
It make her weak when she hear it
And it got her on her knees like religion
She was young and she was forced to be a woman
Yeah, all the time (All the time), all the time (All the time)

[Pre-Chorus]
And I know (Know)
That she's capable of anything, it's riveting
But when (When)
You wake up, she's always gone, gone, gone, oh

[Chorus]
In the night, she hears him calling
In the night, she's dancin' to relieve the pain
She'll never walk away
I don't think you understand
In the night, when she comes crawlin' (Yeah)
Dollar bills and tears keep fallin' down her face (Fallin' down her face)
She'll never walk away
I don't think you understand

[Bridge]
Oh, baby
I don't think you understand (Woo)
I don't think you understand (Ohh)
I don't think you understand
Oh, no, no, no
I don't think you understand (Hey)

[Chorus]
In the night, she hears him calling (Yeah)
In the night, she's dancin' to relieve the pain (To relieve the pain)
She'll never walk away (No-no-no-no-no)
I don't think you understand (Hey)
In the night, when she comes crawlin' (Ooh)
Dollar bills and tears keep fallin' down her face (It's fallin' down her face)
She'll never walk away
I don't think you understand

[Produced by Max Martin]

[Verse 1]
And I know she'll be the death of me
At least we'll both be numb
And she'll always get the best of me
The worst is yet to come
But at least we'll both be beautiful and stay forever young
This I know, yeah, this I know

[Pre-Chorus]
She told me, "Don't worry about it"
She told me, "Don't worry no more"
We both know we can't go without it
She told me, "You'll never be alone", oh, oh, woo

[Chorus]
I can't feel my face when I'm with you
But I love it, but I love it, oh
I can't feel my face when I'm with you
But I love it, but I love it, oh

[Verse 2]
And I know she'll be the death of me
At least we'll both be numb
And she'll always get the best of me
The worst is yet to come
All the misery was necessary when we're deep in love
This I know (This I know), girl, I know

[Pre-Chorus]
She told me, "Don't worry about it"
She told me, "Don't worry no more"
We both know we can't go without it
She told me, "You'll never be alone", oh, oh, woo

[Chorus]
I can't feel my face when I'm with you
But I love it, but I love it, oh
I can't feel my face when I'm with you (I can't feel my face)
But I love it, but I love it, oh (But I love it)
I can't feel my face when I'm with you (I can't feel my face when I'm with you)
But I love it, but I love it, oh (But I love it, but I love it)
I can't feel my face when I'm with you (I can't feel my face when I'm with you)
But I love it, but I love it, oh (But I love it, but I love it)

[Pre-Chorus]
She told me, "Don't worry about it"
She told me, "Don't worry no more"
We both know we can't go without it
She told me, "You'll never be alone", oh, oh, woo

[Chorus]
I can't feel my face when I'm with you (I can't feel my face)
But I love it, but I love it, oh (But I love it, oh, I love it)
I can't feel my face when I'm with you (Said, I can't feel my face)
But I love it, but I love it, oh (But I love it, but I love it)
I can't feel my face when I'm with you (I can't feel my face when I'm with you)
But I love it, but I love it, oh (But I love it)
I can't feel my face when I'm with you (I can't feel my face when I'm with you)
But I love it, but I love it, oh (When I'm with you, baby, when I'm with you, baby)

[Outro]
Hey!

[Verse 1: The Weeknd]
You bring good to my lonely life, honestly (Honestly)
It's hard for me to look into your eyes
When I say (I say) that I would be nothing without your love ('Out your love)
I feel the rush and it's amazing

[Pre-Chorus: The Weeknd]
Maybe I've been always destined to end up in this place (Up in this place), yeah
I don't mean to come off selfish, but I want it all (I want it all)
Love will always be a lesson, let's get out of its way (Out of its way)
'Cause I know (Ooh, yeah), all I know (Ooh, yeah), all I know (Ooh, yeah)

[Chorus: The Weeknd & Lana Del Rey]
I'm a prisoner to my addiction
I'm addicted to a life that's so empty and so cold
I'm a prisoner to my decisions
Woooo, woooo, woooo

[Verse 2: Lana Del Rey & The Weeknd]
(Ah-ah)
I think I've been in Hollywood for too long (For too long)
'Cause I can feel my soul burning, feel it burning slow
But I would be nothing without the touch (Out the touch)
I feel the rush and it's amazing, hmm

[Pre-Chorus: Lana Del Rey & The Weeknd]
Maybe I've been always destined to end up in this place
I don't mean to come off selfish, but I want it all (Want it all)
Love will always be a lesson, let's get out of its way (Out of its way)
'Cause I know (Ooh, yeah), all I know (Ooh, yeah), all I know (Ooh ,yeah)

[Chorus: The Weeknd & Lana Del Rey, The Weeknd]
I'm a prisoner to my addiction
I'm addicted to a life that's so empty and so cold
I'm a prisoner to my decisions
Woooo, woooo, woooo (Ohh)
I'm a prisoner to my addiction
I'm addicted to a life that's so empty and so cold (Empty and so cold)
I'm a prisoner to my decisions
Woooo, woooo, woooo

[Outro: Lana Del Rey]
I don't know
I get so wrapped up in a world where nothing's as it seems
And real life is stranger than my dreams

[Intro]
Yeah man, you know what I’m saying?
Already
You crazy for this one!

[Verse]
Fresh out the belly of the island into the heart of the city
T and them just hit the road, I had Sage and Nak and 'em with me
I thought the fauna was pretty, so I approached her (I did)
My first apartment was really covered with roaches
'Cause niggas was really smoking
Gotta say that, as of late, I been busy with business, mostly
Got a tape? Catch a wave, now you in the industry ocean
Missing out on your boat
I been figuring out my own fish, home gets distant
We working, I'm on the road again
Cold and the spirits is bursting up out the Trojan, man
Fridge full of spirits in the crib
Mirror, mirror, let me hear why the niggas that's the peers see and hear us
Then mimic the fucking motions, man
Keep the circle close, let them niggas front in the cul-de-sacs
Friendly with the chosen, the rest is getting the poker hand
Face-drinking smoker, it help me duck when emotion jab
Fame is the culprit who give me drugs without owing cash

[Hook]
Sipping 'til I melt, Devil trying me, I'm dodging
Falling victim to myself, middle finger to the help
When it's problems, I don't holler, rather fix 'em on myself
When it's looking like it's quiet for you, this the shit to yell
This the shit, right (Yup), keep your chin high up
Cause when she ain't fucking with you then her friend might
Let you get up inside (Yup), let this shit ride (Yup)
You don't get it rocking like we do on this side, nigga

[Outro]
Ayy
Ayy
I blow a spliff before the ink dries on the paper (Yup)
And lately, I don't like shit, I been inside on the daily, daily

[Part 1: AM]

[Verse 1: Wiki]
Nineteen, still gettin' kicked out the crib
Ripped off my bib, spit out my food, hiccup and piss
Urine burning, I could smell the liquor in this
Cats always tryna pick up the fist—"Duff this dude out"
Rappers stoop just to get to your crib
Now, it's like bruised face, loose walk, too sauced
Distraught thoughts on my corpse on the asphalt
Back when I’d slack off, rock my slacks of my ass half-off
Every time I rap, I blast off
Back when I catch court I always had sports
Dipping on cops in my track shorts
So tell my mom, I had to make it right
I lie every night about the limelight so I could lie at night
And tell my pops, I gotta take advice
Keep my head screwed on tight, abuse these mics
See me, I’m the contusion type
A cat to smack the mic against my fuckin' head when I'm losing hype
RATKING, never losing hype, no
Smack king, and I do it right, no
RATKING, yeah, I do it nice, whoa

[Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt]
Bitch, I skated before I rapped
If you take me before your captain, bet 20 hots on your daddy
That someone could 'Nolia Clap him, probably cold and passive
'Cause Pops was the one that got to me, feeling down like he passed it
And when I'm cornered, it's action, I was kinda out the game
Mama put the quarter right back in the slot
In '09, we took the 7 to the Dussy 17 to the block
Bitch, if your nigga had Supreme, we was the reason he copped it
And nowadays, I'm on the hunt for mirrors to box with
And some pretty bitches that ain't trip if it's a hit-and-run
I got to go, 'cause I don't do the crying, bro
She Mario, I'm tryna keep the whining to a minimum
Piggies come, bet I'm splitting quicker than I finish rum
Find me some indica
Nuggets on my fingers and my shirt like they was chicken crumbs
The room spinning, finna 'yack if I don't hit the blunt
Got the chin wagging
Slim chances of me getting up after this
Mind in the trash next to where my fucking passion went
Dodge fanatics, half a Xanax when I'm traveling
Six hours or more, brick out on the tour
Got kicked out of the morgue, spit cattle manure shit
Shit, rally the Horsemen, tally the corpses

[Part 2: Radio]

[Instrumental]

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
Intercepting a fifth of whisky and necking it 'til I'm dizzy
I never was defenseless, I never hugged the fence
I pick a side and trust in it, stomach full of drugs and shit
My niggas on some other, Cleanse  Sunday, binge Monday
Then another six days, back to Sunday when it's done again (Shit)
And the pants better be creased on my corpse
If you need that, run until the streetlights off
Back got bigger, got the team strapped on
And you thought it was magic, but that's just the difference
Nigga, my team is magicians
We think of the shit that we want then we get it
Look, I got hoes in my britches
Big-up Dill and Britches, full part coming soon
Thought you knew this, my nigga
It's crackin' like french tips
Just checking and balancing
Checks and the salaries testing my friendships
'Cause niggas get sour of this
Rap shit got the best of me
I threw the rest off the balcony
Shout out Da$H and RetcHy
I know your bitch check for me, so much for chivalry
So long to every bitch tryna get intimate
I'm in my twenties now
Feet aimed at the jaws of the running mouth
Disdain for the law since a fucking child
Spotlights on me, I ain't stopping in my tracks
We taking it all, then we running out
Threw shade in the past, but you love me now, huh?
Put your face in your palm when I come around you
Tell Mama get a gun if I get too popular
I'm just being honest with her
Tell her stop whining, it ain't no more problems
I'm the best out of all these niggas
Watch your tone when you speaking (Yeah)
Ain't no home for the weak
And no rest for your ass if I know that you're sleeping
I'm here and I'm there and I'm up and I'm down
And I'm low and I'm peaking (Yup)
It's cold in the deep end (Yup)
(I'm low and I'm creeping)

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt]
Bitch nigga, we the train, if you see 'em wave
Ain't no bitch in my DNA
Bitch nigga, we the train, if you see 'em wave
Ain't no bitch in my DNA

[Verse 2: Na'kel]
Hundred blunts, niggas change, that's my day to day
Niggas tryna ride my train like they fucking strays
My bro left today, fuck
Hot sauce in my cup of noodles; you taught me that
I ain't seen you in some years
And this news right here almost made me have a heart attack
Your mama heart intact
We just spoke, I couldn't stomach that
I'm going to London on the first
I'm bringing you something back
A house on the hill with a big-ass grill
Where we could have a boxing match
Japan, Australia, I know you'd be proud of that
I got a couple bitches now, I ain't gotta lie 'bout that
I know you in a better place; I can't even cry about that
When I look into the clouds, I know you look down on me
Right next to grandmammy
And the rest of the ones who wanna see me happy
Part 1, Spring is Alive

Refrain

Spring is alive in Carolina
Deep in the forest where the foxfire glows
High on a mountain, down in a holler
Thunder and lightnin' so it goes

Verse 1
Over a hundred years ago we came to Carolina
Far across the water, it's a long hard road
With little more than courage
We came seeking independence
A little less than nothin' is a heavy load

Verse 2
From the heather to the highlands
We have found the Smoky Mountains
Hard work and simple ways
And life is good, life is good
Refrain

Spring is alive in Carolina
Deep in the forest where the foxfire glows
High on a mountain, down in a holler
Thunder and lightnin' so it goes

Part 2, You Are

Verse 3
You are every mornin' sunrise
You are every rain
You are every peal of laughter
You are every cry of pain

Verse 4
You are all the summer flowers
You are all the falling leaves
You are everyone rejoicin'
You are everyone who grieves

Verse 5
You are all my unknown secrets
You are all my hidden fears
You are known in lover's kisses
You are seen in childhood tears
Verse 6
You are where the stars are shinin'
You are where the rainbow ends
You are why the war is over
You are how the peace begins

Part 3 Whisper the Wind

Verse 7
Whisper the wind over the water
Whisper the wind all through the night
Whisper the wind along the canyon
Whisper the wind into the light

Verse 8
Whisper the wind brothers and sisters
Whisper the wind all the same
Whisper the wind love one another
Whisper the wind your precious name

Part 4 Spring is Alive (Reprise)

Spring is alive in Carolina
Deep in the forest where the foxfire glows
High on a mountain, down in a holler
Thunder and lightnin' so it goes
Spring is alive in Carolina
Deep in the forest where the foxfire glows
High on a mountain, down in a holler
Thunder and lightnin' so it goes, so it goes

[Intro]
Run, run, run, run...
Will you stay or will you run
When you looking at this

[Chorus]
I know you young but are you looking at this
I know you got dumb but are you looking at this
Your day is gonna come when you looking at this
Will you stay or will you run when you looking at this

[Verse 1]
You cannot see we now free, we get cassette back
So everytime I get the microphone I gotta bless that
Everytime I speak the truth they hopin' you forget that
9/11 truth got proof, you know we rep that
The war was started on a lie - did you forget that?
Politics is all about money and we accept that
Voting is like joking with rights we'll never get back
This a different type of rap of what you might've guessed eh?
Fresh rap - put it on your tongue, man, test that
People always askin' and passin' where KRS at
I be teachin', preachin' and speakin' a little less rap
Educators, straight from the pavement, me nah gon' left that

[Chorus] x2

[Verse 2]
Too many rappers talkin' 'bout now they the best at
While KRS-One is at levels they'll never get at
Beat bitin', fakin' the funk - dudes respect that?
All these lies hitting your head, right where you rest at
They take your mind off the truth and put it where the sex at
Now these rappers doing R&B - forget that
In the game I'm bright, I'm skipped twice, they left that
Cash - I don't stress that, the stage is where I'm fresh at
Cats want cars but don't know where East or West at
Steering themselves right into where the stress at
Their own words got 'em sick and right there where the mess at
Talking like demons but wanting God to bless that
Take a minute, step that
Think a minute, digest that
It's not every day a teacher speaks and you get that
Down goes the devil - ra-ta-ta-ta-ta
The American presidency is for sale and you can check that
You think one man, one vote really elects that
News with views? Where's the free press at
Don't let 'em take your mind and put it where the rest at
Edutainers, straight from the pavement, me nah gon' left that

[Chorus]

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
They say a cat got nine lives, but a young nigga got one of em'
Little girl just killed herself cause little kids make fun of her
My homeboy was getting money his plug used to sell a ton on him
Some of the niggas used to run with me be the same niggas you run from
Some of these niggas still richer than me
Some of these niggas got bigger than me
Some of these niggas 

[?]
What a better position for a nigga to be
Some of these niggas still down with me
Some can't even come around to see
Some of these niggas be doubting me
When they know they should be crowning me
Real street nigga, real Kingpin nigga
Got two, three, four, five families
So much dope in the city feel like i ain't give a nigga like a gram a piece
Let me rephrase that, a gram for free
The apple don't fall far from the tree
What's a stripper bitch to a nigga like me
When a half a brick nigga will whip it up free

[Hook]
My hood polluted, my mind polluted
If I pull that pistol out my nigga i'm a shoot it
My hood polluted, my mind polluted
If you pull that pistol out my nigga you better use it
My hood polluted, my mind polluted
If I pull that pistol out my nigga i'm a shoot it
My hood polluted, my mind polluted
If you pull that pistol out my nigga you better use it

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
My hood polluted, my hood confusing
My young niggas ridin' round with sawed-offs AK's, AR's and Uzi's
Ain't no pick and choosing
You know how we do it
We pull up four deep in a highbar shoot everything that's moving
Last night we got into it
Pussy ass nigga shot up my Buick
Broke in my house and you stole my music
Now you dealing with embalming fluid
Sorry to tell you you're man's not moving
Chopped off his head now his forehead's moving
Ten out of ten bitch your boy ain't snoozing
Got a Mac 10 and I just might use it
Time after time gotta show these niggas
That the Gucci Mane just don't make good music
Talkin' all out what point you proving
Why you getting mad cause your girlfriend choosing
I be constantly be crossing the country
These niggas constantly trying to prove this shit
I'm callin' my partner to bring my choppa
I told 'em to bring me that new stick

[Hook]
My hood polluted, my mind polluted
If I pull that pistol out my nigga i'm a shoot it
My hood polluted, my mind polluted
If you pull that pistol out my nigga you better use it

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
It's Santa Claus on my boxers, Golf Wang, that next season
Turned down a few offers, label checks keep the neck freezing
Little Timmy get the flex pardon, tipped off in that beer garden
I am that nigga, you are that nigga we fear hardly
Storefront cause that shit poppin', OF and your bitch 'bout it
Tell the ho that I'll kiss proper then take her she get posse like
When I'm lit, nigga get cocky, love trees like Mitt Romney
Hundred deep so don't get bodied
That's a hundred deep so don't get by me
Nigga, fuck with me, I do that, hit the Grammys in a do-rag
She 

[?] for the CEO, that's Flog Gnaw, watch ya knees, ho

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt & Na'kel Smith]
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too

[Verse 2: Na'kel Smith]
My shirt tucked into my trousers, we not goons, guns, we got 'em
I conceal tho, I am not a felon, y'all niggas rap bout it but I model
American boy, American boy If you’re wondering who shot him
Testino and Bruce Webber hoe, if he skates ya block then I’ll rob it
Like fuck rap 

[?] and 

[?] I don't give a fuck, that nigga darkskin
Then a 28 Y'all niggas talk skate, but I’m really ‘bout it
But I don't really though, I need a fuck, nigga I wear 

[?]

[?] Fuck niggas, suck it up then get it hoe
Fuck this rappin' shit, i just went pro like Mikey Alfred
Red beam leave his spleen leaking, Trashwang, nigga we creepin'!
Trashwang, nigga we creepin'! Trashwang, nigga we creepin'!
Trashwang, nigga we creepin'! Trashwang, nigga we creepin'!

[Hook: Earl Sweatshirt & Na'kel Smith]
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too
If that's on you, then that's on me too

[Intro]
Mic check, 1 2
I'm just going to get right to it
Luda!

[Verse 1]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me when it come to getting lyrical
Murdering the rapper and killing beats nigga
I'm cinematic making everybody panic
I be bustin' like a fully automatic feel the heat nigga!
We can battle in the Phantom in Atlanta the rover in Minnesota or the Arizona streets nigga
They sayin' all these offensive lines I snapback it's the quarterback sneak nigga!
One time for the sneak dissers Ol' puss ass fuckboys say my name!
Anybody coming at me know I never back down killing a rapper is my claim to fame!
You lame
And my flow is what expose in these hoes even on a nigga worst day
They say Luda don't want it no mo'
No nigga I'm as hungry as the first day
What you want how you want it you can get I'm the definition of a real g from the south side
The crime scene be the studio get the yellow tape and the chalk and I'm leaving everybody outline
I'm all about mine
Getting paid getting laid getting clothes getting hoes getting green back
Used be like everybody is a lil kid now Big Boy,  outcast like three stacks
Laying all it in the Cadillac with a red bone giving me dome my music on with the seats back
Ludacris this is album number 8 and my pockets gonna be straight
Even if a nigga leak that
Timmy all up on the David Banner track with Janet Jack in the back like "Damn Luda freak that!"
Break it down like you dropping to the ground but we like the 808 in Atlanta so bring the beat back
Sample had to eat that
Couldn't control alt or delete that
But put any other rapper on the track and I guarantee they'll never know how to treat that
I'm a boss I'm a king I'm a legend Imma drill it in your head till you doze off
And I just so happen to be the type of rapper that make your women want to take her clothes off
So let's get to the action
Let's get to the show
I'm been getting to the Forbes list six year straight let's get to the do'
Shout out to the Luda Nation
All my fans just got live
And they waitin' for everybody to put me in the rapper category of ya top five

[Instrumental Bridge]

Let me get it back

[Verse 2]
Ever since I
Came in the game it ain't never been the same
Can't nobody do it like me
Is it ever gonna be another Luda you know that'll never happen that's highly unlikely
Knowing that I'm better than everybody you put me up against I'm in the hall of fame
So fuck call to call we can go bar for bar I'll put your name up on the wall of shame
And everyday is the same thing
Looking for another way for me to make paper
I think it's time for every single rapper to go to church
Whoever is my opponent you better pray first
They like "Luda why you rapping so fast?"
I'm like "Bitch why you listen too slow?"
I'm the truth in the booth and they can't keep up hardly cause I always hit em with a new flow
And the two door with the coup low with the Hublot off the window with the two low blades from the top like judo listening to bruno on the way to school though getting kudos from a few hoes and they from the choose though
Cuz I'm numero uno and the crew know it's a couple loop holes when it come to fluke hoes cuz some of they pussy bite like Cujo
But back to the you know who
I can't stop till you tell me I'm the greatest
If you need a reminder then put the whole song on repeat and continue to play this
Better turn your stereo louder
Listen up and let me preach
And let's get arrested for disturbing the peace

[Outro]

[Verse 1]
Yeah
Did some movies and started missing this rap shit
Back to rap and starting missing them movies
Left these hoes to settle down with just one chick
Get with one chick started missing them groupies
Stop drinking for a year and I was all sober
Next year I got drunk and did it all over
Yesterday I quit smoking and swore I had enough
Till I smelt it in the club and had to take a puff
I got rich and learned life was a bitch
Now everybody's after all of my ends
(Get yo hand out my pocket!)
When I was broke all love from my folks
But nowadays I'm losing all of my friends let the story begin

[Hook]
The grass is always greener on the other side
Always searching for another high
The grass is always greener on the other side
Caterpillar to a butterfly
The grass is always greener on the other side
Always searching for another high
The grass is always greener on the other side
Caterpillar to a butterfly
Bye bye butterfly
Fly away
Bye bye butterfly
Fly away

[Verse 2]
Yeah
Start exercising and winning got me a six pack
Was eating healthy and did away with the junk
Then I got lazy and started to wanna kick back
My six pack reverted back to a gut
When I'm at the crib I'm mad I'm not at the club lit
When I'm at the club I'm mad I'm not at the crib
I used to be out partying every damn night
Now sometimes I'd rather be with my kids
I got checks gained a lot of respect now everywhere I go they holla my name (Luda!)
But sometimes wish that I was disguised for peace of mind over fortune and fame
Guess what I'm really saying is

[Hook]
The grass is always greener on the other side
Always searching for another high
The grass is always greener on the other side
Caterpillar to a butterfly
The grass is always greener on the other side
Always searching for another high
The grass is always greener on the other side
Caterpillar to a butterfly
Bye bye butterfly
Fly away
Bye bye butterfly
Fly away

[Verse 3]
Yeah
Last year got the Ferrari that I always wanted
Drove it crazy got sick of it had to trade (Give me my Ac'!)
All my fans convinced me to grow my hair back
Grew it back then started missing my fade
I got hits start trippin' I wasn't underground
Got underground start trippin' I need hits (We outta here!)
When you down and people give you the runaround
But feels great to know who really gives a shit
You cut the grass and the snakes will show
And know your neighbor's fertilizer is fake (Don't let it fool ya!)
We always searching for what we never had
Always ignoring what's in front of our face
We've been conditioned to think

[Hook]
The grass is always greener on the other side
Always searching for another high
The grass is always greener on the other side
Caterpillar to a butterfly
The grass is always greener on the other side
Always searching for another high
The grass is always greener on the other side
Caterpillar to a butterfly
Bye bye butterfly
Fly away
Bye bye butterfly
Fly away

[Intro]
Hey Bob! Get in here, man! Your sets ready, man!
You're going live in 5, 4, 3, 2-!

[Announcer:] "Ladies and gentleman, you are at 

[?] Cafe, and who you have coming to the stage is none other than B.o.B!"

[Audience:] ("B-o who?" "What?" "Who's that?" "Who the fuck is that?" "I don't know who that it is.." "What's B.o.B"")

[B.o.B:] "Aha, I mean.. Ha.. See, I ain't really got shit to say, but look.. How y'all doing to night?"

[Audience:] ("Nobody care what you got to say, nigga!" "Nigga say something!" "Boo!" "Boo nigga.." "Don't nobody fuck with that nigga music, don't nobody fuck with that nigga lyrics!" "Boo!" "Get off the stage.." "Fuck you nigga, get of the stage!" "Don't nobody give a damn! Ah.. shit" "Nobody give a damn!" "Lame-ass nigga! Hoe-ass nigga, dawg! Fuck that nigga!")

[B.o.B:] "I got a little song, wrote it on the way over here, but check it out.."

[Hook]
I know I'm left field to you, field to you, field to you
But don't it sound so real to you, real to you, real to you
Tell me how it feel to you, feel to you, feel to you
Now don't it feel lovely? (Aha, aha) (Don't it feel lovely?)
Now don't it sound lovely? (Now don't it sound lovely?)

[Verse 1]
I agree
I'm playing at the left
Was raised up in Decatur, so I'm straight up out the deck
And G.A. is all I rep, so they say that I'm obsessed
I grew up in the struggle so maybe I'm depressed
But being in the struggle is what gave me my success
This ain't your imagination, I ain't fakin it unless
I don't mean what I say, but what I say is what I stress
And I ain't really Catholic but, daily, I confess
I ain't a Christian rapper or a civil activist
But everybody feel me cause I say the realist shit
I see why haters get all mad, I don't brag
So here's what I got to offer:
Words of wisdom so that you can get your money taller

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I'm lovely like the left field
I know I ain't around, shorty, but I rep still
Don't get to thinking that I'm different, because a record deal
Turning Hollywood, come on - is that real?
And still, I got alot of agony and stress on my chest
Cause the world ain't right, so I gotta come left
I'm a keep it one hunnid till the day that I rest
So take a deep breath, I guess

[Hook]

[Hook]
Everybody wants the fortune and fame
The more things change , the more they stay the same
This industry is like a crack game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
This industry is like a crap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game

[Verse 1]
Where do I begin
Well, the industry shady not everybody is your friend
I had to learn that shit the hard way
In and out bogus contracts since before i was rapping in the hallway
Everyone out for money, executives out for blood
If you don't keep the music current then labels'll pull the plug (Get it)
Hard to admit when shit don't go the way you plan
While everybody's on Instagram just fronting like life is grand
Take it back to one of my first tours
Fuckin' everything movin' thinkin' groupies will never do nothing back to us
Kick 'em out the hotel swearing i hit my finer things
Lost a bunch of jewelry from a Rolex to a diamond chain (Bitch)
How in the hell did i get caught slippin'
Meanwhile on all my records , nigga talkin' bout he pimpin'
Maybe i exaggerated a lil bit
You know fake it till you make it every one of us rappers gotta talk a little shit
Yeah i done smashed some video vixens and some actresses
But brand name pussy don't feel no different on my matresses
Insecure hoes with breast jobs and butt shots
Blaming on us rich niggas sponsoring shit and what not
Now guys are just as big as groupies as these women is
Till you break up and a bitch wonder where her percentage is
While these regular hoes are trying to play the trap game
And now is the time i blame it on the rap game

[Hook]
Everybody wants the fortune and fame
The more things change , the more they stay the same
This industry is like a crack game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
This industry is like a crap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game

[Verse 2]
Listen , this ain't scripted this reality
It take some drugs for us to conquer this insanity
Thieves using our name promoting these fake appearances
Publicists overcharging taking years for these clearances
I got sued some rappers said i stole their joint nigga
Spend half a million just to prove a fucking point nigga
We got the fans thinking rappers never lose
Gave a producer a hundred grand for a beat i never use (Damn)
The false stories and being misquoted in magazines
Got a nigga wanting to go and load a couple magazines
Head to your office and shoot up the whole fucking staff
Post that on your website and burn while i fucking laugh
You protesters at my concerts y'all make me sick
I thought i told y'all i would never disrespect a bitch
It's clear to see that Hip Hop's under attack man
Or is it cause that no one wants to see a rich black man
Really they want us with no money
Hungover and missing flights and cutting our show money
Hip Hop cops still lurkin' and trying to catch us slippin'
And put us in a position to make some real life decisions (Hmmm)
Or do we just be doing dumb shit
Emptying out these gun clips and always on the run shit
Lifestyles of us entertaining hood niggas
If it's bad to be a rapper what's good nigga

[Hook]
Everybody wants the fortune and fame
The more things change , the more they stay the same
This industry is like a crack game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game
This industry is like a crap game
Sometimes you gotta charge it to the rap game

[Pre-Hook]
When the liquor get up in me
When the liquor get up in me
When the liquor get up in me
When the liquor get up in me

[Pre-Hook 1]
I'm a motherfuckin' beast (When the liquor get up in me)
Tell these niggas clear the streets (When the liquor get up in me)
I'll be all up in my zone (When the liquor get up in me)
I ain't never going home (When the liquor get up in me)

[Hook]
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT

[Verse 1]
Ima drink until i'm drunk (drunk), smoke until i'm high (high)
Hustle till i ball (ball), get money till i die (die)
These haters want my paper and the snakes is out to get me
So when i leave this bitch i'm taking everything with me
With my wrist glowing and my fist throwing
And my Lamborghini Aventador sneak it on the block
Been going and i been flowing i gotta say that Ludacris, a nigga never gonna stop
Hanging with women that's loving them drugs
Neighborhood call me the plug of the plug
Poppin' a pill and then jump in the tub
We buy out the bar, we buy out the club
Got a black,  AMX, I left home, no Visa
Talk money, and my money, talk back, like Caesar
Mix soda, with the syrup, we be leaning like the Tower of Pisa
And if y'all don't fuck with us, then we don't fuck with y'all either

[Pre-Hook 1]
I'm a motherfuckin' beast (When the liquor get up in me)
Tell these niggas clear the streets (When the liquor get up in me)
I'll be all up in my zone (When the liquor get up in me)
I ain't never going home (When the liquor get up in me)

[Hook]
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT

[Bridge]
I'm talking 1 shot, 2 shots, 3 shots, 4
How many shots to hit the motherfucking floor
You sipping man, quit tripping man, stop acting like a ho
Waitress said another round? I said you already know

[Verse 2]
You see I started from nothing and made it up outta the hood
Dollar and a dream and I made what I could
Fifty to a hundred, then a hundred to a grand
Then a grand to a milli, nigga really what's good
Its wood in the whip the wood like a wood shop
Neighbor's all think that I cook rocks
No peace in the streets
Really got me thinking ain't no such thing as a good cop
My neck froze and my ice steel
Flows, rappers just bite still
Platinum plaques, three Grammy's
I'd said I Made It like Mike Will
With coupes all on that freeway
Pockets on Gabby Sidibe
Got cake and women blowing like everyday is my b-day

[Pre-Hook 2]
We be getting mighty bold (When the liquor get up in her)
She be sliding down that pole (When the liquor get up in her)
She be shaking it for daddy (When the liquor get up in her)
Getting freaky in the Caddy (When the liquor get up in her)

[Hook]
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT

[Verse 3]
She dragging a mink coat got PETA pissed its a pity
A titans like Tennessee but she chiefing like Kansas City
She love it when she get tipsy and strip to the core essentials
With her legs sprawled out like the Air Jordan's symbols
She be twenty thousand feet in my apartment in the sky
Y'all hoes just drink and drive, my woman just drink and fly
She a lady in the street ain't nothing fake about her booty
She call me for special ops, I told her that's my Call of Duty

[Pre-Hook 2]
She be getting mighty bold (When the liquor get up in her)
She be sliding down that pole (When the liquor get up in her)
She be shaking it for daddy (When the liquor get up in her)
Getting freaky in the Caddy (When the liquor get up in her)

[Hook]
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
Get lit (get lit)
AHH SHIT

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Bitch you can have a lick; you can have a suck
Just don't let me catch you in my ice cream truck
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg (& Kurupt)]
Me and Kurupt with my peddle to the floor
Got a whole lot of gas but I don't know which way to go
I'm trying to find a white bitch a little snow bunny
Cause the word on the streets is they like to give a nigga money
(Me and big snoop nothing but some players
Looking at the bitch except she thinking 'bout the paper
Tryna get cracking, active with the action
I'ma tell you with the words nigga what's happenin')
The police is on my dick cuz they all up on my face
Put some yola on a nigga then they run up in my place
Got that thang in the trunk, 3 cases in a month
I don't give a fuck; Kurupt let me get that blunt
(Cause we just tryna get it; the money and the game
Stepping in this motherfucker, talent tucker, undercover, bang
And then bustin' on these undercover bustas
Just to G up in the game, rollin on them thangs)

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Bitch you can have a lick; you can have a suck
Just don't let me catch you in my ice cream truck
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg (& Kurupt)]
I got gators on my feet; khakis on my leg
Braids in my hair, super dome, super head
Said she gotta lick with it, wanted me to get with it

[?] is how we do it, moving real slick with it
(Yea I heard she the best at it; chew it up like spinach
Chew it up 'till she finish; man this bitch is not a gimmick
She's a pro, super ho, she got that super throat)
Living on your own, jibbin' on the phone
Forgivin' when you're wrong
Yea, but that's a whole 'nother conversation
Listen to me spit it to you with this meditation
(Yo, let's get this money bitch
I got the now or later gators on gangsta shit
Just a little bit, listen to this shit
Just a little bit of game spittin' to this bitch)

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Bitch you can have a lick; you can have a suck
Just don't let me catch you in my ice cream truck
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg (& Kurupt)]
See you walking on the blue carpet music playing loud
King of the west coast Mr. Big Bow Wow
Ice cream sammich with the grab bag saggin'
Cap illar, I'ma steeler, got the gold rag flaggin'
(I got 31 flavors
3 of my bitches was exclusively used to be neighbors
'Till I threw that game on they table
Now they do whatever for me if they're able)
My little homie told me when he was 20 years old
I'm in love with a bitch, I told him fuck that ho
See I'm his role model with happy dog bottle
Puttin' paint where it ain't, break a bitch; you think I can't?
(I'm just hard in the paint, I'ma do what you can't
Pimpin make a bitch faint; I'ma circle then straight
Get the gat, get the tape nigga, 9, 38
I'ma circle then straight, got bitches out of state)

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Bitch you can have a lick; you can have a suck
Just don't let me catch you in my ice cream truck
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators
Yeah I got 31 flavors
Stepping out on them in these Now or Later gators

[Intro: Kendrick Lamar]
What I look like, a sucker to you, nigga?
Fuck you, rookie
Somethin' incredible, heh-heh-heh

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Turn that shit up, boy, bump that shit
Nigga, hold a handgun and dump that shit
Nigga, buy that borough and fuck that bitch
And kick her out before the sun come up
Nigga, my funds is up
I got my money right
Business movin' like New York City lights
Bitches all over that boy
Cause they know that young boy got a cold strut
But I don't fuck with them hood rats, they'll set you up
And I ain't goin' out just like that
I'd rather go out over a shoot-out, plow
Land of the scandalous, every corner got a candle lit
Every stop sign got a hollow tip
Every sunshine got a hood under it
And you know we Marilyn Jones runnin' that shit
My bones made out of cement, strong arm
Explode on y'all, Vietnam, boom

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Heh-heh-heh, okay, I'm ready, ha-ha

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Tell your boyfriend to do it like this
A thousand for the jeans, three hundred for the kicks, bitch
I was born with diamonds in my wrist
So, it's only right for your boy to talk shit, yuck
Straight nasty, don't walk past me
I just might grab it, just might pull a blade out and stab it
I would kill it only if you say
I'm more than willin' to take advantage
Legs to the ceilin', ho, throw away your panties
Tell 'em that we chillin' if your boyfriend harassin'
I take 'em, then I perform magic
Head on the freeway, seatbelt fastened
And go and tell the DJ to play my shit
You never heard nothin' like this, yuh
The new West Coast's best-kept secret
Chronic smoke comin' out my throat, ha-ha

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Shit, ay, ay, heh-heh, fuck it, I'm goin' in

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
They say, "Who that?" K. Dot, no roof, new top
They hate, they watch, speed down the block
In a Porsche Box, stashbox, got a new Glock
In a shoot-out with anybody that you got
.45, no lie, no problem
If he got his jewels on, I'm a Black Rob him
Nigga, I'm a bad boy, I'm a black ski mask, boy
I'm a run in his house, then ask, "Where the cash, boy?"
"Tell me where the safe or this'll be the last time
That you ever have a gun in your face"
Might be the last time that somebody run in your place
You picked a bad time to be at fuckin' home today, stupid
I'm ruthless, I'm Eazy-E, I'm Snoop, shit
I'm 2Pac, I'm inferno, I'm so hot, no chicken
Tell it to the Colonel Sanders, do it for that Compton campus

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Heh-heh, I'm done with the fourth quarter
Shit, psych, Rock, get 'em

[Verse 4: Jay Rock]
Guess who's back? Fresh new fitted, turned back
Fresh new spinners on the 'Lac
Never knew Rock could do it like that
I'm a mack for real, I hit more pussy than Vagisil, yeah
Who got this game in a chokehold?
We'll make your best rapper submit
Pack up and quit cause we the shit
Plus, that Calico hold more shells than El Pollo Loco
Turn you to a dough salt
Take your ho to the mo-mo quick
She want to bounce up and down on my pogo stick
Me n' Dot spit raw, deejays,  Mr. Miyagi
Your records wax us on and wax you off, ha
You come frontin', get slammed like Onyx
We the West Coast classics, you better pay homage
You want problems? The kings of the shoot-outs
Leave your block smokin' like a luau
Top Dawg E-N-T, bitch

[Outro: Kendrick Lamar]
We told you, heh-heh-heh, we told you, ah
Top Dawg, nig, we told you, nigga done did it
Yeah, yeah, aye

[Intro]
Ey man, if you got a problem with somebody
Whatever happened to approaching them?
Looking at em eye to eye
Too much tweefin' going on in this world
Thumb thuggin' is at an all-time high
They startin' to take this shit a lil too far Jack
Rappers all in they feelings
Well here goes a little lyrical healing

[Verse: Ludacris]
And hip hop is, uh
Too many rappers gettin' sensitive
Ya'll should start a pussy ass nigga initiative
Cuz even when I'm not mic'd up
I'll fuck your life up
Come to your show when ya crowdsurfin' and hold a knife up
I tell your momma you ain't shit
I hope you skydive and all land in an alligator pit
Your album ain't shit, you couldn't sell it at an auction
Your five minutes is up, like Antoine Dodson
Meanwhile that Mary Jane got me wiser
And Mr. Jack Daniels is my spiritual advisor
Now everybody said I'm strapped and I'm too scary
And keep a hand under the pillow like the tooth fairy
Your favorite rapper say I'm sick and they ain't no antidote
They kidnapping my flows they ain't even leave a ransom note
Your shit is faker than the knockoff man
I'll make you niggas quit rappin' start a hot dog stand

[Intro: Kanye West + Ludacris]
(Applause)
And the winner, for the best rap album goes to
Ludacris it’s your year baby
(Applause)

[Ludacris]
This goes out to my father, who is in critical condition right now
I appreciate your prayers
Mr. Wayne Bridges
I love you

[Ludacris Talking]
Rest in peace Wayne Bridges
You're still living through me
Listen

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Look, I lost my father to the bottle
I'd hug him everyday like I might not see him tomorrow
Got a enough sorrow for a lifetime
Cause when he was living I'm thinking how do I get him to listen
When he was seldom in his right mind
My early years I was too young to understand
But I remember the smell of beer and seeing all the empty cans
Waking up, crying in the night, hearing arguments
Hands off my momma, somehow I knew he was the cause of it
Got a little older and he got a little worse
Drinking must be his remedy, he got a little cursed
Well, tell me what's the cure for a man who miss his pops
The beat goes on, but the drinking's gotta stop

[Hook: Monica]
If I had have know I wouldn't see you tomorrow
I would've had you hold to your heart, and put your love in a bottle, hey
But now you got me drunk out that pain,  gone after sorrow
Wishing every day you were here with me
But now that you're gone, I lost my heart to the bottle, to the bottle
Ooh oh oh

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Yeah, I lost my father to the bottle
Functioning alcoholics what they call it far as I know
Became a teenager and started to understand
But even through drinks he still taught me to be a man
So before the hospital, where the paramedics rushed him
Any and  everybody who met him, instantly loved him
Ironic how conjure Would have made him even sicker
Cause who gon' tell him he can't drink none of his son's liquor
And tell me without my father how am I supposed to manage?
He had the biggest heart, but also had that liver damage
Tell me what's the cure for a man who miss his pops
The beat goes on, but the drinking' gotta stop

[Hook: Monica]
If I had have know I wouldn't see you tomorrow
I would've had you hold to your heart, and put your love in a bottle, hey
But now you got me drunk out that pain,  gone after sorrow
Wishing every day you were here with me
But now that you're gone, I lost my heart to the bottle, to the bottle
Ooh oh oh

[Bridge: Monica]
Not a day goes by that I don't miss ya, and don't wish you were here with me
No matter what you did, I forgive you

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
I lost my father to the bottle
Tell your parents you love 'em
You might not see them tomorrow
I swallow my pride, try to put my problems aside
But I feel so hollow inside
Gotta keep my eyes on the prize
Cause I'm steady wishing you were here
To see the goals that I plan to reach
You left the day after I put you into my Grammy speech
It's almost like you waited just to see me win
Well, pops I can't wait until the day we meet again

[Hook: Monica]
If I had have know I wouldn't see you tomorrow
I would've had you hold to your heart, and put your love in a bottle, hey
But now you got me drunk out that pain,  gone after sorrow
Wishing every day you were here with me
But now that you're gone, I lost my heart to the bottle, to the bottle
Ooh oh oh

[Outro: Monica]
I can't get over you you you, hey
Love in a bottle, hey heyyy
Oh, I miss you
I wanna see you tomorrow
I wanna see you again
I wanna see you tomorrow
I miss you, you you you you
I love you, you you you

[Intro]
Turn it up, Thugger
Thugger, and... let's go

[Refrain]
Halftime (What?)
Half a Perky, half a Xanny make it halftime
Half a pint, pour up an eight, my nigga, halftime
Tryna rob, that stick turn his body to halftime (Boom) yeah

[Verse 1]
Hit the streets and tear this bitch up like I'm Willie B
No Tennessee, but the chain on my neck is a T
No Memph' Bleek, bitch, I own the Roc, not Jay Z, ya dig?
War Ready like Tracy T, ya dig?
Racks on racks on racks, just might pull up on my Spider (Skrr...)
All my diamonds black, you can motherfuckin' knight 'em (...rr...)
All these pussy niggas wack, I'm a murk 'em every night, I'll (...rr...)
Pull up screamin' "blatt," got my motor out a Viper (...rrt)
Got 100 million flat like my motherfuckin' idol
I might eat it, I might lick it, but I swear I'll never bite 'em
Every time I dress myself, it go motherfuckin' viral
Pussy niggas stealin' swag, bring my shit back like recycles
I might ask her for some head
I don't know that ho, I act like she dead
Insurance on my money like a wreck
Every time I see her, she lick the cleavage
Fuck her on a $10,000 bed
I could never love her, fuck her head
Suck my dick like Beavis, no Butthead
Cocaine white like Justin Bieber, bitch
I might show the racks and tease the bitch
I might want it but I don't need the bitch
I been flooded out by Jesus, bitch
I want your pizza, Little Caesar's, bitch
Ninth Ward, I buy my diesel, bitch
I don't wanna talk or see a snitch
No teacher, we chalkin' shit
I passed school, I'm passin' all the staffs
I just want that neck like a giraffe
I like fish and water, I'm a bear
17.5, I shave it like it's Nair
Lay out, watch the kids like a daycare
I don't play games, no, I'm not the fair
I got Hot Wheels like a motherfuckin' chariot (Skrrt)
Chanel Vintage, boy, this shit is rare

[Chorus]
Hey, a good time
Hey, let's have a good time, hey, a very good ti-i-ime
Hey, let's have a very good time
Hey, a very good time, hey-ooh, let's have a very good ti-i-ime

[Verse 2]
I done figured this shit out, these lil niggas gon' bite on my swag, it's a virus
I don the swag, and I pull up on bitches, dressed in all white like Miley Cyrus
No, I'm not gay, I fuck bitches on bitches, I whip out, she suck on my private (Suck it)
Lil nigga play, I'ma catch him down bad and then stick 'em, fold 'em like a wallet (Ooh)
I swear to God there's only one of me, and these bitches three-deep like a trident (Ooh)
I’m walkin' through it like tons of the ones, and these bitches grabbin', I'm at Follies (Ooh)
Fuck nigga, try me, I swear to God, lil whoadie gon' pull up and pop at his noggin' (Pew-pew-pew-pew-pew-pew-pew)
Bitch, I got water, I look like I'm fresh from Hawaii

[Bridge]
Havin' the time of my motherfuckin' life
I'm gonna buy everything I want, I can't think twice
You can turn the ice tray off, baby, I'm havin' ice
As long as I live, wouldn't want a wife

[Chorus]
Hey, a good time
Hey, let's have a good time, hey, a very good ti-i-ime
Hey, let's have a very good time
Hey, a very good time, hey-ooh, let's have a very good ti-i-ime

[Intro: Young Thug]
I really don't give a fuck about what you niggas sayin', man
How you niggas feel, nigga, I'm Bloody
It's the motherfuckin' death of me, ya dig?
I'll tell you motherfuckers one thing, I'm sayin'

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Nigga fuckin' hoes, I'm just tellin' you
And a nigga rockin' shows, I'm just tellin' you
I'ma go and get that money like Goodfellas do
Yeah, I might eat it, it look edible
Seventeen-five for these babies, yeah, they eligible
Ooh, woo, he a gangster, he not scared of you
I'ma long stroke it, no beginner, boo
Beat it and stroke it, beat it and stroke it
I'ma, I'ma beat it and stroke it, watch me beat it, watch me stroke it
Watch me beat it, watch me stroke it, yeah
I'ma beat it, I'ma stroke it, I'ma beat it, I'ma stroke it
Baby beat it baby stroke it, yeah
Put it, dick down, baby come, ah
I wan' beat it, beat it, beat it up
Come on baby, let me beat it, beat it, beat it up

[Verse 1: Jeremih]
Hey, I've been chillin' in between a couple condos
Dollar bills, real shit, and ma, I own it
I got it all around, now let me show you what I wanna see
I admit, me and Thugger throw pies on it
I swear, I mean got some titties and thighs on it
I'ma fuck around and beat it, put some miles on you
I know you’ll let me if I ask, gon' shawty, bring that ass on
Legs up, put 'em to the sky for me
I'm not sure if you're ready, I'm not sure if you're ready
I'm not sure if you're ready, I'm not sure if you're ready
I'm not sure if you're ready, I'm not sure if you're ready
I'm not sure, I'm not, not sure, yeah

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Nigga fuckin' hoes, I'm just tellin' you
And a nigga rockin' shows, I'm just tellin' you
I'ma go and get that money like Goodfellas do
Yeah, I might eat it, it look edible
Seventeen-five for these babies, yeah, they eligible
Ooh, woo, he a gangster, he not scared of you
I'ma long stroke it, no beginner, boo
Beat it and stroke it, beat it and stroke it
I'ma, I'ma beat it and stroke it, watch me beat it, watch me stroke it
Watch me beat it, watch me stroke it, yeah
I'ma beat it, I'ma stroke it, I'ma beat it, I'ma stroke it
Baby beat it baby stroke it, yeah
Put it, dick down, baby come, ah
I wan' beat it, beat it, beat it up
Come on baby, let me beat it, beat it, beat it up

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Beat it up, stroke it for the Thugger, yeah Napoleon
I'ma fuck her with my ice on, Napoleon-on-on
Beat lil' shawty, fiend for shawty, eat lil' shawty up, up, up, up
Everything presidential, King Tut, what?
Beat that pussy from the back
Beat that pussy from the side, beat that pussy up
Baby get that pussy wet
And I'ma slip in, I'ma slide in and eat that pussy up
Heat it up, eat it up, baby girl, I'm beat it, beat it up
Hey, I need whole Santa Claus motherfuckers
Suck my balls while it jiggle
And I'm havin' stripes just like a zebra
Drop top Bentley, come through screamin' on you people
Drinkin' lean is my motherfuckin' thing
Same bed as T.I.P. 'cause I'm a king
Tuck my chain in and I swear it still bling
You ain't never needed a thing
Motherfucker whatever you think
Your old lady gon' wink, pussy nigga you know

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Nigga fuckin' hoes, I'm just tellin' you
And a nigga rockin' shows, I'm just tellin' you
I'ma go and get that money like Goodfellas do
Yeah, I might eat it, it look edible
Seventeen-five for these babies, yeah, they eligible
Ooh, woo, he a gangster, he not scared of you
I'ma long stroke it, no beginner, boo
Beat it and stroke it, beat it and stroke it
I'ma, I'ma beat it and stroke it, watch me beat it, watch me stroke it
Watch me beat it, watch me stroke it, yeah
I'ma beat it, I'ma stroke it, I'ma beat it, I'ma stroke it
Baby beat it baby stroke it, yeah
Put it, dick down, baby come, ah
I wan' beat it, beat it, beat it up
Come on baby, let me beat it, beat it, beat it up

[Intro]
Commissioner! Terry Urban..

[Skit]

[Person 1:] "Hey! You hear this beat?"

[Person 2:] "Yeah, I hear it"

[Person 1:] "D'aw, you got a 

[?]"

[Person 2:] "I don't know, it's cool"

[Person 1:] "Hey, this could be that one right here"

[Heckler:] "IS THAT BOB!?"

[Person 2:] "I mean, I don't know what to say!"

[Heckler:] "YOU SUCK!"

[Person 1:] "What? Man come on, man.. Quit being a wuss"

[Heckler:] "LOSER!"

[Person 2:] "I don't know!"

[Person 1:] "Have some balls.."

[Heckler:] "BOO!"

[Person 2:] "Agh.."

[Person 1:] "Don't be scared!"

[Hook]
Don't be afraid! No, don't be afraid!
Just knock on the door! Just knock on the door!
Don't be afraid! No, don't be afraid!
Just knock on the door! Knock, knock on the door!
Don't be afraid! No, don't be afraid!
Just knock on the door! Just knock on the door!
Promise wit! This is your life! Go on and fight! Go on and fight!

[Verse 1]
Well, let me tell you about the story of a brother named Horris
He got a dope beat, but can't come up with the chorus
His label's on his back, trying to make him a hit
Because he got eighty songs, but they don't make sense
But, this is his job and he gotta get paid
So what else to talk about, besides slanging cocaine?
And why not? He ain't got much to say
'Cause if he talk about some melty, he'll feel gay
His 

[?] he gotta fix his appearance
So he go out and get some jewelry and expenses
So when he's on stage and he got a good image
But ain't nobody moving cause don't nobody feel him
'Cause it's the same song with the same old flow
And don't nobody believe him, he can tell he know
'Cause when his album, ain't no one at the store
Then the sales go down, and the truth gon' show

[Hook]

[Intro]
The League Crew

[Bridge 1]
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi, hi

[Verse 1]
How, how, how are you doing? Doing?
Why, tell me why, are you so angry? Baby you should thank me
What, I said what, is the matter? Baby I'm a bachelor
I, I said I, I want to get to know you.. So baby come closer

[Hook]
Why the hell you gotta be so cold?
Why the hell is you so angry, baby? (Cold!)
I ain't causing you no danger, baby (Cold!)
You just kinda mad now ain't you, baby?
Why the hell you gotta be so cold?
Why the hell is you so evil, girl? (Cold!)
I just thought that maybe I'd meet you, girl (Cold!)
This niggas just trying to greet you, girl

[Bridge 2]
Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye, bye

[Verse 2]
You, I said you, need to cool it.. You're looking foolish
When, baby, when, is your period finished? Ha! Women..
Now please, I said please, you need to leave.. 'Cause you're a beast
Now here, here, is my number.. Call me next summer, when you're warmer

[Hook]

[Intro]
Commissioner! Terry Urban..

[Skit]

[Radio:] This is WKSB Radio.. Radio.. Radio!
We've got a special guest today, and he's big.. Big.. Really big!

[Host:] Aha, okay, what's happening? This is WKSB Ra-G-io, and this is your man W-K-dot Exclusive!
Right now I got my man B.o.B in the station, what's happening player?

[B.o.B:] "Aha, aha, what's happening? B.o.B!"

[Host:] "Okay, so from my understanding, I heard you got the hottest everywhere song, and it's just straight official, man,  like -"

[B.o.B:] "Aha! yeah!"

(Heckler laughing in the background)

[Host:] "- Oh yeah - it's a straight club banger material!"

[B.o.B:] "It's straight club banger material!"

[Heckler:] ("Hahahaha! Wait, is that Bob over there!? Hahahaha! Hey, Bob! Hey Bob!")

[Host:] "It's a club after the pimping! What's - tell - tell me about that, player!"

[Heckler:] (" It's cool man, come on man! Let's go, man! I know that loser over there! His name is Bob!")

[B.o.B:] "My man, like.. Really man, the way my style is, like..
I'm really, i'm really a kool-aide 

[?], but I ain't really..
But I ain't really want to be.. Ugh, cuh.."

[Heckler:] ("Ahaha, ahaha.. Is that Bob over there!? Hey Bob! Hey Bob!")

[B.o.B:] "Hey, yo! Yo, what's up!? I'm trying to do an interview man! Come on, man!"

[Heckler:] ("Hey, hey, hey everybody, hey, hey listen, here.. Hey, hey, hey Bob..

[B.o.B] "Can I get this man-? Get-"

[Heckler:] ("Hooters everywhere we go! Hooters everywhere we go! Hooters everywhere we go! Haha..")

[B.o.B:] "Come on, get this man outta here man, we gotta get security in here or something, man.. What's he doing?"

[Heckler:] ("Yeah! In your face, man! Bob! Shit!")

[Intro: Playboy Tre]
The League Crew
"Just think.. If instead of having to meet and pull a female to drill
What if a nigga could go to the store, and buy a whole pack of pussy?
This is what it would sound like:"

[Skit]

[Together:] Whoohoohoo, oh yeah!

[B-Rich] I got me some Asian twat, dawg, what you get?

[Playboy Tre:] He got that pussy! Whoo! I got some of that African bam, bam, bam! Yeah! Whoo! Just want that - Whoo!

[B-Rich:] Whoa, yeah dawg.. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey man.. Hey, dawg.. You can't do what you did last time - you cannot fuck the pussy before we get home

[Playboy Tre:] I'm just so excited man.. What-what you talking about, man? What? Yeah, I don't know why you trippin' man, I mean..

[B-Rich:] Don't bust it open dawg. Dawg we almost home!

[Playboy Tre:] I mean, I mean.. Man, I be, I be trying man

[B-Rich:] We right around the block, man

[Playboy Tre:] I ain't had, I ain't, I ain't had a chance to get to the store man, like..

[B-Rich:] Two minutes!

[Playboy Tre:] Let me open it up and fuck it.. Please, let me open my pack up!

[B-Rich:] Nah, nah, just wait, just wait, dawg

[Playboy Tre:] I can't help it no more!

[B-Rich:] NOO!

[Playboy Tre:] Ooh! Ooh! It's open. Ooh, ooh, ooh! 

[?]

[B-Rich:] Stretch it out, Tre, stretch it out! Stretch it out!

[Playboy Tre:] Pack of pussy! Pussy pack! Ooh, ooh, ooh, oh yeah! Can I have your pack too?

[B-Rich] Hell, naw..

[Intro]
Yeah, last track on the mixtape
'Preciate everybody listening, you know what I'm talkin' bout?
And we'll see you on the next one, you know what I'm talkin bout?

[Bridge]
Don't cry dry your eyes call me a jerk
Not cause the size of my jeans but how I hurt ya
I know this relationship is never gonna work
But I plant thoughts in your head that only do ya dirt
And I said this once before, we make the perfect team
We barely get along forever making scenes
Your crying on my sleeve what does it really mean
It doesn't really matter to me

[Chorus]
'Cause I go, I go all around the world
Fuck different girls, cause when they see ya boy
They scream and as sad as it seems
It doesn't really matter to me
'Cause I know, I know there's the perfect girl
Who I can share my soul with but I can only see
In my dreams and as sad as it seems
It doesn't really matter to me

[Verse 1]
Now you can cry me a river or cry me a ocean
Maybe the Pacific, that's just to be specific
I gotta keep it pimping these hoes they say I'm tripping
I don't care about your nails and your new hair, do your lipstick
Dip-dip next ho, they be on my dick like
All on my testicles, I can't even piss right
After we fuck you won't see me again after this night
Real niggas know what I mean

[Chorus & Bridge]
'Cause I go, I go all around the world
Fuck different girls, cause when they see ya boy
They scream and as sad as it seems
It doesn't really matter to me
'Cause I know, I know there's the perfect girl
Who I can share my soul with but I can only see
In my dreams and as sad as it seems
It doesn't really matter to me
Don't cry dry your eyes call me a jerk
Not cause the size of my jeans but how I hurt ya
I know this relationship is never gonna work
But I plant thoughts in your head that only do ya dirt
And I said this once before, we make the perfect team
We barely get along forever making scenes
Your crying on my sleeve what does it really mean
It doesn't really matter to me

[Verse 2]
Now you can go go where you want front who the one gotta get that vibe
Did I hit that? Quit that? How did I hit that? Niggas know how I keep it live
Live try this suprised but she just say I'm on her eyes
Whenever get it in that Prada or Del Agua
Now I be the man Peter Pan, I fly high cause you like my drift
She know how I do it cause I got possess and I'm so swift
Get her girlfriend in this whirlwind how we spin
It don't really matter cause I'm pimping bitch until the end

[Hook]

[Intro]

[Verse 1]
You go out and have your fun with my head, mind, and my heart in your hands
You said you're looking for someone
Who doesn't take one look and understand

[Chorus]
I get such a rush with my head out the window
Flying past your love, you learn how to let go
Oh, I'm changing
Crazed and cradling what I've bathed in

[Break (Inaudible lyrics in reverse)]
The window, the window
I get such / the window
I get such / the window

[Verse 2]
I was raw, sick and thin
It wasn't hard to let my head cave in
It's easy feeding fears with flowers
And staying wild while I'm just a child

[Chorus]
I get such a rush with my head out the window
Flying past your love, you learn how to let go
Oh, I'm changing
Crazed and cradling what I've bathed in back then

[Break]
I get such / The window
I get such / Head out the window

[Outro]
Oh, I'm fading
Crazed and cradling pools to bathe in

[Verse 1:]
Oooh, I love the way you dirty type
I can take you home or escape
Oooh, I need your backspace in my life
Thank God you don't have a flat screen

[Pre-Hook:]
Please, baby I got to see you
I really want to please you
So get on my laptop so I can download

[Hook:]
Online, I love the way you log on
We can do it all night
I'll make you dot com
Baby, if you sign on
I'ma make you light up
Oooh, baby if you sign on
I'll make you dot com

[Verse 2:]
I wanted to link up with you baby at first sight
With you I get to use my F-keys
I can't wait to give you megabytes
I got all the memory you'll need
Let my fingers do the talking baby

[Pre-Hook:]

[Hook:]

[Bridge]
Oooh, baby you want this I know
I can't wait to give you my hard-drive
My moonlight
If it's all right, baby
I'm always at your window
Ready to shift and control you
If you want me to
Say yes, baby
Say yes, baby
Say yes, baby
Say yes, baby
You gotta say, oooh

Say yes, baby
Say yes, baby
You got to say yes
Yes

Please, baby I got to see you
I really want to please you
So get up on me baby, get up on me
I really want you

[Hook:x2]

U-S-H-E-R-W-O-R-L-D dot com

[Intro]
Yayo, yayo
Mula-la
Yayo

[Verse 1]
Bitch better have my money
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?
Like bra, bra, bra

[Pre-Chorus]
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe me, don't act like you forgot

[Chorus]
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (Bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (Bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money

[Verse 2]
Turn up to Rihanna while the whole club fuckin' wasted
Every time I drop by, I am the only thing y'all playin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at? (Where y'all at?)
Like bra, bra, bra

[Pre-Chorus]
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots
Like bra, bra, bra
Pay me what you owe me, don't act like you forgot

[Chorus]
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (Bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (Bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Pay me what you owe me
Bitch better have my (Bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my (Bitch better have my)
Bitch better have my money

[Outro]
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch, bitch, bitch better have my money
Yo, that bitch better have my money
Hold up
My money
Yo, my money
That bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money

[Chorus]
Run baby run, you've got so many things to do
Sleep while you can cause tomorrow will not feel new
Growing too fast, all this labor with no good fruit
Tear it off, cut it into two

[Verse]
I can't wait for another morning
Wake up, babe, wake up with me
If the ceiling isn't rumbling with children
I might just let you sleep

I can't wait to make another decision
Maybe we will know what we want by then

[Chorus]
Run, baby, run
You've got so many things to do
Sleep while you can
Cause tomorrow will not feel new
Growing too fast
All this labor with no good fruit
Tear it off, cut it into two

[Refrain]
Yeah

[Chorus]
Run baby run, you've got so many things to do
Sleep while you can cause tomorrow will not feel new
Growing too fast, all this labor with no good fruit
Tear it off, cut it into two

[Intro]
Yeah, ever gon' see, yeah
(Wheezy Beats)
Ever gon' see, yeah, I promise!
Ever gon' see, yeah, I promise! I
Ayy, man get your mutherfuckin' hands away from my syrup man
Livin' life bro, I'm happy

[Chorus]
Baby, you know that I might be
The realest lil' nigga you ever gon' see
Baby, you know that I might be
The trillest lil' nigga that you wanna be
Baby, you know that I might be
The richest lil' nigga you ever could treat
And you know that I might just
Scoop that lil' bitch up off of her feet
All of these niggas they know that they fallin'
And everyone wanna be me
All of these bitches don't wanna be cheated on
But all these bitches wan' cheat
All of these bitches wanna be the new wifey
But all of these bitches be cheatin'
All of these rappers I swear they watering down
And I'm the chlorine, ah

[Verse 1]
Feed me, feed me
These pussy niggas tighter than a wedgie, weegee
I live life like a sniper, they can't see me, see me
Her heart like an old diaper, I can't leave it, leave it
I'm drinkin' on this motherfuckin' mud
Okay my fuckin' back pocket is fat like a butt
I swear I'ma blood, I can never be your cuz
You can roger that like my motherfuckin' buzz (Losie!)
Mmm, bubbler hey hey
I'll bippoty-bop, then stick it and fade
I keep some coke and the rocks on me everyday
I got a bitch with a yacht that's sittin' in the bay
Come here tempt me if you wan' go on a date
I'll make bail within' the first 48
I'll give her the stick
She gon' get a clip, bigger than a porn star dick
And I need new casting, for a porn star clip

[Chorus]
Baby, you know that I might be
The realest lil' nigga you ever gon' see
Baby, you know that I might be
The trillest lil' nigga that you wanna be
Baby, you know that I might be
The richest lil' nigga you ever could treat
And you know that I might just
Scoop that lil' bitch up off of her feet
All of these niggas they know that they fallin'
And everyone wanna be me
All of these bitches don't wanna be cheated on
But all these bitches wan' cheat
All of these bitches wanna be the new wifey
But all of these bitches be cheatin'
All of these rappers I swear they watering down
And I'm the chlorine, ah
Chlorine on the...

[Interlude]
That's called breathin', that's how you let that bitch breathe fool

[Verse 2]
Okay you know all my diamonds got no flaws
Momma move to 85 north, not 85 south
I think these hoes piranhas, excluding my baby momma
I take care my daddy momma by pullin' up with them bundles
If I ain't treat you good little baby just know it's karma
You did my nigga wrong, I know it, it was last summer
Lyin' to me, tellin' me I'm the bomb like Osama
I wish I could spend 50 bands on tour for grandmama
I'll crack that nigga head with a bottle
I could never call, not a fed, not a cop
Niggas sit on the bench and I said do y'all
YSL scream "fuck the rest" 'cause we got right now
Niggas asked me "Am I sure?", and the Bentley said "Yeah"
That little bitch ask for a purse and you know I said "Yeah"
She gon' act just like a clerk when them feds in there
She might act like she know Bird when them players in there, Yeah

[Chorus]
Baby, you know that I might be
The realest lil' nigga you ever gon' see
Baby, you know that I might be
The trillest lil' nigga that you wanna be
Baby, you know that I might be
The richest lil' nigga you ever could treat
And you know that I might just
Scoop that lil' bitch up off of her feet
All of these niggas they know that they fallin'
And everyone wanna be me
All of these bitches don't wanna be cheated on
But all these bitches wan' cheat
All of these bitches wanna be the new wifey
But all of these bitches be cheatin'
All of these rappers I swear they watering down
And I'm the chlorine, ah
Chlorine on the bitch

[Outro]
Yeah I'm 'bout to clean some motherfuckers, fool
I got on flue but you know I'm still drippin'
You know what I'm sayin' oh
Oh ah oh ah
1. Hold On, Be Strong
Produced by Donny Mathis and Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound, Inc. at Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound, Inc. at Doppler Studios, Atlanta, GA
Vocals: 4.0 (better known as The Four Phonics)
Bass: Preston Crump
Kalimba: Andre Benjamin
Guitar: Donny Mathis

2. Return of the "G"
(Giorgio Moroder, Organized Noize, Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin)
© 1998 EMI Gold Horizon Music Corp. (BMI)/Organized Noize/Hitco Music (BMI)/Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP)
Produced by Organized Noize for Organized Noize Productions, Inc
Recorded by Bernasky Wall and Jean B. Smit at The Dungeon Studio, S.W.A.T.S., GA and Oceanway Recording Studio, Los Angeles, CA
Mixed by Josh Butler at Patchwerk Studio, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Katy Teasdale
Vocals: Big Boi and Dre
Background Vocals: Khujo and Lil' Will
Music Programming: Organized Noize
Moog Bass: Marvin "Chanz" Parkman
Orchestral Arrangement/Concert Master: Charles Veal
Strings & Woodwinds: South Central Chamber Orchestra
Contains elements from "Midnight Express," written by Giorgio Moroder, published by EMI Gold Horizon Music Corp. (BMI)
3. Rosa Parks
(Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin)
© 1998 Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by John Frye, Neal H. Pogue and Ryan Williams at Doppler Studios and Southern Tracks Recording, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Ralph Cacciurri and Kenny Stallworth
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound, Inc. at D.A.R.P. Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by John Horesco IV
Vocals: Big Boi and Dre
Additional vocals: Debra Killings and Playa Paul
Acoustic guitar: Donny Mathis
Electric guitar: Preston Crump
Outro guitar: Martin Terry
Harmonica: Pastor Robert Hodo
Cuts: Mr. DJ

4. Skew It on the Bar-B
(Morton Stevens, Organized Noize, Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin, Corey Woods)
© 1998 EMI April Music Inc. (ASCAP), Organized Noize/Nitco Music (BMI), Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP), WuTang/Career Music/BMG (BMI)
Produced by Organized Noize for Organized Noize Productions, Inc
Recorded by Bernasky Wall and Kevin Parker at the Dungeon Studios, S.W.A.T.S., GA
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound, Inc. at D.A.R.P. Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Rico Lumpkin
Vocals: Dre, Big Boi and Raekwon
Music programming: Organized Noize
Bass: Preston Crump
Guitar: Donny Mathis
Contains excerpts from "Police Woman" written by Morton Stevens, published by EMI April Music Inc. (ASCAP). Sample from "Police Woman" performed by Henry Mancini, under license from the RCA Records Label, a unit of BMG Entertainment
5. Aquemini
(Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin)
© 1998 Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by John Frye, Blake Eiseman and Ralph Cacciurri at Doppler Studios and Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Kenny Stallworth
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound at D.A.R.P. Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Rico Lumpkin
Vocals: Big Boi and Dre
Additional vocals: Sonja Mickey and Ahjabne Green
Guitars: Preston Crump and Craig Love
Bass: Preston Crump
Horn arrangement: Earthtone
Horns: Darian Emory and Jerry Freeman Jr
Drums: Victor Alexander
Percussion: Omar Phillips
Cuts: Mr. DJ

6. Synthesizer
(Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin, George Clinton)© 1998 Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Trick Free Music (BMI)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by John Frye, Blake Eiseman and Ryan Williams at Doppler Studios, Southern Tracks Recording and Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Jason Rome, Ralph Cacciurri and Jason Stokes
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound at D.A.R.P. Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Vernon J. Mungo
Vocals: Big Boi and Dre
Background vocals: George Clinton & 4.0 b/k/a The Four Phonics
Synthesizer, bass & piano: Earthone, Marvin "Chanz" Parkman and Kenneth Wright
Congas: Rajinder "Conga Man" Kala
Lead guitar: Donny Mathis
7. Slump
(Antwan Patton, Jamhr Williams, Frederick Bell)
© 1998 Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Slic Flo Music (ASCAP), Cool People Music (BMI)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by John Frye, Neal H. Pogue and Ralph Cacciurri at Doppler Studios and Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Alberto Perez, Jason Rome and Jason Stokes
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. at D.A.R.P. Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Claudine Pontier
Vocals: Big Boi, Jamhr "Backbone" Williams and Frederick "Cool Breeze" Bell
Background vocals: Theresa Hightower

8. West Savannah
(Organized Noize, Antwan Patton)
© 1998 Organized Noize/Hitco Music (BMI), Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. and John Frye at Purple Dragon and Bosstown Recording Studios, Atlanta, GA
Mixed by Jonnie "Most" Davis at Sound On Sound, New York, NY
Vocals: Big Boi
Bass: LaMarquis Jefferson
Guitar: Craig Love

9. Da Art of Storytellin' (Part 1)
(David Sheats, Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin)
© 1998 Dungeon Ratz Music, Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP)
Produced by David "Mr. DJ" Sheats
Recorded by John Frye, Neal H. Pogue and Ralph Cacciurri at Doppler Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Kenny Stallworth
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. and David "Mr. DJ" Sheats at D.A.R.P. Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Vernon J. Munga
Vocals: Big Boi and Dre
Background vocals: Pat "Sleeply" Brown
Arranged by David "Mr. DJ" Sheats
Conga: Rajinder "Conga Man" Kala
Keyboards: Marvin "Chanz" Parkman
Bass: Preston Crump

10. Da Art of Storytellin' (Part 2)
(David Sheats, Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin)
© 1998 Dungeon Ratz Music, Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP)
Produced by David "Mr. DJ" Sheats
Recorded by John Frye and Ralph Cacciurri at Doppler Studios and Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Mixed by Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. and David "Mr. DJ" Sheats at D.A.R.P. Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Claudine Pontier
Vocals: Big Boi and Dre
Arranged by David "Mr. DJ" Sheats
Bass: Preston Crump
Lead guitar: Donny Mathis
Keyboards & bass: Marvin "Chanz" Parkman

11. Mamacita
(Organized Noize, Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin, Masada Hogans, Erin Johnson)
© 1998 Organized Noize/Hitco Music (BMI), Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Assasta Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Dez Only One Music (ASCAP)
Produced by Organized Noize for Organized Noize Productions, Inc
Recorded by Bernasky Wall at The Dungeon Studio, S.W.A.T.S., GA
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound, Inc. at Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Shawn Grove
Vocals: Big Boi, Dre, Masada, Witchdoctor and Buulllllll!
Music programming: Organized Noize
Bass: Skinny Miracles
Synthesizer: Mr. DJ

12. SpottieOttieDopalicious
(Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin, Patrick Brown)
© 1998 Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Organized Noize/Hitco Music (BMI)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by John Frye and Ralph Cacciurri at Doppler and Southern Tracks Studios, Atlanta, GA
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. at Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Jason Stokes
Vocals: Big Boi, Dre and Pat "Sleepy" Brown
Background vocals: Pat "Sleepy" Brown
Female vocals: Delvida Flaherty and Andrea Nivet
Bass: Preston Crump
Guitar: Martin Terry
Drums: Victor Alexander
Percussion: Omar Phillips
Horns: Darian Emory and Jerry Freeman Jr

13. Y'All Scared
(David Sheats, Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin, Robert Barnett, Willie Knighton Jr., Cameron Gipp)
© 1998 Dungeon Ratz Music (ASCAP), Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Brown Branches & Green Bottles Music (BMI)/Stronghouse (BMI), Point East Music (BMI)
Produced by David "Mr. DJ" Sheats
Recorded by John Frye and Ralph Cacciurri at Doppler Studios and Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Jason Rome and Kenny Stallworth
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. and Mr. DJ at D.A.R.P. for Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Claudine Pontier
Vocals: Big Boi, Dre, T-Mo, Gipp and Khujo
Background vocals: "Slim" Jim Smith and Jermaine Smith
Bass: Preston Crump
Lead guitar: Tomi Martin
Keyboards: Marvin "Chanz" Parkman

14. Nathaniel

15. Liberation
(Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin, Ruben Bailey, Erica Wright, Joi Gilliam, Myrna Crenshaw, Thomas Burton)
© 1998 Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP), Death to the Fakers (BMI), Divine Pimp/Tribes of Kedar (ASCAP), Skelter Sane Music, Butter Jinx (BMI), Whild Peach Music, Inc. (BMI), God Given Music (BMI)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by John Frye, Neal H. Pogue, Blake Eiseman and Ryan Williams at Doppler Studios and Southern Track Recordings, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Jason Stokes
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. at Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Jason Stokes
Vocals: Big Boi, Dre, Erykah Badu, Ruben Bailey, Cee-Lo, Joi Gilliam and Whild Peach
Bass: Preston Crump
Percussion: Omar Phillips
Piano: Marvin "Chanz" Parkman
Drums: Victor Alexander

16. Chonkyfire
(Antwan Patton, Andre Benjamin)
© 1998 Gnat Booty/Chrysalis Music, Inc. (ASCAP)
Produced by Outkast for Earthtone
Recorded by John Frye, Neal H. Pogue, Blake Eiseman and Ryan Williams at Doppler Studios and Southern Track Recordings, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Kenny Stallworth and Ralph Cacciurri
Mixed by Neal H. Pogue for NHP Sound Inc. at Tree Sound Studios, Atlanta, GA
Assisted by Shawn Grove
Vocals: Big Boi and Dre
Piano & synthesizer: Marvin "Chanz" Parkman
Guitar: Tomi Martin
Mastered by Brian "Big Bass" Gardner at Bernie Grundman Mastering, Hollywood, CA

-

Executive Producers: ONP for Organized Noize Productions, Inc., Antonio M. Reid, Kenneth B. Edmonds and Outkast

-

Thank You's:

Big Boi a.k.a. Daddy Fat Sax a.k.a. Francis the Savannah Whitlin Pimp the Almighty: My mother Rowena Patton, my pops Tony Kearse, brothers: James, Marcus and Jason, sisters: Denise and Lolly, aunites, uncles, cousins, grandmamas and grandaddies. My daughter Jordan Alexus Patton, (my gull) Sherlita, the Dungeon Family, my homeboys: Mr. D.J., C-Bone, Nathaniel, Slim Jim, Lil' B, Angelo "Lo" Redding, Sheisty (in Texas), Nsilo, Bonzo, Rock "D", my folk: Ruthella, Tommy, Willie F, Nikki E, Playa Paul, J-Paul, Tracey Valentine, Chrystale, Raekwon (for blessin' the track), "Boogie Down" Blue, Erykah B, my godsons: Steven and Nikari, Najah, Ms. Wade, Keisha, Kenita, Princess, Sharon Benjamin (for keeping Outkast Inc. in the pocket) and the spirits of Ms. Renee Patton and my grandparents Earl and Flossie Hamilton for watching over me. A special shout out to Shanti "Shoestring" Das, Kawan "KP" Prather, Regina "I'll set it up" Davenport, Erica Hatchett, Michelle Montogomery, D.I. Warfield (P-nut) and Tony Mercedes a.k.a. MY FOLKS!!!! Peace.

Andre Benjamin Thank You's: The creator of all things, Mom, Dad, Ericka Wright (you're the greatest), my son Seven Sirius Benjamin, my family (you know who you are), the Dungeon family, Ready Rock, C-Bone (they scared of that "A"-town), Playa Paul, Nathaniel and all the instrumentalists who experimented with us on this time capsule. Stay strong, and quit being so damn scared people. Lay low.

Outkast Thank You's: Ok, ok, here we go...
- The Visionaries: L.A. Reid & Babyface of course
- The Big Boys Up North: Clive Davis, Lionel Ridenour and the whole Arista/BMG Family
- The Dungeon Family: Rico, Pat, Ray, Dee Dee, Mr. DJ, Goodie Mob, Lil Will, Lil B, Witchdoctor, Heroin, Backbone, Cool Breeze, Mone, Big Rube and the whole Organized Noize staff
- LaFace ("First ones in, last ones out"): Shanti, KP, Regina, Lisa, Lorraine, Erica Hatchett, Candy, Michelle, Sharliss, DL, Dorsey, Mark, Cliff, Gail, Tony Mercedes, Taiye and the whole LaFace staff past and present
- Flavor Unit: Big Blue a.k.a. Mister Manager, Sha-kim, Barkue and the Flavor Unit staff
- Legal Dream Team: Monica Ewing and Rose Delius
- Team Outkast: Ms. Benjamin, the glue to our family, Angelo, D. Square, DJ Swiff, Playa Paul, C-Bone, Rebecca and Big Ant
- Bookings R' Us: Cara, Adrienne Cupid (congratulations) and the staff at William Morris
- Check Please: Valerie Patton, Leeds Levy and Chrysalis Music
- Pack-N-Go: Lisa Anthony and the folks at Entertainment Tour Design
- The Hook Up: Nakida @ Nike, Lugz, Adidas and anybody else that wants to hook us up
- Our Guests: Erykah Badu, Seven Sirius Benjamin, George Clinton, Gipp, Khujo, T-Mo, Cee-Lo, Heroin, Big Rube, Backbone, Cool Breeze, Masatta, Witchdoctor, Raekwon, Buuullll!!!!, 4.0, Theresa Hightower, Pastor Robert Hodo, Sleepy Brown, Nathaniel, Jessie Hurt, Lil B, Uzi, Jason, Marcus, Walt, The Autry Twins & "Mel" Southside and all the musicians that worked on this project
- DA Engineers: NealHPogue (they scared), John Frye, Ralph Cacciurri, Kenny Stallworth and Blake Eiseman
-And a special thank you to every DJ, radio station, promoter, magazine and TV show that helped make Outkast what we are today
- Costume Makers: Afar Fashions, Ashaka Givens, J. C. and Euneika Rogers

- But the biggest thank you has to go to our fans. See y'all soon!!!! If you don't see your name, blame it on the mind and not our hearts

-

Michael "Blue" Williams for Flavor Unit Management
155 Morgan Street
Jersey City, NJ 07087

Outkast Fan Club
P.O. Box 161652
Atlanta, GA 30321

For information regarding Outkast merchandise, contact us at our website at www.outkast.com

-

Art Direction/Design: D.L. Warfield
Assisted by Nigel Sawyer
Photography: Tom Smugala
Cover Illustration: Greg Hawkins
Creative Coordinator: Courtney Taylor

Erykah Badu appears courtesy of Kedar Entertainment/Universal Records
Cool Breeze, Lil Will and Witchdoctor appear courtesy of Organized Noize/Interscope Records
Pat Brown appears courtesy of BANG II Records, Inc.
George Clinton appears courtesy of What Productions
Joi Gilliam appears courtesy of Limp Records
Debra Killings appears courtesy of Rowdy Records
Raekwon appears courtesy of Loud Records
4.0 appears courtesy of Savvy/Perspective Records

-

℗ & © 1998 LaFace Records. Manufactured and distributed by Arista Records, Inc., a unit of BMG Entertainment, 6 West 57th Street, New York, NY 10019. Printed in U.S.A. All rights reserved.

[Chorus: Gucci Mane ]
I got a tractor trailer cramed with powder
I got a van slamed down with pills
Got a whip that got a stash for bricks
I got a muthafuckin' trap on wheels (x4)
I pull up and I hit you with this
I got a muthafuckin' trap on wheels

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Got a trapper and the trail went global
Rollin' drug store my trap went mobile
Fifty thousand on a motorolla
60 pounds in the damn Corolla
I lost a sister she a hell of shoulder
She kept her mouth closed just like I told her
When she get out im a buy her a Rover
I got the crazy dope, my dope bi polar
Helpin' hand, I put my hand on yo shoulder
In the street I give you the cold shoulder
Afford the lean and afford this blow
I made a racing car outta my nose
I hit a hundred thousand just in the motor
So when I pull up on you niggas it's over
I'm smokin' purple right in front of you workers, I'm in the zone
Got a hundred Zones, will knock out yo business don't use the phone
Betta watch yo tone of voice, fuck boy
I got a tone
Got a gun that kill an elephant nigga, don't get me wrong
I put my trap house on Forgis nigga, I'm in the zone
Baby bottles, gotta pistol and a scale inside  

[?]

[Chorus: Gucci Mane ]
I got a tractor trailer cramed with powder
I got a van slamed down with pills
Got a whip that got a stash for bricks
I got a muthafuckin' trap on wheels (x4)
I pull up and I hit you with this
I got a muthafuckin' trap on wheels

[Verse 2: Young Scooter]
Mr. Ice Cream man, but I ain't got no fuckin' ice cream
It's a traphouse on wheels, ice cream truck with Forgis
Got dope, for sure, who made this beat? C4
Who got the streets? You know, you niggas don't rap bout dope
You still haven't jumped off the porch, private jet to New York
Made of steel, won't bend, I say nothin' in court
Guwop got a trap on wheels
Guwop got a trap on wheels
Since enrolled, trappin' at my mommas shill 

[?]
If ya a trap nigga, I know you're gonna trap, that is

[Chorus: Gucci Mane ]
I got a tractor trailer cramed with powder
I got a van slamed down with pills
Got a whip that got a stash for bricks
I got a muthafuckin' trap on wheels (x4)
I pull up and I hit you with this
I got a muthafuckin' trap on wheels

[Chorus]
I done grinded, I done grind, I wasted time, I've been to jail
I been to hell, did everything that I want
My baby mommy stopped beefin' about me
I can't help all of y'all, I want millions and everything that I want
My OGs that believe in me and and achieve with me
Oh yeah, everything that I want
Everything, but I want, everything that I want

[Verse 1]
Ha, you gon' miss this purse, you gon' be best friends
All your doin' is flexin', give me my necklace
Who the fuck you textin'
When I met you, you was nothin', you was nobody nexts
You was nobody prizes, now you a contestant
And you a lil' messy
But I'ma clean it up for you
You think I'm slow so I'm gon' speed it up for you
I'ma put you on my homie, he gon' beat it up for you
Cuz you ain't true, how the fuck your pants got a U, huh?
Why not your shit they can miss with my tool, hey
Bitch thinkin' I'm blue, really I'm red
I freestyle every time, how I do that?
Just get on the back of this beat like you got paid

[Chorus]
I done grinded, I done grind, I wasted time, I've been to jail
I been to hell, did everything that I want
My baby mommy stopped beefin' about me
I can't help all of y'all, I want millions and everything that I want
My OGs that believe in me and and achieve with me
Oh yeah, everything that I want
Everything, but I want, everything that I want

[Verse 2]
I believe I can 

[?] and then cut your lights
Young TI, you can have whatever you like
Yeah, we on the plane so we can take our flight
Let's travel to L.A. so we can take a hike
But if she screaming I'm feelin' like Ike
And yeah, I got them yopsters so you should fright
Unless it's Friday the thirteenth
Thousand dollar links, wintertime minks
Lean for the drinks, you can't even think
Money run just like a lake, better yet a sink
Baby, use your brain, better yet think
Now, bend over and let me hit you on this plane

[Chorus]
I done grinded, I done grind, I wasted time, I've been to jail
I been to hell, did everything that I want
My baby mommy stopped beefin' about me
I can't help all of y'all, I want millions and everything that I want
My OGs that believe in me and and achieve with me
Oh yeah, everything that I want
Everything, but I want, everything that I want

[Hook]
I like what you’re doing
Don’t stop it baby, keep it popping baby
Don’t, don’t, don’t
I like what you’re doing
Don’t stop it baby, I watch it baby
Cause I love it
I like what you’re doing, I said I like what you’re doing
I said I like what you’re doing, I like what you’re doing

[Verse 1]
Ok babe come here, come pick up 

[?] slack for me
Lose your attitude, you might get a slap from me
No gravity, I dress casually
She said she bored so I let her sip this Act with me
And now she acting, butt attractive, and Imma smash her
Then Imma kick her out of this castle
And let my lil niggas smash and grab her
Cause she’s a naughty nothing, they come a dime a dozen
I think her old man mad like a 

[?]
Big chest 

[?], back the fuck up off me
Blowing on dank, got your bitch at the office
Oops I meant the loft with a whole lot of bosses
I run around with paper, call my money equator

[Hook]
I like what you’re doing
Don’t stop it baby, keep it popping baby
Don’t, don’t, don’t
I like what you’re doing
Don’t stop it baby, I watch it baby
Cause I love it
I like what you’re doing, I said I like what you’re doing
I said I like what you’re doing, I like what you’re doing

[Verse 2]
Yeah, come here
Not you, your friend
Come here
We don’t drink beer
I got lean for days
Come over to my section
And join the Js
We got party parades
We drink lean and rave
For real, no play
Make you tell your old man what did I say
Rock, rock, rockstar baby
Drop the spike off your shoe and rock the star baby
Them bitches you got on is the latest
Cause I get more green than the Navy, yeah

[Hook]
I like what you’re doing
Don’t stop it baby, keep it popping baby
Don’t, don’t, don’t
I like what you’re doing
Don’t stop it baby, I watch it baby
Cause I love it
I like what you’re doing, I said I like what you’re doing
I said I like what you’re doing, I like what you’re doing
Okay
Okay, Eddie
This one's for you

Baby, don't be shy
When you're holding my hand
'Cause as time goes by
You got to understand it's you
(Can I dance with you?)

Ba-ba-ba-baby, in your eyes
I see it so clearly that our love is so strong
And you'll never go wrong
(Eddie) I do the best for you

So when you're in doubt
And you're needing someone
Baby, call my line, call me anytime
(Eddie) I'll be there for you (you, you)

I've been searching high (high, high)
I've been searching low (low, low)
Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-baby
Don't forget my number
Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-baby
Love is stronger than thunder
Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-baby
Don't forget my number
Love will see you through

I've been searching high
I've been searching low
Wanna spend my life with you
Ba-ba-ba-ba ba, ba-ba-ba-ba ba ba
Ba-ba-ba-ba ba, love will see you through

Ba-ba-ba-baby, in your eyes
I see it so clearly that our love is so strong
And you'll never go wrong
(Eddie) I do the best for you

So when you're in doubt
And you're needing someone
Baby, call my line, call me anytime
(Eddie) I'll be there for you (you, you)

I've been searching high
I've been searching low
Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-baby
Don't forget my number
Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-baby
Love is stronger than thunder
Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-baby
Don't forget my number
Love will see you through

I've been searching high
I've been searching low
Wanna spend my life with you
Ba-ba-ba-ba ba, ba-ba-ba-ba ba ba
Ba-ba-ba-ba ba, can I dance with you?
Ba-ba-ba-ba ba, ba-ba-ba-ba ba ba
Ba-ba-ba-ba ba, love will see you through

Baby (baby, baby)
Love is stronger than thunder
Ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba-ba-baby (baby)
Don't forget my number (number)
Love will see you through

Is Eddie okay?
I don't know
---I want to do this explanation of the seasonal theme from Tetsuo & Youth to clear up any confusion about it. There are 4 seasons in this album, and they don't really make sense until you listen to them from the ending (Spring to Summer), and it will all make sense eventually. Most people think that the vibe of a song corresponds with the season's portion it's in (Summer: happy light feeling songs/Winter: sad, harsh songs, etc.), but it is much more than that.
---Before we get into this breakdown, I should point out that the seasons and the whole album should be interpreted like a manga is. Let me explain why. A manga is sort of like a comic book in Japanese terms. Lupe is a huge fan of mangas and animes as he has brought up many different shows in multiple songs of his including one from T&Y, Mural. Anyways, when you read a manga, you read the lines left to right, but you visualize the pictures and story from right to left. In T&Y, you first listen to the album from Summer to Spring (front to back/left to right) because that is the conventional way to listen to an album, just like Summer to Spring is the way the order of the seasons go. This way you interpret each line for what it is, or in other word, you understand the meaning of each song individually and you form the pieces to the puzzle, but you are not putting it together just yet. When you finally understand the individual meanings that each song has to offer, then you can finally complete the puzzle and see the bigger picture. This is when you can listen to the album from Spring to Summer (see the pictures right to left/back cover to front). And from this you can understand the entire story, which is an auto-biography of Lupe's life thus far and what's to come. Click here to see what I mean. Lupe metaphors this story with four different references that can be heard from the whole album: a kid from the ghetto, a buddhist monk defeating Samsara, a player in a video game, and a picture being painted (which is the seasons meaning: I'll break it down later). To conclude, when you listen to this album front to back and read the lines left to right, you get the individual songs displayed in the order of how the seasons go, and when you listen to the album in reverse and see the pictures from right to left, you get the complete story.
---Starting with Spring, you can hear the kids, cheers, and fireworks throughout it and that could only signify one thing, the celebrations of a baby on it's way in a baby shower. This is clarified by the next track being T.R.O.N. (They.Resurrect.Over.New.) which is a video game that came out during Lupe's birth year. This is the start of Lupe's life. This is where Lupe is starting to be fed his influences for the final picture he will one day paint about his life.
---Moving on to the dark and scary part of the album, the next interlude, Winter, illustrates the struggles of life and shows the dangers of the ghetto that Lupe grew up in. This can be proven since they're are no kids playing in the streets during this time. The songs in this portion of the album symbolize the unfairness and the despair that are shown in tracks like Deliver or Chopper. Since the kids in this interlude can be assumed to be inside, one could assume that they are playing video games since that is who The Game is in their eyes. This is how they're introduced to the personified villain that will lead them into the hood activities later in their lives. Lupe here is being surrounded by a lot of negative factors and as a kid, he is left to wonder why. In other words, he is creating a visual picture in his mind and wants to paint it.
---The next portion of this album is the Fall interlude. This one comes after Lupe makes it through the Little Deaths in his hood and his friends getting locked up in the song Prisoner 1 & 2. Here he finally makes it out of his hood and sees brighter days up the road ahead. In this interlude, you can tell Lupe is starting to paint his picture of his life as you can hear the sweeping on a dirty floor. This not only symbolizes the raking of leaves that takes place in Fall, but it also symbolizes the brush strokes of a painting. This was used to portray Lupe dusting off his shoulders of the pain from his past and moving on with his life.
~ Note that you can also hear a small amount of children chanting again in this interlude while there was none present in Winter.
---Summer is the final interlude off this album and is basically the outro. After Lupe's struggles with his label on Dots & Lines, he finally sees the sunshine he was long so dreaming to see. Now if Lupe was born in the first track, T.R.O.N., would this mean that he meets his death in the last track, Mural? The truth is, yes. Lupe meets the death of his contract deal, and now he has the privilege and freedom to do anything he wants with his independency. When discussing the track, Mural, this was the song Lupe was writing in Fall and about his upbringing in Winter. Here Lupe kills that beat with a lyrical bombardment of bars for 9 minutes to clarify what he means, and speaking of death, Mural is a song that symbolizes the flashing of life before ones eyes before they die. With all the childhood references and more that was rapped about in the song, Lupe summed up everything he thought that life had to offer him before he reaches the afterlife in Summer. After this last track, All the kids can be heard playing again to portray a happy ending. The bhuddist monk defeats Samsara and reaches Nirvana, and so he goes off to heaven. The video game that started in T.R.O.N. has finally been defeated, the little kid from the ghetto in Winter has grown up into a respectful man, and the final picture has been painted with Mural.
---I think it goes without saying about how important these interludes are to the album. Without them the album would just not mesh together, conceptually nor sonically, but it is these transitions that help everything flow smoothly throughout. Not one word had to be said in them either, the feeling you get from each one was more than enough.

[Hook: Kat]
I go hard
See me running down the electric boulevard
Get up out of my face before the problem starts
If you want to act tough then meet me in the yard
Cause I go hard

[Verse 1: TI]
Talk to em, concrete solid
Please don’t confuse me with a wannabe, shawty
I’m a dope boy, remember me from 100 street probably
With a chopper in the ‘partment, get your wannabe bodied
Gotta angry mob at your front door
Commandin' 360 O's at the condo
Put all the jewelry in the bag with the bankroll
Or else your momma gon' be mourning like Alonzo
Then I be stuck in county, now 

[?] fucking fine bout it
He was 17 years old thugging
Shoot, I said who we, we don’t even speak
DJ Cannon blamming in the middle of the street
Come on

[Hook: Kat]
I go hard
See me running down the electric boulevard
Get up out of my face before the problem starts
If you want to act tough then meet me in the yard
Cause I go hard

[Verse 2: TI]
Ay, this concrete solid
Trap certified, shawty ask somebody
Hold up, there go, that sucker shit been running with it
Oh you winning fights? I’m used to winning war, come on with it
Yeah, ay, keep playing round with it
Throw you down and I stand up to the 

[?] with the gun, I did it
Look, and I ain’t bullshitting
Only one thing I require from a man
Respect when I look in the eyes of a man
And your words just as good as the lies of a man
Man, you violating, demonstration gon be mando
Guns like Amanda, take it far as it can go

[Hook: Kat]
I go hard
See me running down the electric boulevard
Get up out of my face before the problem starts
If you want to act tough then meet me in the yard
Cause I go hard

[Verse 3: TI]
Ok, if you ain’t heard, me and concrete solid
Best believe we are 

[?] under these niggas, try me
Keep it cool in the field when the shot fly by me like
Nigga stand still, five shots, I got it
Lights out, watch it go from a dot to the red spread
And he slumped over, all soggy now
Ay ask him what he think about it now
Ay never mind, I don’t want to talk about it now
Well, 

[?] again talk about it, how he out of here
Big shawty when he be talking to molly now

[?], get pound, 65 hundred if I drive to your town
Now cash, I’m the man when I ride through your town
Or I ride till I die on all the guys in your town
Now, will you pardon me
But you pussy ass niggas ain’t hard to me, c’mon

[Hook: Kat]
I go hard
See me running down the electric boulevard
Get up out of my face before the problem starts
If you want to act tough then meet me in the yard
Cause I go hard
I go hard
See me running down the electric boulevard
Get up out of my face before the problem starts
If you want to act tough then meet me in the yard
Cause I go hard

[Hook: T-Pain]
I reign supreme
Old school whip, on lean
You gone bow down to me
In the streets, they call me the king
They call me the king
They call me the king
I put it down for the crown so believe
That you gon bow down to me
They call me the king

[Verse 1: Bun B]
That’s right my nigga, ain’t no other way to address me
King of the trill and king of the underground for real, so don’t try and test me
In the south it’s like I’m a Presley
So make sure and use proper nomenclature
When you’re king, it don’t mean it don’t mean that no men hate ya
It mean that more men hate ya
We not kissing no ass to be accepted
So if you don’t fuck with me cool, guess what, I don’t fuck with you fool
But still I’m gone be respected
Calm down when shit get hectic
Turn up when they least expect it
And it’s always family first cause I would never leave them neglected
The hardest out here, we never soft
No hesitating, we’re breaking you off
But never the less, never will settle for less
I’m professor but just call me prof
I did what they wouldn’t and went where they couldn’t, you can’t deny it
Spoke up when others was quiet
Think that it’s easy? I dare you to try it
I been in the game, always gon be in the game as long as I choose it
Just know that it’s deeper than money, and deeper than media, deeper than music
So long as I keep it 100 with nothing to hide, they’ll never refuse it
That’s why I’m holding my own, seated on throne, I’ll never lose it
Because I’m the king

[Hook: T-Pain]
I reign supreme
Old school whip, on lean
You gone bow down to me
In the streets, they call me the king
They call me the king
They call me the king
I put it down for the crown so believe
That you gon bow down to me
They call me the king

[Verse 2: Big K.R.I.T.]
K-R-I-T, king of the south
Fuck what you heard, nigga fuck what you thought
Old school cheer, swinging like Thor
Bow down to greatness when you enter my car
Behead my foes, threw them in my vault
Got a bad bitch and she straighten my fur
Gripping wood grain like a battle ax, handle that
Staking my claim, nigga I was here first
Put my flag on it, multi till the sun die, better believe that bitch
On Mount Olympus throwing lightning bolts at these nonbelievers, did you see that shit?
I’m a country nigga with a bigger dick
On Ellen 

[?], she generous
My father helped me up at birth
Like you gon be king, no matter what state you’re in
I was like back back back then I’m breaded up like a bread truck
Breaded us, more of us, angels came to me in visions
Some of them sipping, I think you said enough
Ready to take over, just what you came for
When you pour the wine you can drink slow
I can see the hate from every angle
Watch me burn this bitch down like Django
Let me ride man, keep the grass cut in my kingdom
Cause that’s where the poisonous snakes like to hide man
Pushing my niece and my nephew on playgrounds the only thing Imma let slide man
Do it for people, forever been regal, you know that it’s real
I learned from the kings that came before me, man always stay trill

[Hook: T-Pain]
I reign supreme
Old school whip, on lean
You gone bow down to me
In the streets, they call me the king
They call me the king
They call me the king
I put it down for the crown so believe
That you gon bow down to me
They call me the king

[Verse 1]
She got a booty with a motor in it
Look at how she wind it
Shaking, popping, got my soda fizzing
I want to get behind it
I ate that ass about a week ago
I made her do the Shmoney dance
She hit the stage with that bikini on
Look like she got on money pants
Because she got a breadwinner, niggas tryna get in her
Thanksgiving, look at all that turkey dinner
Her ass go way back, America Online
I think I found a beeper in that motherfucker one time
She got that kind of booty that'll change a life
Put your head on it, nigga going night-night
Instagram from the gym, she got on them white tights
I done seen a lot of other booties, they ain’t quite right
She fine as hell
You can tell by her clientele
She a dime, if having that booty was a crime
I would make her pretty ass spend a night in jail

[Bridge]
She got me snitching on that motherfucker
Somebody pay attention to that motherfucker
She make me bite my fist
I guarantee that you ain’t seen an ass quite like this

[Hook]
Oh my god Becky
Look at that booty, that butt, that ass
Show me what you got
Girl drop it like it’s hot
Oh my god Becky
Look at that booty, that butt, that ass
Show me what you got
Girl drop it like it’s hot

[Bridge]
You got to do it if you gon' do it
Now how you gon' act
You know I’m looking, you don’t really give a damn who is
Bring it back

[Verse 2]
She keep tellin me to come and get it
Ain’t hard for me to find it
She ain’t playing, but she playing with it
I wanna get behind it
Professional—rump shaker, earthquake maker
She go to shaking and niggas get under tables
Her ass go way back, it’s from the 80s
She make it sing to you like a California Raisin
I slap that ass every night nigga
But I do it how she love it
When I bust it, I'ma bust it right nigga
That’s why she love me
She fine as hell
You can tell by her clientele
She a dime, at the very least, she a nine
She hit the stage and unleash that behind

[Bridge]
She got them hating on that motherfucker
But I be waiting on that motherfucker
She make me bite my fist
I guarantee that you ain’t seen an ass quite like this

[Hook]
Oh my god Becky
Look at that booty, that butt, that ass
Show me what you got
Girl drop it like it’s hot
Oh my god Becky
Look at that booty, that butt, that ass
Show me what you got
Girl drop it like it’s hot

[Bridge]
Oh my god
Oh my god Becky
Oh my god
Oh my god
Oh my god Becky
Oh my god
Oh my god
Oh my god Becky
Oh my god
Oh my god
Oh my god Becky
Oh my god

[Refrain]
I been waiting too long
And it’s obvious, I ain’t fronting
But you been taking too long
You got all that ass for nothing
What are we gonna do to fix this
I know what you want, you know what I need, let’s get it
Ooh, baby I’m with it
Ooh let’s get it on, ooh let’s get it on
I just want to sex you up
So lay down and take it how you said you was
I know what you want, I know what you need
Sex you up
So lay down and take it how you said you was
Ooh, you know what I want
And I just want to be the one to sex you up
So lay down and take it how you said you was

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
The sun goes down and the moon comes up
The blunts go round, everybody getting drunk all night, all night, yeah yeah
Pull up and I’m swerving, hopping out hella clean
Park it on the curb and make that fucking Chevy lean
You know I deserve it, I’m gone have a good time
We gone have a good time together, biddy bye bye
Goodbye all that bad shit, get that out your head girl
You came here to party, let’s do this instead girl
I know you deserve it if you free your mind up
We can have a good time whenever
How can I tell ya what I want to say, want to say
Without you sending me on my fucking way, fucking way
But I don’t mean no harm, a nigga just tryna see what’s cracking
You was walking round this party
Like you don’t know what happens

[Hook]
When the sun goes down and the moon comes up
The blunts go round, everybody getting drunk all night
You know we put it down put it down, all night
And we gon fuck around, fuck around
And now now everybody drinking, and everybody smoking
Party on, party on, I'ma keep this bitch going all night
You know we put it down put it down, all night
And we gon fuck around, fuck around, all night

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
Shawty what your name is, tell me this, tell me that
I love the way your frame is, drop it low, bring it back
I know why you came here, you gon have a good time
We gon have a good time together, biddy bye bye
Get this party started, I’m up in this bitch now
Throwing money in the air, everybody rich now
Hop up on this couch girl if you come and sit down
We can have a good time forever
I cannot tell ya, what I wanna do, wanna do
Cause I’ll do anything and everything to you, thing to you
But I don’t mean no harm, come and get on some of this pappy
You was walking round this party
Like you don’t know what happens

[Hook]
When the sun goes down and the moon comes up
The blunts go round, everybody getting drunk all night
You know we put it down put it down, all night
And we gon fuck around, fuck around
And now now everybody drinking, and everybody smoking
Party on, party on, I'ma keep this bitch going all night
You know we put it down put it down, all night
And we gon fuck around, fuck around, all night

[Verse 3: Pricetag]
(My girl bad with the baddest head
She in the bed doing magic tricks
We pass out after passing meds
We living on the jagged edge
So where the party at?
We gone smoke and spread love until Bob Marley back
And take shots at every bar we at
I feel like I got bar up cause these niggas hardly rapping
Girl you know my style, I’m Price, I know you want to go all night
Teddy Pender told me bout her type
Told me girl you ain’t nothing nice

[Verse 4: Oktane]
You ain’t s’posed to be out tonight
You got work tomorrow, probably got class
Got your girls with you, all of em got ass
And y’all got in for free to sit and look mad
Look here come to my spot, leave you purse and your camera phone
No pictures lil mama, leave that alone
Tryna get that from the back and the back alone
I know that’s too forward, but damn I’m on
Busting, and shake it cause you know you ratchet
Girl ain’t nobody looking, quit acting
Like you don’t what happens

[Hook]
When the sun goes down and the moon comes up
The blunts go round, everybody getting drunk all night
You know we put it down put it down, all night
And we gon fuck around, fuck around
And now now everybody drinking, and everybody smoking
Party on, party on, I'ma keep this bitch going all night
You know we put it down put it down, all night
And we gon fuck around, fuck around, all night

[Hook: T-Pain]
Man I be putting on for my niggas off in them streets
All my people up in that jailhouse, waiting up on that bail out
Dope boys tryna get up off of them keys
Man it don’t get no better than this
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, they know that, they know that
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, you ain’t never gon see me switch
Cause I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
850, that’s where I came from
Got all my niggas with me, bitch niggas it ain’t none
Were you think I’m getting my name from, somewhere you can’t come
Got kids off in that chain gang, bang bang, bum bum
That’s right, RIP to all of my street soldiers
Imma hold it down for you, Imma take these streets over, alright
I don’t know what I would do without this shit
Posted up on that corner, chuck that L up and I’m out this bitch
Like all the way to Miami, ridin’ to Lauderdale
Got that Florida State of mind, I might as well
Push that pedal down in that Chevrolet, hold it down for my whole state
Real niggas salute this shit, fuck niggas gonna hate me when I’m

[Hook: T-Pain]
Man I be putting on for my niggas off in them streets
All my people up in that jailhouse, waiting up on that bail out
Dope boys tryna get up off of them keys
Man it don’t get no better than this
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, they know that, they know that
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, you ain’t never gon see me switch
Cause I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city

[Verse 2: Yo Gotti]
I'ma pull up in a Phantom, doors in reverse
Hundred on the chain, couple hundred for the joints
Whole squad getting money, young nigga in a Porsche
Being real a way of life but blowing money, that’s a sport
Young nigga go and trap, we show up in court
Fuck the judge, lawyer pay, nigga we here for support
I’m from North Memphis, Watkins and Brown, same court
And I be in that kitchen with a pot and a fork
All my niggas my niggas, I don’t fuck around with no pussies
Get money, we break bread, I ain’t falling out bout pussy
Go hard for the neighborhood, and I put on for my city
Been to 50 states and 100 hoods and I’m still the king of Memphis

[Hook: T-Pain]
Man I be putting on for my niggas off in them streets
All my people up in that jailhouse, waiting up on that bail out
Dope boys tryna get up off of them keys
Man it don’t get no better than this
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, they know that, they know that
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, you ain’t never gon see me switch
Cause I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city

[Verse 3 – Snootie Wild]

[?] what’s up, fuck you think my thumbs up
Nigga try to runs up, he better have his guns up
Four years in that jail cell, four years and it was hell
Only thing I wish I can do, bring em all here
But I can’t save everybody, everybody want saving
Whole thing and I’m saving, here’s my kids, safe day
Hey, hey, what they want me to do
Hey, cause I don’t have a clue
Memphis Tenn what made me, Memphis drove me crazy
First 48, got my niggas taken
First deal on the plate, fuck it, Imma take it
You know the streets raised me, thought I wasn’t gone make it, hey

[Hook: T-Pain]
Man I be putting on for my niggas off in them streets
All my people up in that jailhouse, waiting up on that bail out
Dope boys tryna get up off of them keys
Man it don’t get no better than this
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
And we on, and we on, if we ain’t, we bout to be on
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, they know that, they know that
I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They know that, they know that, you ain’t never gon see me switch
Cause I’m flexing bitch and I’m representing my city
They call me firecracker cause I sparkle, sparkle
Ah, they call me sunshine in the dark I glow like neon gold, neon gold
On the dance floor, dance floor
I'm your midnight answer

Break up with your girlfriend, let me move in
I see the way you look at me and I loved you since
I put my eyes on you, eyes on you
In it to win
So I drop it like it's hot on the pole, sin sin

They call me firecracker 'cause I'm danger, danger
They say that I'm like crack because my taste will change ya
I'm neon gold, I'm neon gold
Go-go dancer, dancer
Light me up that cancer

Break up with your girlfriend, let me move in
I see the way you look at me and I loved you since
Put my eyes on you, eyes on you
I'm in it to win
So I drop it like it's hot on the pole, spin spin
You know I love you, right?
What else you looking for?
I am the go-go girl next door, door
I won't take no, no
For an answer
I'm in to win it
Let me be your private dancer, dancer
Dancer, dancer

Break up with your girlfriend, let me move in
I see the way you look at me and I loved you since
Put my eyes on you, eyes on you
In it to win
So I drop it like it's hot in the night club pole
Spin, spin
Spin, spin
Spin, spin
Spin, spin
Even my best days without you
Were nothing in comparison to my worst days
Once I had found you
Once I had you
I had everything
I had everything
I had everything
Please don't leave
It's all happening

When I was sleeping without you
Haunted by the baddest dreams
I asked you beside me
I have you, yes I have you
Smiling in your sleep
You would talk to me, in my wildest dreams
I never knew I'd find somebody like you
Like you
Like like
I'd find somebody like you
Like you
Like you
When I was sleeping without you
Haunted by the baddest dreams
At last you’re beside me
I have you, yes I have you
Smiling in your sleep
Pillow talk to me
In my wildest dreams
I never knew I find somebody like you
Like you
Like like
I find somebody like you
Like you
Like you

[Chorus 1]
There's a long hard road ahead
But a voice inside me said
"You know there's something that you need to know
It's gonna be alright"
Said "there's something that you need to know
It's gonna be alright"

[Verse]
When in this life, in this life when I can only turn my chin
I know it's gonna be alright
When this big old town is closing in and I've lost again
Here I could stay but I'll keep moving on
Here I could stay but I'll keep moving on
Could be I won't be wrong

[Chorus 2]
There's a long hard road ahead
But a voice inside me said
"Said there's something that you need to know
It's gonna be alright
Said there's something that you need to know
It's gonna be alright
So you got dry rot and your water pressure's weak
Your trash compactor's broke, the roof has sprung a leak
You just found out your toilet's overflowed
And your smoke detector's smoking
And your heater's gonna explode

But
I'll repair for you (when the roof starts to fall)
I'll repair for you (all the cracks in your wall)
I'll repair for you (every nail, bolt and screw)

Your washer's busted and your faucet drips all night
You got some termites with a healthy appetite
Well have no fear, I'll patch up every hole
And I'm licensed and I'm bonded
Even se habla espanol

So
I'll repair for you (when your doorknob is loose)
I'll repair for you (when your plunger's no use)
I'll repair for you (with a caulk and hot glue)
I am prepared to tackle all kinds of paste and spackle
You got a leaky shower, I'll be there in an hour
With stucco, bricks and plaster, I am a Jedi master
We'll help you through your crisis
Check out our low, low prices too, yeah

Your floors are sagging and your plumbing's shot
But if you don't mind my hairy butt crack every time that I squat

Then; I'll repair for you, anything that you need
I'll repair for you, and my word's guaranteed
I'll repair for you, I'll rewire it too
I'll repair for you
I'll repair for you
I'll repair for you, every nail, bolt and screw

[Verse 1: Solace]

The undisputed

Yo, higher learning
The tires burning
Niggas is rapidly swerving
A face looked familiar
But had to be certain
I popped a u-ey then I merged in
Matter was urgent
A dirty merchant, made him bleed like a virgin
Sent to the surgeon
Searching for them green berets
Trying to blow my dome off
Thrown off by decoys who dropped the maricon off
My Soviet niggas is ready for the Cold War
Machete you to confetti
And blow your brain to cole slaw
A roll call for my niggas that were nearly grazed
And for them early graves by them dudes that really blazed
And sing to your face with metal blades, serenades
I told you to look over your shoulder like Willie Mays
I come from where it's easiest to find anguish
Don't say a word
Speak with our hands like sign language
Divine language embedded into the rhyme patterns
So praise the savior that's saving you from the mind damage
And, oh well, the drugs'll sure to sell
But if you short a sale
They bout to pop you with the coppertop like Duracell
And all the swell kids that dropped out from outreach
Triple jab your cheek
Crack your teeth through the mouthpiece
These foul streets, meet your fate when the Tec releases
You'll be aight if you ain't playing chess with checker pieces
My nigga check the thesis

[Hook: Action Bronson & Solace]

For hookers selling pussy that'll never see a dime
And snitch niggas singing to the cops, dropping lies
For piggies asking questions but my people turn to mimes
And verbal motion picture, cinematic with the rhymes
For yen up in the envelope, purple in the dutch
And bare knuckle boxing, sneaking weapons in the fight
For clutches being popped and dipping boys up on a bike
This the illest shit you heard in your life

[Verse 2: Action Bronson]

Yo, ayo
Kinetic mind tricks
Live shit that power ships
Thought to message to the finger, lay the coward stiff
Foul kiss, bastard open bowel shit
Bleeding like Christina when I laid her on the towel shit
Sport the Filas, low cream, red and blue
Long jackets, smoking salad out the Jetta new
Whoever knew, we make it singing rap songs
From standing in a circle spitting verbal like a Mac strong
Went from a center for teens, to smoking sour like a surgeon
Swerving in the tunnel on the way to Queens
Knife in the Hansen, cloth over the phone for the ransom
Flow like a phantom
Bitches give me box cause I'm handsome
Roll down the window
Exhale, see flashing lights move
Dip the Babylon like a skater on the ice move
Alex Ovechkin
740, heavy flexing
Dirty Harriet on the body with the cherry Stetson
No not the Western
Hailing from the Eastern seaboard
That's word to me, you couldn't even see lord
Behind my eyes there lies a rugged man
Denominations in millions
Wrapped up in rubber band
Die with the gun in hand
Bronsonelli serve up a baby lamb smorgasbord
Big bosses, you peep the portraits in the corridor
Toke off a chalice
Switch to herbal ventilation
Misplacing families and shit through verbal devastation

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
Welcome to epicness, I’m so dope and it’s effortless
Yeah I’m tryna brag and boast
If you looking for the shit nigga step in this
Disa my ting, hoes in back room kissing my ring
Ready for the day, hit me with the Visine
Getting to the money, counting up the ice cream
Me a baller boy, she with me, you better not call her boy
I'mma pass her round to all my boys
Cause she want the nuts like Almond Joy
Yeah, price tag don’t matter
If it ain’t about money then it’s just chit chatter
Bank account steady climbing up the ladder
You can literally see all of my pockets getting fatter
But I’m over your head
Southern folk prolly getting swole in the head
But your girlfriend calling, wait
Something just broke in the bed
Nappy boy, win squad, nigga that’s my team
Balling, stunting, drinking, smoking, nigga
Disa my ting!

[Hook: KK Holliday]
Disa my sound an ah me have di crown
'Cause disa my ting
An ah me start the style, an ah me drive dem wild
'Cause disa my ting
If you waah make ah money then yuh affi work fah mi
'Cause disa my ting
Dem all want fi stop me, but dem ah just copy
Cause disa my ting
Here we go, hurry up, hurry up
Fuck nigga, disa my ting
Bitch nigga, disa my ting
Pussy hole, disa my ting
Disa my ting, disa my ting

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
Pimping since been pimp ass nigga
Whipping expensive whips ass nigga
They be tryna hold me but they know I got a Rolex that’ll make your fucking wrist go limp my nigga
You a zip my nigga, I bet your pocket full of lint my nigga
Errybody knows that I put it on these hoes
Got it sounding like a motherfucking chimp, my nigga
Welcome to the jungle dog, Balenciaga by the bundles dog
My bitch got to put a helmet on
My wide receiver don’t fumble balls
I’m rich as fuck and y’all like that shit
Smoke good nigga, light that spliff
Throwing money in the club, make it right back bitch
And I’m drinking like I don’t know what a nightcap is
Cause I ball too much, money too heavy and I’m 

[?] crutch
Get a quarter pound of the kush, fuck around later on put it all in the dutch
Nappy boy, win squad, nigga that’s my team
Balling, stunting, drinking, smoking, nigga
Disa my ting!

[Hook: KK Holliday]
Disa my sound an ah me have di crown
'Cause disa my ting
An ah me start the style, an ah me drive dem wild
'Cause disa my ting
If you waah make ah money then yuh affi work fah mi
'Cause disa my ting
Dem all want fi stop me, but dem ah just copy
Cause disa my ting
Here we go, hurry up, hurry up
Fuck nigga, disa my ting
Bitch nigga, disa my ting
Pussy hole, disa my ting
Disa my ting, disa my ting

[Verse 3: Kardinal Offishall]
Yo fuck boy disa my ting
When the girl dem see me
Dem say this is my king
Ay boy mi no really care
If you no like him
T Pain  ah mi  dog, big up the Vikings
Physics couldn’t see me when I’m on a mission
No sidekick, just a nigga with a trigger and a cool head
Pause for the cause, I’m a boss for the boss
I’m an OG with a G tucked in my drawers
I’m ahead of my time, with an animal rhyme
Like 

[?] when it’s Busta Rhymes
Got to finesse all my lines, got to impress all the dimes
When they see me right away they know disa my ting
I don’t play no games, yo this is my ring
Champion team, autograph the jersey
Melt them bars like Hershey
Lot of mercy, purse me, just don’t push me
Don’t make me lift up your skirt, expose your nature
I don’t rate ya, to me your garbage
Couple bodyguards, don’t make it the hardest
Artist, no sir, just a punk in a fur
I’m a hunk, and I don’t smoke skunk, just murder
The bass been in your trunk, clip your wing
If a pussy wanna test 

[?], disa my ting

[Hook: KK Holliday]
Disa my sound an ah me have di crown
'Cause disa my ting
An ah me start the style, an ah me drive dem wild
'Cause disa my ting
If you waah make ah money then yuh affi work fah mi
'Cause disa my ting
Dem all want fi stop me, but dem ah just copy
Cause disa my ting
Here we go, hurry up, hurry up
Fuck nigga, disa my ting
Bitch nigga, disa my ting
Pussy hole, disa my ting
Disa my ting, disa my ting

[Intro : T-Pain & DJ Drama]
Dam ba dum, Dam ba dum
It's so sad...
Wake up in the morning, with some real strange on my mind..
It's so sad... (Trendsetter)
Wake up in the morning, with some real strange on my mind..
It's just kinda natural, I got a tenancy to bury these niggas
I've been classify as I serial killer for quite some time...

[Verse]
Wake up in the morning, with some real strange on my mind...
Call me a murderer, that just send chills up my spine, my spine
Cause I know I'm a beast in the streets
And all this hate that I receive
Make me wanna eat them up like they my dinner
When all this tension get release, they stay away from me
But I got to let them know
That they fucking with a winner
I don't know what to do, and I don't know what to say, say
Cause I'm pretty much like you
Except you know I don't play, play
Hey, and my blood lust always gets in the way

[Chorus]
I don't fear these niggas
I don't feel these niggas
Everytime I look in the mirror
I say boy, I'ma kill these niggas
I say boy, I'ma kill these niggas
I say boy, I'ma kill these niggas
I say boy, I'ma kill these niggas (serial killer)
I say boy, I'ma kill these niggas

[Outro : DJ Drama ]
(Sylvester Stallone talking)
I mean you think that’s right?
I mean maybe you’re doing your job but why you gotta stop me from doing mine?
Cause if you’re willing to go through all the battling you got to go through to get where you want to get, who’s got the right to stop you?
I mean maybe some of you guys got something you never finished, something you really want to do, something you never said to someone, something…
And you’re told no, even after you paid your dues? Who’s got the right to tell you that, who? Nobody!
It’s your right to listen to your gut, it ain’t nobody’s right to say no after you earned the right to be where you want to be and do what you want to do!…

[Intro]
Whoop, Whoop, Whoop, Whoop
Pain!
Yeah

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
Hold on, wait a minute, baby, watch out
Shawty lemme do this
Soon as they bring the Ciroc out
Imma get foolish
Roll around town with the top down
Bumping my music
So when I pull up to the spot now
Er'body gon' snoop it
Like, c-c-c-c'mon baby ball out
With a couple niggas from the south
Girl, you know that you wanna do that-that-that-that
Hatin'-ass niggas in the club keep talking
But you know that they gon' move back-back-back-back
Cutey with a booty, she into me
Cause I wanna see that whole fuckin' thing go clap-clap-clap-clap
Shoot it when you toot it, keep it moving, keep it moving
Baby let me see you, look I got that swag, swag, swag, swag

[Pre-Hook]
I'm coming I'm coming, I can't ask for anything better, better
Rolling up blunts and I'm spilling weed all over this leather, leather
Drunk as a skunk and she want me to take off my sweater, sweater
But I'm too cool, took her back home
And I ain't really wanna give her this dick (give her this dick)
But

[Hook x2]
I did it anyway (Yeah, I did it anyway)
She said that I could come back anyday
Cause all we do is drink and fuck
Fuck and drink, no dinner dates
I put her on the dinner table and put my face in her booty like a vanilla cake
I gave her that dick

[Verse 2]
I don't give two shits
She wanted me to pull the cock out
And I'm like baby lets do this
Lemme see you work all that, girl
Keep doin' what you do, bitch
I'm in love with your head game
Shoot it with an arrow like cupid
Like pop-pop-pop-pop-pop that pussy for a nigga in his home
Girl I know you wanna do that-that-that-that
Soon as I hit you with the D, I'm pretty much guaranteed you gonna come back-back-back back
I'm gonna make you tell all your friend 'bout me soon as that thing go clap-clap-clap-clap
Shoot it when you toot it, keep it moving, keep it moving
Baby let me see you, look I got that swag, swag, swag, swag

[Pre-Hook]
I'm coming I'm coming, i can't ask for anything better, better
Rolling up blunts and I'm spilling weed all over this leather, leather
Drunk as a skunk and she want me to take off my sweater, sweater
But I'm too cool, took her back home
And I ain't really wanna give her this dick (give her this dick)
But

[Hook x2]
I did it anyway (Yeah, I did it anyway)
She said that I could come back anyday
Cause all we do is drink and fuck
Fuck and drink, no dinner dates
I put her on the dinner table and put my face in her like a vanilla cake
I gave her that dick

[Sam Cooke & DMX:]
I was born by the river in a little tent
Oh and just like the river I've been running ever since
It's been a long, a long time coming
But I know a change gonna come, oh yes it will

[Hook:]
Change gon come
Ch-ch-ch-ch-change gon come
Ch-ch-ch-ch-change gon come
Ch-ch-ch-ch-change gon come
Ch-ch-ch-ch-change gon come
Ch-ch-ch-ch-change gon come
Ch-ch-ch-ch-change gon come

[Verse 1: DMX]
Man, shit slipped through the cracks
I flipped through the tracks
Lay it in the studio, flip through the wax
It's time to bring the dark to the light
Change gon come but not without a fight
Niggas say one thing than do another
Stab me in the back but say you my brother
Shit ain't the same no more, it's different
Eh, eh, eh, eh man fuck all the riffing
I got a point to prove and moves to make
Knew for a long time you dudes was fake
I know a motherfucking snake when I see one
They look like one and move like one
So you gotta be one

[Hook]

[Verse 2: DMX]
Man, I played this game, then played that one
Fell for a minute but bounced right back son
Can't hold down the dog for long
Change gon come, that's the name of the song
You know what it is, cause you knew what it was
Let a nigga go, I'm a do what it does
Niggas sellin' they soul just to get a buzz
I fucks with you blood, I fucks with you cause
I'm out that mob that's built for war
BFW, kickin' in the door
We don't take no for an answer
I'm a go hard cause I have to
Bogard and I'm a clap ya

[Hook]

[Verse 3: DMX]
Man, niggas get so caught up in their bullshit
They don't know what's going on around them
Fake niggas I found them
Industry's moving in a different direction
Kinda like a bitch with an erection
Niggas been phoney for so long
Actin like they know me for so long
Time for cats to roll on
Here's new writing on the wall
I can't fuck with you for real
I can't fuck with you at all

[Hook]

[Hook: Usher]
If you look to the stars, you'll find that your not far from them
And if you follow your heart, you'll find that you'll be one of them
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Long days half sober nights
Unsigned performing at every open mic
God is all I needed to believe in me
Haters I tuned them out they were on another frequency
My momma never winded my decision
And all the bright lights never blinded out my vision
Music was my passion and my first crush
I'm just tryna ride the waves baby surfs up
When I'm down music gets me worked up
Plus in all my shows it gets women to pull they skirts up
What can I say I'm turnt up
I'm on fire these other rappers is burnt up

[Hook: Usher]
If you look to the stars, you'll find that your not far from them
And if you follow your heart, you'll find that you'll be one of them
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Yeah what an imagination
I'm a dreamer losing my concentration
Head in the clouds to trace my observations
Just connect the dots to all of the constellations
Looking for signs that's astrological
And I don't dream big my dreams are astronomical
So when critics write articles of my chronicles
I wonder if my hunger is felt in they abdominals
Hiding from life daily distractions
Where thoughts become things from the power of attraction
And I'm attracted to money and beautiful women
Ha and toasting to new beginnings, yeah

[Hook: Usher]
If you look to the stars, you'll find that your not far from them
And if you follow your heart, you'll find that you'll be one of them
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
Look its not long til the fights over
The turbulence is non stop till the flights over
So when passengers panic just stay silent
And realize its never too late to become the pilot
I fly higher take control of my destiny
The first step I needed me to invest in me
Its still an every day struggle for wealth
I'd rather struggle to working for me than working for someone else
And I'm steady tryna ease the stress
So I open up all the doors with the key to success
If it hasn't been done then I'mma do it first
Cuz I'm the master of the Ludaverse

[Hook: Usher]
If you look to the stars, you'll find that your not far from them
And if you follow your heart, you'll find that you'll be one of them
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long
And not long

[Intro: Ludacris]
Over a decade later
Let's toast to the good life
We still living the hood life
Welcome to my world Ludaversal

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Listen
I think I got the best job in the world
Cuz I ain't gotta take the piss test
Michael sending me Jordans every 1st of the month
Said his kids love me, ain't paid for a pair of kicks since
Why is it that when 'em niggas gettin' rich
The whole world just wanna get you some free shit? (Hahah)
Ain't that 'bout a bitch
Especially when they told me I'll never do shit, or be shit
I made it and never took you for granted
Took off and I never landed, supply whatever demanded and no one's ever handed it to me
I kicked it off with me and my special team and shot the 

[?] to me
Touchdown on my old turf, money and bitches sucking me in my microphone vest
And no, I'm not surprised at my own work, been taking niggas to school, go do your homework

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, and I been going around in circles
Like everyday is a rehearsal
Is my life your entertainment?
This has been my world, Ludaversal
This has been my world, Ludaversal
This has been my world, Ludaversal
My life your entertainment
This has been my world, Ludaversal

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Almost everyday I'm waking up in another city
Another country, a different climate and a time zone
Jet lag but I'm out of the bed fast for bad foreign bitches that I'm eager to lay my eyes on
So I opened up the blinds to the sky on
Wish that I could talk to God on my iPhone
I thank Him for all of his generosity
And for satisfying most of my curiosity
Fans asking me what it's like to be me
I always tell 'em it's more good than bad
They say I want what you got
I tell 'em you'll never have shit if you don't appreciate what you have
So I have learned to appreciate all the simple things
Like some good head and a fine wine
We all going through life searching for answers
And I been all around the world tryna find mine

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, and I been going around in circles
Like everyday is a rehearsal
Is my life your entertainment?
This has been my world, Ludaversal
This has been my world, Ludaversal
This has been my world, Ludaversal
My life your entertainment
This has been my world, Ludaversal

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
Seems like everyday is a holiday
Celebratory popping bottles and model days
Stereotypical rap shit personified
From 8 albums committin' lyrical homicide
These airports like international mazes
Now my passport needs additional pages
Then I'm staring out at another horizon
Staying fly even in the no fly zone
Bodies on board but my mind's gone
Ain't no better feeling than when I fly home
Staring out the window of the plane in the rains even the clouds need a shoulder to cry on
I'm crying cuz I'm living out my dreams
But this life is not easy as it seems
It's sorta similar to a crack game
Ain't no slowing down when you living in the fast lane

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, and I been going around in circles
Like everyday is a rehearsal
Is my life your entertainment?
This has been my world, Ludaversal
This has been my world, Ludaversal
This has been my world, Ludaversal
My life your entertainment
This has been my world, Ludaversal

[Big Rube]
Life is a gift
And we have a responsibility to live it
From the first breath to the last
Our future is built on the foundation of our past
Experience is a professor, and its test's at a highest pressure
While we can't afford to crack
We must bear not to break
Like a reed in the wind we go with the flow
While still reaching for the light
Avoid useless conflict while never running from the fight
The struggle that forever bubbles just beneath the surface
I'm dedicating to the service of self and to my people
And to never feeding the beast of unnecessary evil
We say the most when saying the least
Taking action to display our character
From the first second that we start to feast until the day that we break this barrier
So disparaging is the civilized savage relegated to antiquation only striving to become average
I'm much happier as a maverick
A cowboy that uses his cabbage to get more green than most niggas done seen
The good kind and never the bad bitch
The best that life has to give are the blessings of this life that we live
And everyday on everyplace 

[trying] not lose my way, I've had to learn
Just remember in any existence it's not the destination but the journey
Live your life

Just Blaze!

[Musical Outro]

[Ludacris]
Oh god! Oh god! Ugh..

[911 Lady]
9-1-1 What's your emergency?

[Ludacris]
Yes ma'am I got a hard problem, I got a hard problem...

[911 Lady]
Calm down sir, it can't be that hard, Okay?

[Ludacris]
No, no it can't, it-it can't... It is! My dick, it's been hard for over eight hours and it just won't go down!

[911 Lady]
Excuse me?!

[Ludacris]
I took one of them Viagras for the first time...

[911 Lady]
Word?!

[Ludacris]
And the first one didn't do anything, s-so I took another one...

[911 Lady]
OK..

[Ludacris]
And now my shit harder than titanium in this motherfucker, I've been knocking shit over...

[911 Lady]
Damn, I ain't had no dick in 6 months..

[Ludacris]
Why don't them shits come with directions?! I don't know what to do, ma'am help!

[911 Lady]
Hey girl, Lisa!

[Lisa]
Hmhm--?

[Ludacris]
--My god, what was I thinking...

[911 Lady]
--Cover my shift, forward this call to my cell and confirm his address!

[Lisa]
I got you!

[Ludacris]
Swear to god imma kill Tyrone and them niggas, I ain't never listenin' to them niggas again man, I swear!

[Lisa]
Mmm... Calm down, sir help is on the way!

[Ludacris]
I can't believe these bitches set my dick up for failure!

[911 Lady]
Well, what happened anyway?

[Ludacris]
I had, I had invited this chick over, you know what I'm sayin', this bitch I knew from a long time...

[911 Lady]
Mm-Hmm...

[Ludacris]
And she said she was with her friend, and they both wanted this thang, man, like they both wanted to jump me off, you know what I'm sayin', and then--

[911 Lady]
--Poor thang!--

[Ludacris]
--it started going to voicemail, man I HATE these bitches, man why do they need to be doing this stupid shit?!

[911 Lady]
Mm-Mm, sir, help is in the neighborhood!--Is it the last house on the right?

[Ludacris]
...Right on the right... right? No, they right, THESE BITCHES AIN'T RIGHT!

[Lisa]
Mm, don't worry about that! Momma gon' take care of you! Oh, is the one with the blow up dolls in the front?

[Ludacris]
The one in the cut, with the furry bushes... it's got some furry bushes, yes it does... I done wacked off like three times! I don't know what else to do!

[911 Lady]
Well, you ain't gotta do that no more! (opens and closes door)

[Ludacris]
What the hell you doin' in my house?!

[911 Lady]
Nigga, where the drinks at?!
Some days I think I love my whip more than I love my bitch
Everytime we argue I just hop up in my whip and split
And my car never talk back to me
It just turn up and play this track for me
Then my girl get jealous and try to wild on her
Calling her used cuz the Acura got so many miles on her
And try to make her feel inferior
Since I'm rubbing all on my Acura's interior
Whenever I'm with either of my ladies I just love her
See cuz one rides me while I ride in the other mane
I'm bout to go get in some trouble mane
With the one that's like my sidekick the other thinks she my mother mane
And I ain't with that
They both got mean bodies but with this Maserati see how I trip that
Pretty feet with nice paint and they both drop the top
And both crushing everything in the parking lot
Gone

[Verse 1]
Where there's a will, there's a way, kinda beautiful
And every night has its day, so magical
And if there's love in this life, there's no obstacle
That can't be defeated
For every tyrant a tear for the vulnerable
In every lost soul the bones of a miracle
For every dreamer a dream we're unstoppable
With something to believe in

[Chorus]
Monday left me broken
Tuesday I was through with hopin'
Wednesday my empty arms were open
Thursday waiting for love, waiting for love
Thank the stars it's Friday
I'm burning like a fire gone wild on Saturday
Guess I won't be coming to church on Sunday
I'll be waiting for love
Waiting for love to come around

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 2]
We are one of a kind, irreplaceable
How did I get so blind and so cynical?
If there's love in this life we're unstoppable
No, we can't be defeated

[Chorus]
Monday left me broken
Tuesday I was through with hopin'
Wednesday my empty arms were open
Thursday waiting for love, waiting for love
Thank the stars it's Friday
I'm burning like a fire gone wild on Saturday
Guess I won't be coming to church on Sunday
I'll be waiting for love
Waiting for love to come around
(Co-co-come around)

[AD LIB] - The Dream
Lil' mama let's go!

[Intro] - DJ Drama
I gotta be honest...the one I'm with now
She's so bad, when we go there it get's better everytime
I mean when you look at her it's like gaddamn! Baby, just let your hair down so I can pull on it...You know the voice

[Verse 1]
Going in straight to the floor with it
Gonna do like a stripper on the pole with it
Gone roll to the left, gone roll to the right
Now back it up, like a truck
That’s it baby, on your toes with it
Go and pop that pussy like I’m all in it
Been at work all day, swinging my way
Get this drink in your cup, shawty get fucked up

[Hook 1: The-Dream]
And let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Shots and champagne
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
I got you babe

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
Go and make me want to spend some money on it
Too sweet, shawty put some honey on it
Girl what’s under there, what’s under thar
You shaking that gummy bear on my gummy worm
Go and back it up like a Cadillac
You can cause a wreck, I run it to the back of that
You want me to take it, and let you have it back
You can’t leave, girl I ain’t having that
I make you say ooh
Girl if you want to move I can show you what to do
So don’t be standing over there acting all funny
Go and get rid of that scrunchy baby

[Hook 2: T-Pain]
And let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
For The-Dream and T-Pain
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
I got you babe

[Verse 3: Vantrease]
Go ahead shawty, shake that ladidadi
Two shots, come and deep throat it for me
Three shots, Imma fuck around and walk up on it
Could drop a band on you shawty
Head down, fuck around and throw a fitted on it
Shawty dance like a stripper, she’ll drop it on it
And all this money in the air got your name on it
Cause I got you babe, oooh
Girl, tonight I need something for me to pull on
So relax baby and let your hair down

[Hook 2: T-Pain]
And let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
For The-Dream and T-Pain
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
Let your hair down, let your hair down
I got you babe

[Hook]
One day niggas gone learn not to fuck with me
The heater on my side, I’ll burn me a fuck nigga
Fuck nigga, I got trust issues, I don’t really trust niggas
You only got one life to live, might as well turn up nigga

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
Better duck nigga, unless you got a bulletproof truck nigga
Cause you the only one throwing money in the club
You the only one that’s gone be stuck nigga
Your ass out of luck nigga, tryna stunt but you’re stunting too much nigga
And my face just way too pretty
So I ain’t tryna punch niggas
What’s up nigga?
Everything cool right now but it could go left
So I don’t trust niggas, no niggas, I don’t even trust myself
It get deeper, mama said y’all niggas don’t give a fuck till the crew hot
And I believe her
One of these days you niggas gonna try to take me out like 2Pac

[Hook]
One day niggas gone learn not to fuck with me
The heater on my side, I’ll burn me a fuck nigga
Fuck nigga, I got trust issues, I don’t really trust niggas
You only got one life to live, might as well turn up nigga

[Verse 2: Young Cash]
I done laid in a niggas bushes 3 whole days and 3 whole nights
Just served that boy a whole thing but I got to get my shit byke(back)
I got trust issues, I don’t fuck with you, nigga might be them federals
So I serve a nigga then rob a bank, hit the strip club then blow a check at Follies

[?] nigga on G code, since serving out the trap out the peephole
Got a sawed off shotty and an automatic weapon
On the couch sitting there like it’s legal
And no nigga, I am no Migo
I’m a Florida nigga and you can get your issue
And I don’t even trust you niggas in my dreams
So you know a nigga still sleeping with the pistol
Like that!

[Hook]
One day niggas gone learn not to fuck with me
The heater on my side, I’ll burn me a fuck nigga
Fuck nigga, I got trust issues, I don’t really trust niggas
You only got one life to live, might as well turn up nigga

[Verse 3: Sean Jay]
I’m ahead of my time, and everybody late
Ain’t nobody real, everybody fake
I’m a diamond in the rough man, you just fugazi
Smoke can't stand me, Ludacris hate me
Nappy Boy shit, we make bread
Cut a nigga off like T-Pain’s dreads
If Cash don’t like you, I don’t fuck with you
99 percent of these boys fuck niggas
And 99 percent of these rappers nowadays is gay
On the low they probably fuck niggas
And that’s where you lost me
Before I trust niggas I’d rather take prescription pills from Bill Cosby
Two words for you, blucka! blucka!
Clique tighter than pants on Thugger Thugger
Then get robbed, see them killers in the masks
You ain’t on this song, got a bullet for your ass like

[Hook]
One day niggas gone learn not to fuck with me
The heater on my side, I’ll burn me a fuck nigga
Fuck nigga, I got trust issues, I don’t really trust niggas
You only got one life to live, might as well turn up nigga

[Verse 1]
Hey, I know they feeling it, I’m killing it all
Hey, I know they feeling it, I’m killing it all
Hey, I know they feeling it, I’m killing it all
I love this shit, I fuck with this, we on
Patron shots, turn up a notch, we gone
How does it feel babe, you all up in my zone
And I keep it real babe, I want to take you home

[Hook]
And I be hollering bartender, we need another round
I’m buying out the bar with her, you know it’s going down
We about to turn up to another level
Give me that white and that brown and I got you covered
Oh by the end of the night, I think Imma love her
Right now, right now, right now, turn up to another level
Give me that white and that brown and I’ll make your day
How do you feel about going all the way
How do you feel about going all the way
Going all the way

[Verse 2]
I got that lift, now go and hit this shit and get into your zone
I’m about to roll another from that loud pack, that loud pack, that strong
Yeah I keep it social, baby girl if you want some don’t be shy, just let me know
If you want to do something real just for the night
We on the way to that upper level, that drink almost gone
You need some more in your cup, fucking right
And I be hollering bartender, give me two double shots of crown
Cause we need to be turned just right, you know it’s going down

[Hook]
And I be hollering bartender, we need another round
I’m buying out the bar with her, you know it’s going down
We about to turn up to another level
Give me that white and that brown and I got you covered
Oh by the end of the night, I think Imma love her
Right now, right now, right now, turn up to another level
Give me that white and that brown and I’ll make your day
How do you feel about going all the way
How do you feel about going all the way
Going all the way

[Verse 3]
Baby I know that you ain’t got nowhere to go now
And as we leave this place, go and 

[?}​ cup, it’s bout to go down
Come on now shawty, put on a show now
It’s Nappy Boy up in this bitch, if you ain’t know you bout to know now
Now we might have to turn up, she just topped the bottom of that bottle
If you ain’t feel it yet you know I got more
That 5 hour energy, Nuvo and Hennessey, take it full throttle

[Hook]
And I be hollering bartender, we need another round
I’m buying out the bar with her, you know it’s going down
We about to turn up to another level
Give me that white and that brown and I got you covered
Oh by the end of the night, I think Imma love her
Right now, right now, right now, turn up to another level
Give me that white and that brown and I’ll make your day
How do you feel about going all the way
How do you feel about going all the way
Going all the way

[Verse 1]
A thousand rounds, about a million shots
I’m going pound for pound, so I can feel the drop like (woah!)
But I can’t enen feel my hands
But this liquor in my system make me need to go and dance
I - wanna go, hit a thousand chicks, like I got a thousand dicks
But I really need just one, Imma take her to my house 'n shit
Lounge 'n shit, yeah, we gon' drink until we fall
But I’m gon' sip a little bit more 'cause I just can’t feel it at all

[Hook]
Is this love?
I know it ain’t but we can say it is right now
How crazy is this? From the club
Now you 'bout to have the best sex - ever (woah!)
You wouldn’t know I did it like that, shawty
So never say never
Look out below!
We was just up in the club, now we 'bout to have the best sex - ever
You done heard it all before, I guarantee that I do it better
Look out below!
We was just up in the club, and we just had the best sex - ever
Hold up, wait
Ok, you gotta go (Peace!)

[Verse 2]
Back in the club, fresh from under the covers
Mouth still smelling like pussy, hands still smelling like rubbers (Oh yeah!)
What’s up shawty, come and sip on this moscato
Me and my niggas got VIP sections, you think that we just hit the lotto (we got money, oh wait)
Girl you need to understand, that the more that I keep drinking
I’m gon' need to put my hands on that (whoop, go 'head)
Right now we don’t give a damn
But that pussy getting gushy like you peed up in your pants

[Hook]
Is this love?
I know it ain’t but we can say it is right now
How crazy is this? From the club
Now you 'bout to have the best sex - ever (woah!)
You wouldn’t know I did it like that, shawty
So never say never
Look out below!
We was just up in the club, now we 'bout to have the best sex - ever
You done heard it all before, I guarantee that I do it better
Look out below!
We was just up in the club, and we just had the best sex - ever
Hold up, wait
Ok, you gotta go (Peace!)

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
Lamborghini dreams, bitch I mean what I say
Do it for a purpose, you just here by mistake
Put that lobster over here by that steak
If you looking for some hits, I got ten on the way
I ain’t fucking with these niggas, I’m an industry virgin
Penitentiary flows, reinventing the cold
Listen to these niggas venting they soul, getting they hoes
Fuck her dead raw then leave that bitch in the cold, woah
I probably shouldn’t be doing this while I’m pissed off
Cast told me get in this bitch and just get my shit off
Boy I been off the chain, I decided to let the pit off
And as far as autotune, its’s my dick you niggas can get off
We winning though, Nappy Boy bicentennial
It’s all about principalities when you fuck with the principle
So take notes or let that motherfucking pencil go
Pizzle though, Nappy Boy, bitch I’m invincible

[Hook: Vantrease]
My nigga this is business, so don’t take it personal
If you don’t have my best interests, then you’ll be the first to go
I can hear them all talking, sounding like a broken record
It’s the same old thang
I don’t sweat them motherfuckers, I just keep it 100
Do the same old thing

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
If you ain’t got me, I ain’t got you, I don’t give a fuck about you
And you bout to see all of the shit that I can do without you
I’m a monster, I defeat crews
Get on my diet bitch, see food, eat food
Like you got to question what I do it for
The ball in my court, what you shooting for?
What you think I’m rapping writing, singing, and producing for?
I be handling that shit that you making excuses for
Let’s keep it G and I can move on
Keep it cool holmes, keep your shoes on
Drop dead gorgeous, I get my crews on
You ain’t heard about Teddy Pain, turn the news on
Zoom gone, out the general vicinity
If niggas act like bitches then bitches is getting finicky
Nappy Boy, homie can I get a witness
You don’t want to end up on the shit list

[Hook 2]
My nigga this is business, so don’t take it personal
If you don’t have my best interests, then you’ll be the first to go
I can hear them all talking, sounding like a broken record
It’s the same old thang
I don’t sweat them motherfuckers, I just keep it 100
Do the same old thing
I can hear them all talking, sounding like a broken record
It’s the same old thang
I don’t sweat them motherfuckers, I just keep it 100
Do the same old thing
Do the same old thing
The same old thang
Grip-a-matic, strip an addict
Right to her Skivvie's
Muthafucka, whip a batter
Make one false move, all your shit'll shatter
Serve this long, White dick
Shit'll shift her bladder
Shift the gears, grab the engine
Make the pigeons scatter
Cop my fam a bunch of cribs
And make them millions matter
Coming straight up out of Queens
The clique is getting fatter
Pop your head right off your neck
And drip forensic matter
Eastern Promises
My whole conglomerate, acknowledge it
Any second could blow on some Osama shit
Obama money on the plastic
Cop a sandwich
.45 describe the weapons that get brandished
I'm pulling strings like a bass player
That tastes paper
Conduct business like a gentleman
The K scraper
Cruise the city for some chicken with some great flavor
Not talking Disney, slip a Mickey, then I date rape her
Jumpsuits and sandals
We all superintendents, goonies and henchmen
No reason to get stupid, offended
Cause we ignorant people
Two headed eagle
From the mountains

[?]
Brew the beer like the muthafucking ruler's here
I'm the one that's known to hold the big cajones here
Mixed breed like a muthafucking cougar bear
Play the corner like I'm Bodie for the coupe to stare
Bronsolino, Brosolovsky, the Ali Bronsoni, Uhh, yo, Outdoorsmen, one

[Verse 1]
Man I been drinking, drinking all weekend, stunting
I be rolling up in that big body, I’m hunting
I’m feeling freaky, freaking a Costa Rican like it’s nothing
I’m drunk as fuck and that’s the end of my discussion
I’m a bad role model, now look at how I’m rolling
Ball so hard, look like everything stolen
But a nigga been hustling, a few budgets done got opened
I done brought a few hustlers in, got cocked back and reloaded
Now I’m getting at these hoes, getting at these hoes
I don’t give a fuck if they dimes, I’m throwing pennies at these hoes
But I might hit the strip club and get busy on these hoes
Or counting out some of these ones just depending on my mode

[Hook]
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
Man I been styling, styling on these weak niggas for decades
They worry bout me and I’m just worried bout how to get paid
They get a few months in and they call me when their shit fade
But don’t call me nigga, keep listening to what that bitch say
I’m a threat to the industry, a hot commodity
Thots call me hot chocolate
When I offer to hop in my Audi they opt out of whatever you slopping in
I’m taking over again, the mission is mine
Imma get it back operative
So if you running low on your dough
Then it’s best that you know where the fuck that top ramen is
Synonyms, homonyms, whatever I gotta do to get a nigga back on
Dividends coming in, said it’s too hot for you, so nigga take it back home
I got this, I need you to understand one thing, that you not this
How you think I got rich, sit back nigga, watch this

[Hook]
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
I'ma be like (1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Intro]
Nigga, eat these nuts
Yeah, know what I'm saying?
Death Row in the motherfucking house
Check it out

[Verse 1]
Rat-tat-tat-tat late at night with my gat
On the streets of LA
Wondering where the pussy at
Straight player, looking for a ho
Hanging out, rolling in my '64
16 switches for the niggas in my hood
17 shells so I make it understood
Stay back, lay back, way back in the cut
You come outside, nigga you getting fucked up
I done told you, creep, creep you best move
Like Luther Vandross, I'm fucking up the west coast
I'm right back up in you when you nut
1-2-3, nothing from the D-R-E but
This is for the hoes that I used to know
When I didn't have my '64 and a lot of dough
I keep it like this and like that and I-

[Hook: Dr. Dre (Snoop Dogg and RBX)]
(Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back)
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I
(Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back)
Rat-tat-tat-tat tat ta tat like that, and I
(Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back)
(Never hesitate to put a nigga on his back)

[Verse 2]
Hocus-pocus, here comes the loc'est
Nigga that you know, on Death Row
Dre, the motherfucking docta'
Yeah, with the shit that'll rock ya'
Stop ya', right in your tracks
If you dig 'em, you dug 'em and dig 'em good for a smack, black
Back to the hood, nigga
Where my homies on the corner throwing it up and don't give a fuck
About a cracker jacker with a bag of white
Motherfuckers (?) now I'mma smack 'em
With the grip of that gansta shit
That be humping and bumping Compton
The city I'm from, you can't get none
Try to step up and you'll get done, diddy-done
One fool tried to get with me
He wasn't shit to me
So I had to let Nina go
Ratta tat tat, ta tat tat tat tat
Yeah, niggas better recognize
You ever had a TEC-9 in the middle of your eyes?
I keep it like this and like that and I-

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Creepin' and peepin' and I can get with these
The chronic, slangin' fat ki's from my block
And it don't stop
Tell me where ya wanna go
To the strip
Or take a trip bawlin' with the row
My shit off in ya system attacks
Endo smoke in ya lungs, like that
You get lifted, calm, and if it's da bomb
Taken away like Calgon on Vietnam
California, back and on a mission, makin' a point
Ain't no fuckin' competition
They wishin' but run up on reality
CPT, CAL my locality
It's strange how I re-arrange and change the business
By droppin' shit like this
Dope, niggas can't cope with the real
I peal, penitentiaries still, when I kill

[Hook]

[Verse 1]
Who got that dro
Man I told y’all that I wasn’t gon smoke no more
You break it up, I roll
Y’all take this one, Imma smoke this one solo
Cause I, cause I bought them swishers baby oh
Don’t, don’t, don’t drop that blunt-duh-duh
I ain’t been having no fun tonight, and everything in my crib fucking up, oh no
And I don’t know what I'ma do
But as of right now I need this shit more than you

[Hook]
Cause I been tripping, and I just need to be smoking
And I might not let you hit it
Cause this bitch it got me choking
Man I been so stressed out
I done got myself into some mess now
Man this bitch been tripping, somebody call some hoes in
I don’t know what to do, but I need to be smoking
Too much shit done went wrong, don’t want to be on my phone
I need to be smoking
And I can’t even go out, because of my bank account
I need to be smoking
Too much shit done went wrong, don’t want to be on my phone
I need to be smoking
And I can’t even go out, because of my bank account

[Verse 2]
Man this that fire, this that 420, that Afghan, that loud
And we don’t want none of that trash can, bye bye
Roll one more up before this one go out
Man I don’t want to come down
Cause I got too much shit going on that I don’t want to think about
And this shit right here keep it to where I ain’t even got to drink a lot
Cause I got hoes coming over that’ll stroke this pole for the dozier
And that won’t solve none of my problems but I damn sure need this closure

[Hook]
Cause I been tripping, and I just need to be smoking
And I might not let you hit it
Cause this bitch it got me choking
Man I been so stressed out
I done got myself into some mess now
Man this bitch been tripping, somebody call some hoes in
I don’t know what to do, but I need to be smoking
Too much shit done went wrong, don’t want to be on my phone
I need to be smoking
And I can’t even go out, because of my bank account
I need to be smoking
Too much shit done went wrong, don’t want to be on my phone
I need to be smoking
And I can’t even go out, because of my bank account

[Verse 1]
Man it’s too many angels around me to be worried bout your evil plans
We make mistakes but that’s just what it takes to be the man
I sacrificed the rest of my life just to feed my fam
They upped the price, and I rolled the dice out of either hand
I didn’t get the memo, nobody told me the plan
The N or the O, what part didn’t you understand?
Hundred grand, I’m finna go honey ham
Looking at these Uncle Toms point fingers like Uncle Sam, fuck em man
I’m on fire, I am too hot for you light burners
I might hurt you, my music slap you like Ike Turner
Sit back and listen, I might learn you a thing or two
I ain’t just saying fuck a nigga, look at what my finger do
You can tell I been drinking coffee with no cream
My life is a movie and you ain’t made it in no scenes
They been sleeping on me and they still ain’t having no dreams
But if you tryna rest I hit you with lyrical codeine

[Hook]
Lay down, relax
Lay down, relax

[Verse 2]
They say get in where you fit in
So everybody tried to make their space too small for me to fit my shit in
But that’s cool, I ain’t tryna fuck your operation
Fuck the initiation, what’s my obligation?
And if I got to do something out of the ordinary
Being part of your organization is sort of scary
I’m not tryna be one of them dudes that’s always a thug
Becoming a part of the haters that are starting to love
Uh, open your eyes and smell all of this money
You might suddenly realize you did all of this for nothing
My spatula game will flip that shit that you fabricating
Turn the track on and I’m back on, and now you’re back to hating
I’m infatuated with bringing that shit up out a nigga
It ain’t really a benefit if you gone doubt a nigga
You acting like your style fell from the sky
Good news is you got it from a hell of a guy

[Hook]
Lay down, relax
Lay down, relax

[Verse 1]
This is the moment
The kind we only get to see in the movies
Explosion
I can’t explain what you do to me, hey
I ain’t frozen in time
This has got to be what love is
Tell me you’re mine

[Hook]
I can’t remember what enough is
You got me tweaking, got my heart jumping up there
Make me go deeper, got them lights up and that TV down
Turn up them speakers, don’t speak
I just want to hear your heartbeat
I don’t want to go nowhere, I don’t want you to leave
I just want to hear your heartbeat
I don’t want to do nothing, let’s just sit here and breathe
I just want to hear your heartbeat
And when the daylight shines on us, and we ain’t had enough
There’s no sound, just you and me, and heartbeat
And heartbeat

[Verse 2]
I can’t control it
It’s like your running electricity through me
I’m focused, yeah, I want to show you the real me, yeah
What’s going on in your mind?
I wish you knew how good your touch feels
Tell me you’re mine

[Hook]
I can’t remember what enough is
You got me tweaking, got my heart jumping up there
Make me go deeper, got them lights up and that TV down
Turn up them speakers, don’t speak
I just want to hear your heartbeat
I don’t want to go nowhere, I don’t want you to leave
I just want to hear your heartbeat
I don’t want to do nothing, let’s just sit here and breathe
I just want to hear your heartbeat
And when the daylight shines on us, and we ain’t had enough
There’s no sound, just you and me, and heartbeat
And heartbeat

[Intro]
I'd advise you to turn back
It's not safe

[Chorus]
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at

[Verse 1: Cubo]
Papa Dade county nigga I rest my feam
Triple my dough with a triple beam
Laid back in the back with a cat on my lap
And a fastac ready to serve a feen
I live a dream and work my spot
I ain't talking about clicking rocks
I'm talkin' 'bout that shit you blow
When you ride around and you push that drop
Blueberry I put you down, 38 might get you a pound
34 how the fuck you sound
And 33 get a bitch shot down
Come down to overtown
Where them boys roll with a 4 pound
And and 4-5 with a deuce-deuce
Look at all boys they get loose
Watch out, Cubo's coming
Coming through when he spitting something
Some of y'all are spitting nothing
Frontin' like you killing, what!
Imma rep, 305, till the day, that I die
You niggas got a problem with a nigga like this
In the club, that shit, we could go outside
Let em fly, ride a clip, lose the clip, shoot the clip
Y'all niggas don't want no beef with me
I'm telling you niggas seriously
Ain't nothing wrong with bangers
Leave a nigga cooked like angus
Niggas wanna drop with that anus
I'm telling y'all niggas we dangerous

[Chorus]
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at

[Verse 2: Pitbull]
Rock rock bottom of the map, where it's at
There's no receipts in these streets
If you cop it, you keep it, that's that
I got that fal-con of glued mentality
I do this for every hood, every block
To the ones that push keys
To the ones that push petty rocks
If you pull off that, then I pull it pop
Lemme show how them boys down here roll
They know how to cook a yellow slab
To match their mouth with yellow gold
No job's a handful of work
And the bitches down here work poles
These bootlegers pimp harder
They niggas they the ones that work hoes
D-A-D-E where we sell coke and hoes
From pools to C-C-O-T to OP, Windwood, to AP
Them boys up pull up in the van, jump out like the A-Team
And they love, and they love to spray things
Let's not talk about the night
Cause this just a motherfucking day thing
Welcome to the bottom, we call it the crib
B-E-T, that's how we live, banana clips will leave ya
You banana split, we got plenty bullets to give
So fuck that South Beach shit, yeah, that's what it is
Next time y'all come to the bottom
Make sure y'all come over the bridge

[Chorus]
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at

[Verse 3: Bun B]
I'm from the bottom of the map baby, the bottom of the atlas (atlas)
The bottom of the globe, where they stuffing dope in the mattress
And how do they cash into yours, stashing guns in they rides
And be the snitch ass niggas be badder than pride
I'm in that big body, pins on fold, no grub
I don't ride with a Mork, and I don't roll with scrubs
I don't party in clubs, and don't laugh and clown
Keep it one hundred and one, man don't be fucking around
Cause in my side of the city, pretty shit don't live
Nice shit don't exist, and ain't no love to give
What you want out of this life you gots to go out and take it
Cause they ain't giving one no opportunities to make it
You come in this world naked, and mama can dress you
But sooner or later, you come out and deal with the pressure
There are niggas that you've lost only to not return
So whatever you've earned, protect it, or burn
It's time you learned

[Chorus]
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at
Rock Bottom
On the map
Where's it at

[Hook)
Finally (x4)
I made it to the top getting all this guap never gone stop
Finally (x4)
I know that they hate it, I just been waited
I had so much patience
Finally
My whole team in here right now
Finally
I made it to the top counting all this guap never gone stop
On the block hot, all my boys hot
Never gone stop
I finally made it to the top
I'm counting my guap

[Soulja Verse]
I just been real from the start
I just been going so hard
All of my team got heart
I just been waited I had so much patience now we made it to the top
They saying soulja man you finally did it
I had to do it, did this shit for my city
My team wit me, man these niggas they killing
We getting money we got hunets and fiftys
I pull up Swerving while I'm riding in Bentleys
I'm sipping lean man its all in my kidneys
We killing niggas we ain't leaving no witness
We getting money throwing hunets and fiftys
Them twenties bitches pick it up off the ground
Everybody know I got the pounds
King Soulja got a hunet rounds when I'm in yo city man its going down
On a private jet while I'm going up
Sipping so much lean got me throwing up
Lean all in my system got me snoring up
And it make no sense how I be pouring up
All of my niggas know I keep the Double cup
Double cup Double cup yeah you know that I did it
My niggas running thru the city pouring up lean and
Trapping 30 pounds of migit

[Hook]
Finally (x4)
I made it to the top getting all this guap never gone stop
Finally (x4)
I know that they hate it, I just been waite
I had so much patience
Finally
My whole team in here right now
Finally
I made it to the top counting all this guap never gone stop
On the block hot, all my boys hot
Never gone stop
I finally made it to the top
I'm counting my guap

[Soulja Verse ll]
Killing this shit when I'm in the streets
Man I'm doing this shit for my niggas
My niggas pull triggers
My niggas they working them figures
My niggas moving putting niggas in ditches
My niggas trapping we came straight from the trenches
Riding on rims that's 26 inches
Niggas mad I got bitches switching in positions
Diamonds up in different dimensions
Trapping capping nigga can't you tell
As I swerve thru the city with bags and bells
Weigh it up put it on the scale
Break it down, Roll it up, put it up in the air
Pulling up in that new ghost and I scare ya
I got the kilos and Iggy Azalea
Making it rain yeah I change the weather
All of the diamonds I put em together
Soulja Boy Tell'em head hancho
My grand daddy he got the bricks from ????
I finesse the plug from Pablo
I took 20 million and ran as fast as I could wells Fargo
Still spending, still getting, still winning
Niggas know there ain't no stopping you
Soulja Boy Tell'em im Trapping and capping
My niggas doing the impossible

[Hook]
Finally (x4)
I made it to the top getting all this guap never gone stop
Finally (x4)
I know that they hate it, I just been waited
I had so much patience
Finally
My whole team in here right now
Finally
I made it to the top counting all this guap never gone stop
On the block hot, all my boys hot
Never gone stop
I finally made it to the top
I'm counting my guap

[Bridge]
Im that boy when they see me right now
When I'm in that foreign and im Swerving right now
Ain't gotta tell Em yeah I'm in here right now
Ain't gotta tell Em that I'm in here right now
They should already know we im here right
They already know that we in here right now
That we in here right now right now
That we in here right now
Aye that we in here right now
They should already know right now

[Outro]
Finally (×3)
I put the whole city on my back wit it
I ran across the world learned to trap wit it
So you ain't gotta ask if we done did it
Back at it finally
The team on and that's finally
Yup yup
And you know my whole team lit yup

[Hook: MPA Wicced & Young Thug]
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Don't  make me come over there
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
You not what you talk about
I have killers at your house
You know YSL en route
Make ‘em pull up and hop out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out

[Verse 1 - Young Thug]
People pull up in the Bentley and hop out
And air your ass out and say sorry to children
Squeezin on innocent bystanders
That’s what they get for just chillin'
First you was dissin', now that boy missin'
Pillow talkin' to these bitches
But when he see me he quiet like detention
Pussy niggas I see right through 'em
Shoot him in his pat like Ewing
F&N meet a nigga fluid
Now the little nigga can’t urine
Hating on a nigga, I can’t do it
Meanwhile he hating, YSL getting yay, screaming aye
What you doin'?
I'mma treat him like Section 8 put his ass in his place
I'mma look a nigga in the face, make him turn Christian like Ma$e
Only say one word and it’s “Aye”
Then I'm gon' rearrange his face
Hit him with 3 like Reggie Miller
He not bout that Percy Miller
When I catch your ho I dick her

[Hook]
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Don't  make me come over there
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
You not what you talk about
I have killers at your house
You know YSL en route
Make ‘em pull up and hop out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out

[Verse 2 - MPA Wicced]
Air that shit out! Air that shit out!
What the fuck you gon do when you see Wicced en route?
I got a choppa bigger than Lil Bow Wow
Just like Nick with the Cannon I be Wild'N Out
Van full of killers, ski masks, with them gold in their mouths
Kick the door down shoot the first nigga laying on the couch
Send Thugga Thugga in that bitch "Go strip down the house"
(Aye Thugga, Clear 'em out)
Found ten bricks, quarter million laying in the couch
Love when the beef in the air bring them chopsticks out
Kickin that gangsta boy you know that what you ain't bout
Killers on top of your roof peepin you out
Im from the same area as Ace Boogie shots to ya face!

[Hook]
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Don't  make me come over there
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
You not what you talk about
I have killers at your house
You know YSL en route
Make ‘em pull up and hop out
Air that shit out, air that shit out
Air that shit out, air that shit out

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
What's the time zone?
I could count this money with my eyes closed
No he didn't, baby I know
Cop another ride off of my iPhone
High off marijuana but I ride low
Crocodile seats, ho don't pocket dial me
Riding down the street, I hit the switch if I'm too drunk
Call an uber for the night, your broad with me
KK in the jar, jugging all through the city
Let your bitch put this bape hoodie on when they get chilly
Then take it off
All this money I make and I'm going stronger
And you fake and I roll a joint and I bake it
Ain't shit a nigga got to say I went to rich from living basic
Work for everything you can't take it
All we know is big money, our bitches rolling our planes with
Apple TV and Netflix hooked up playing our favorites, same shit

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
I'm tryna find a way that I can spend all of this paper
I'm riding round I'm chiefing loud I'm tryna keep my pockets on swole
I do just what I want don't see myself answering to no one
Ain't bout the money, then I'm not involved

[Verse 2: Curren$y]
Bong rips, double SSs
Oh yes it's the OG, bitch you guessed it, no question
Smith and Wesson flip, lyrical weapons finnesin'
That's how we bring them checks in
Balcony sexing, then it's on to the next one
Her best friend, rolling more blessings
Got doobies in my Louie for protection
But you still smell them
I'm too gone off this Veuve to maneuver, I might have to call a uber
Get me through the, traffic, a lighter and a cool ass driver
So we got action, I'm not about to pass it
I got various, pick one out this batch and you can have it
I run off, fuck this meeting for an hour or so
Talking million dollars you know

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
I'm tryna find a way that I can spend all of this paper
I'm riding round I'm chiefing loud I'm tryna keep my pockets on swole
I do just what I want don't see myself answering to no one
Ain't bout the money, then I'm not involved

[Produced by Verdine White]

[Chorus: Robin Thicke]
I don't like it, I love it, love it, love it, uh oh
So good it hurts
I  don't want it, I gotta, gotta have it, uh oh
When I can't find the words
I don't like it, I love it, love it, love it, uh oh
So good it hurts
I  don't want it, I gotta, gotta have it, uh oh
When I can't find the words, I just go
I don't like it, no, I love it
I don't like it, no, I love it

[Verse 1: Flo Rida]
All out, turn the beat up
Hey now I'm glad to meet ya
Turn up girl, blow the speaker
Yeah up, think about it now, blow the speaker
I'll speak louder, let's get wild tonite
Billionaire bottles, we just down em like
Ain't no problem, all my roads are right
All right, all right

[Pre-Chorus 1: Flo Rida]
I don't like it, I love it
I got another comma in my budget
I got a anaconda in my Trukfit
Don't push it, don't push it
Cause I'ma hit it til I jackpot, that's right
Wax on baby wax off, act right
You can put it on the black card, all night
And I'll spend it, I'll spend it cause

[Chorus: Robin Thicke]
I don't like it, I love it, love it, love it, uh oh
So good it hurts
I  don't want it, I gotta, gotta have it, uh oh
When I can't find the words I just go
I don't like it, no, I love it
I don't like it, no, I love it

[Outro: Robin Thicke]
I don't like it, no, I love it
I don't like it, no, I love it

[Verse 2: Flo Rida]
All night, let me groove ya
Dance with me, turn down for who girl
Another runner help us step the moves up
Yeah bet that round need a measure or ruler
Celebrate life and I'll pay for it
That Cavalli nice next to my Tom Ford
Yeah party all night, let's all aboard
Let's all aboard, all aboard

[Pre-Chorus 2: Flo Rida]
I don't like it, I love it
And them other girls they can't touch it
Competition, that's a whole another subject
I wanna walk it out in public
You a star baby, just know, let's go
To the metro or the condo, let's go
Perfect time gotta let it flow, you know
I'm watching, I'm watching, cause

[Chorus: Robin Thicke]
I don't like it, I love it, love it, love it, uh oh
So good it hurts
I  don't want it, I gotta, gotta have it, uh oh
When I can't find the words I just go
I don't like it, no, I love it
I don't like it, no, I love it

[Bridge: Flo Rida]
Meet me at the studio
Bangarang just like Rufio (oh)
Feel the bass, let ya booty go
I wanna get inside it (Oh, yeah)
Run away for a few days
Thinkin' bout love, baby, touché
Tied up like a shoe lace
I don't like it, I don't like it (Ooh, don't like it)

[Outro: Robin Thicke & Flo Rida]
I don't like it (I love it), no, I love it (Ooh, ooh)
I don't like it, no, I love it (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
I don't like it (Don't like it), no, I love it, I love it
I don't like it, no, I love it, I love it

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
She got a gun in her purse right now
Got a scale in her purse right now
Got some pills in her purse right now
She got a bag in her purse right now
She got a gun in her purse right now
A pocket scale in her purse right now
I brought my weed in her purse right now
I brought my pills in her purse right now, right now

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
And she cooking up the dope in Louis
Dropping off the work in juicy
Her bag and her shades by Pucci
And she do the money dance in Loubi's
Don’t let a nigga in my house
Don’t let him take food out my mouth
Bet she got a pistol right now
I bet she got a scale right now
I bet she got fishscale now
You can’t get it, she can show you how
Bring that money back, make me proud
And I have that bitch Burberry’d down
You the queen, don’t let her take your crown
Bitch you know that you got to stay down
We gone try to take this shit out of town
I got a team of bitches, they so stout
Every time they walk, they draw crowds
And every time you say my name out loud
A flock of bad bitches gone come around
And I found her in the lost and found
You can’t have her back, she mine now
You too big for this lil bitty town
And it’s a shark filled ocean, don’t drown

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
She got a gun in her purse right now
Got a scale in her purse right now
Got some pills in her purse right now
She got a bag in her purse right now
She got a gun in her purse right now
A pocket scale in her purse right now
I brought my weed in her purse right now
I brought my pills in her purse right now, right now

[Verse 2: Chief Keef]
Got my gun and my work right now
All my other bitches bark right now
I don’t give a fuck, they don’t give a fuck right now
I’m a grown boy, I ain’t immature right now
Riding with the with the ops, get you brought right down
Pull up on your ass like you out of love right now
And when I’m done, trey is what I chug right now
Thot gone give me top, but she in the club right now
Ring ring, man I think that it’s a pull up right now
I’m too quick to send a nigga slug right now

[?] y’all get the snub and the club right now
Your bitches love the club, she in the tub right now
Just cause I fucked her, think that she in love right now
Blue hundreds, think that I’m in love right now
I’m on that bullshit, just because I’m from Chi-town
Turn the lights off, I'ma still shine right now
Right now

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
She got a gun in her purse right now
Got a scale in her purse right now
Got some pills in her purse right now
She got a bag in her purse right now
She got a gun in her purse right now
A pocket scale in her purse right now
I brought my weed in her purse right now
I brought my pills in her purse right now, right now

[Verse 3: Andy Milonakis]
I made it, I’m famous, got a few Mercedes
Smoking on that gas and boy you know I’m faded
G L O, you didn’t know that I’m related
How you know I’m real, just listen how I say it
My black Uber’s out in LA yo
These hoes handle balls like a Pele, pro
Milonaki got eyes on your mommy
Spend a few dimes with some new Versace
We lay back here, so stay back here
Fuck with the gang you get paid back quick
So fall back ho, we getting all that dough
Glass gang but the squad is G L O

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
She got a gun in her purse right now
Got a scale in her purse right now
Got some pills in her purse right now
She got a bag in her purse right now
She got a gun in her purse right now
A pocket scale in her purse right now
I brought my weed in her purse right now
I brought my pills in her purse right now, right now

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Way shawty looking is bitter
Put it on your tongue, get better

[?] your better on, no crystal
They better, cause I brought my pistols
One hitter quitter, big dipper
Got the better faced bitch, you better
Got a hitter with them big gold pistols
Hope the lean so dark, it’s better
Had a bitch that I can’t get rid of
When she test me it make me bitter
What don’t kill you makes you better
Why you mugging, you bitter
If you tryna cheek, you bitter
If I’m gone smash you, I’m better
If you get love then show love
The strippers gone get bitter

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
Probably gone nut in her face, big dipper
Every time we hit the club they follow us with the fireworks like Christmas
Leave a pussy nigga in the swamp just like Izzo
Chase you down like you killed my sister, no Mystikal
Put that stick all in your head just like TI
Got so much weight like I'm in NY, no Eli
And I’m standing, and demanding
Your ho gone go for it like Tom Ford, these advantages
Ok I got a lot of strippers round me right now, like I’m pulling shows
I got so many bands round me right now, I know why the want to rob us

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Way shawty looking is bitter
Put it on your tongue, get better

[?] your better on, no crystal
They better, cause I brought my pistols
One hitter quitter, big dipper
Got the better faced bitch, you better
Got a hitter with them big gold pistols
Hope the lean so dark, it’s better
Had a bitch that I can’t get rid of
When she test me it make me bitter
What don’t kill you makes you better
Why you mugging, you bitter
If you tryna cheek, you bitter
If I’m gone smash you, I’m better
If you get love then show love
The strippers gone get bitter

[Verse 2: Yung Gleesh]
Bitch say she gone let me fuck, you better
Ten dollars a 

[?] get your North Face wetter
Around my side of town man we leave you bitter
Extension clips with 30s ho we doing better
Say I cannot 

[?] this shit, you wasted
Ask the blocks drop off the top right by the station
Half a pound, so hurry up, somebody waiting
Four piece convo, four quarter pounds, combination
Bitches with the big ass get conversations
Bitches with the little ass might just leave em bitter
Tell they have to step it up and get it bigger
Got to get a dope boy, get them grams off quicker

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Way shawty looking is bitter
Put it on your tongue, get better

[?] your better on, no crystal
They better, cause I brought my pistols
One hitter quitter, big dipper
Got the better faced bitch, you better
Got a hitter with them big gold pistols
Hope the lean so dark, it’s better
Had a bitch that I can’t get rid of
When she test me it make me bitter
What don’t kill you makes you better
Why you mugging, you bitter
If you tryna cheek, you bitter
If I’m gone smash you, I’m better
If you get love then show love
The strippers gone get bitter

[Intro: T-Pain]
Boom, come on, baby, keep on doing what you doing
Boom, come on, baby, keep on doing what you doing
Boom, come on, baby, keep on doing what you doing
Hey, come on, baby (Pizzle)

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Look at her go, yeah, I see know what she doing (look at her go)
Look at her go, yeah, I see know what she doing (look at her go)
Wobble-dy wobble-dy drop, drop it like it's hot
Yellow Nuvo got me wobbling back to the parking lot
Look at her go go go, do it, girl
Go go go, do it, girl
Go go go, do it, girl
She wo-wobbling, wobbling, drop, drop it like it's hot

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
Gon' shake that booty (booty), let me see that Gucci print (print)
Super stupid (stupid), you know what you doing then (then)
Loosey, loosey (loosey), get a bottle of Goose in hand (hand)
Teddy Pizzle, all I do is win
Bang bang, baby, I know that you want some (some)
Walk up in the club, already on one (one)
Get rid of your friends (friends), they ain't no fun
I'mm show you how to do this son
She walked, wobbling wobbling, drop, drop it like it's hot
That yellow Nuvo got me wobbling back to the parking lot
She steady popping, she popping, she said that she don't wanna stop
I got that chopper, that chopper, just 'case your nigga wanna block
She keep grinding on me, she gon' feel something on her butt
A-a-and if she don’t know what's happening after this, I tell you what
I'ma take you to my hospital and get up in that cuts
Bitch, you know you wanna get up on this butt, now what you saying?

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Look at her go, yeah, I see know what she doing (look at her go)
Look at her go, yeah, I see know what she doing (look at her go)
Wobble-dy wobble-dy drop, drop it like it's hot
Yellow Nuvo got me wobbling back to the parking lot
Look at her go go go, do it, girl
Go go go, do it, girl
Go go go, do it, girl
She wo-wobbling, wobbling, drop, drop it like it's hot

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
(Yeah, hahaha, leggo)
Damn, look at her go on it, on the floor on it
She just dropped that on this pole on it, is she a pro on it?
And baby, I've been looking for you for a while now
And I ain't playing with you, baby, pull them draws down
Ooh, she a freak and she know it (know it)
I got her right where I want her now
Girl, wobble-dy wobble-dy drop, drop it like it's hot
Wobbly wobbly to the ground
I know you hear that bang bang, that's the bass in my Chevrolet
Gang bang, that's with me but we here to celebrate (woo)
Super red and me and Teddy in the Chevy with these hoes (Nappy Boy)
Ha, just look at her go

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Look at her go, yeah, I see know what she doing (look at her go)
Look at her go, yeah, I see know what she doing (look at her go)
Wobble-dy wobble-dy drop, drop it like it's hot
Yellow Nuvo got me wobbling back to the parking lot
Look at her go go go, do it, girl
Go go go, do it, girl
Go go go, do it, girl
She wo-wobbling, wobbling, drop, drop it like it's hot

[Verse 1]
We were waiting for the bus
No one much around but us
Then I see this young boy cut a look at me
I'm stunned in a daze
He had the whole street set ablaze
It's only love they say
Makes you feel this way

[Verse 2]
She liked his eyes she wanted more
The baby gonna have your smile for sure
He saw a lovely girl
Smelling sweet and soapy like fresh air
She saw him looking, acted like she didn't care
That's how we knew
And so love grew a flower
A flower that is you

[Chorus]
Your daddy know you're a flame
Your daddy know you're a flame
Your daddy know you're a flame
Your daddy know you're a flame

[Bridge]
Even to the angels it may sound like a lie
For you child
He has the troops and extra backup standing by
For you child
For you he's the best he can be
For you child
For you he's the best he can be
Oh child don't you know
Your daddy love come with a life time guarantee

[Chorus]
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Yeah daddy love you child
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Daddy love you yeah

[Verse 3]
It's only you he'll say
Made the young boy hungry for the man he is today
It's only love, love, love, love
Can make you feel this way

[Chorus]
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Yeah daddy love you child
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy love come with a life time guarantee
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Daddy love you yeah
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy knows you're a flame
Your daddy love come with a life time guarantee

[Intro: Young Thug & Skooly]
I can see that bullshit from a mile away (See it)
You can stack my money 'bout a mile away (Stack it)
I got three white bitches like it's powder day (White)
Mink coat with the rolls like a Shar Pei
And all of my bitches sexy, call them Barbies (Sexy)
She lookin' back like I'm flexin', baby, no way (Uh-uh)
And lately, I been on that D'usse, yee
(We got London on the track)

[Chorus]
Got me a check, I got a check
Yeah, I done got me a check, I got a check (Sheesh, sheesh)
Yeah, I done got me a check, I got a check (Sheesh)
Yeah, I done got me a check, oh, got a check (Yeah, yeah-yeah!)

[Post-Chorus]
Money on my mind, I got money on my brain
Money in my pants, I got money I call change
20, 50, 100, 500 millions made
Big hunna Thugga, screamin' free that Gucci Mane

[Verse 1]
If I need some racks, I'ma flip me some packs
I talk like I want and she don't say nothin' back
If cops pull up, I put that crack in my crack
Or I put that brack in my brack
Call little shawty, made her fuck on my brodie
If you don't owe me, bitch, still act like you owe me
I promise I won't ever quit, bitch, I'm Kobe
And I whip that white, you can snow me
Stoner Young Thugger
I whip it, that bitch, yeah, she know me, Young Thugger
Yeah, she shinin' like butter
The bitch from Chicago, I call her young Cutler
Leave it to Beaver
I pull up in Bentleys with London, they all want to meet him
Yeah, they all wanna greet him
They pull down they pants and they all wanna eat him, uh
No, they won't tease on that dick, they won't read on that dick
They won't leash on that dick, don't Felicia that dick
Mamacita that dick, they gon' snitch on that dick
And she screamin' loud, she can't secret that dick
Mama a beast on that dick
If she bad, I'ma gon' an' Four Season that bitch
Eat that, lil' bitch, I'ma feast that lil' bitch, mm

[Chorus]
I got me a check, I got a check
Yeah, I done got me a check, I got a check (Sheesh, sheesh)
Yeah, I done got me a check, I got a check (Sheesh)
Yeah, I done got me a check, oh, got a check (Yeah, yeah-yeah!)

[Post-Chorus]
Money on my mind, I got money on my brain
Yeah, I'm like, baby, baby, baby, I need racks
Money in my pants, I got money I call change
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I need racks
20, 50, 100, 500 millions made
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I want racks
Big hunna Thugga, screamin' free that Gucci Mane
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I need racks, hey!

[Verse 2]
Bitch, I'm a Migo, I play with kilo
When I put ice on, I am Sub-Zero
All of my niggas, they hard, call 'em beetles
Niggas was fake so I kept me a Ruger in Regals
Droppin' the top on the Bentley
I'm with the Birdman, yeah, the eagle
Geeked out my mind, man, I'm tripping out
I don't know none of these people
Make my little shawty go get me a four and bring back me a liter
Yes, I got threats, I'm not worried 'bout that
They know they can get whacked and I swear I done

[Chorus]
Got me a check, I got a check
Yeah, I done got me a check, I got a check (Sheesh, sheesh)
Yeah, I done got me a check, I got a check (Sheesh)
Yeah, I done got me a check, oh, got a check (Yeah, yeah-yeah!)

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, I'm like, baby, baby, baby, I need racks
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I need racks
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I want racks
Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, I need racks, hey!

[Outro]
We got London on da Track!

[Intro: Beyoncé]
Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 1: Beyoncé]
I'm in my penthouse half naked, I cooked this meal for you naked, so where the hell you at?
Just one shot left of this drink, in this glass, don't make me break it
I wish that you were me, so you could feel this feeling, I never broke one promise
And I know when you're not honest, now you got me yelling that's because I'm jealous

[Chorus: Beyoncé]
If you keeping your promise, I'm keeping mine
Oh, I'm jealous
If you keeping your promise, I'm keeping mine
Oh, I'm jealous

[Post-Chorus: Beyoncé]
Sometimes I want to walk in your shoes
Do the type of things that I never ever do
So I take one look in the mirror and I say to myself
"Baby girl, you can't survive like this"

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Queen B I'm tripping 'cause I'm a little insecure when your phone go off
'Cause they be calling at 3 in the morning
Know I do the same shit but girl, it's different
And if I can't, you can't fuck with no exes
You got me, no need for extras, you just love making me jealous
Hanging out with your girls all night and staying out 'til tomorrow
Girl, you got me all kinda crazy, sipping all on that bottle
I see you tryna flex, so mad I'm drunk texting
Now I'm reminiscing how we fell in love in Texas, girl, I'm jealous

[Chorus: Beyoncé & Chris Brown]
If you keeping your promise, I'm keeping mine (Oh woah)
Oh, I'm jealous (Jealous)
If you keeping your promise, I'm keeping mine (Mine)
Oh, I'm jealous

[Post-Chorus: Beyoncé & Chris Brown]
Sometimes I want to walk in your shoes (Yeah)
Do the type of things that I never ever do (Never do)
So I take one look in the mirror (Mirror) and I say to myself ('Self)
"Baby girl, you can't survive like this," no, no, no

[Bridge: Beyoncé, Chris Brown & Both]
And I hate you for your lies and your covers
And I hate us for making good love to each other
And I love making you jealous but don't judge me
And I know that I'm being hateful but that ain't nothing (Oh)
That ain't nothing (Oh)
I'm just jealous (Jealous)
I'm just human (Human)
Don't judge me

[Chorus: Beyoncé & Chris Brown]
If you keeping your promise, I'm keeping mine (Don't judge me)
Oh, I'm jealous
If you keeping your promise, I'm keeping mine (Oh, ooh)
Oh, I'm jealous

[intro]

[hook]
If you know god is working in your life
Shout it
If you know god then you're gon' be alright
Shout it
If you know god and you know what he's like
Shout it
If you know god then just jump and shout it
Shout it

[Verse 1]
Time wasting, wrong things that I'm chasing
Eating but don't like what I'm tasting
Everything I thought I want and hunted for
Had me wondering what did I want it for
Headed down the wrong path, self-destructive
What's my function? I know I am good for something
Lord let me know if my suffering will be in vain
Or how much longer will it rain?
Or how much longer will a stain
By the blood has been shed through out my life, remain
Or how much longer will the pain in the flame
The only thing i gave the game is saying your name

[hook]
If you know god is working in your life
Shout it
If you know god then youre gon' be alright
Shout it
If you know god and you know what he's like
Shout it
If you know god then just jump and shout it
Shout it

[Verse 2]
I went from "why bother" to "Imma  try harder"
Knowing the only way to make it is through my Father
Stay right beside me, though the ride was rough
And for a minute the devil tied me up
But like clock work , when the clock works, he was right on time
And I was so happy to see him that it had me crying
Then enjoyed him, knowing you got a savior
Starting to be changing your behavior
Make you wanna shout more, make you wanna live more
You could do without more make you wanna give more
This is what I live for, this is why I do
What I do, It ain't for me, It's for you

[hook - repeat once]
If you know god is working in your life
Shout it
If you know god then youre gon' be alright
Shout it
If you know god and you know what he's like
Shout it
If you know god then just jump and shout it
Shout it

[Dialogue: Eminem & Massage therapist]
*Groaning*
**Dial tone**

Oh, answer the phone you fucking slut transvestite
With a cock, you're a man, aren't you?
You're a fucking man
(Hello?) Oh, hey
Um, is this, uh, I'm looking for a sensual, I don't know
Body rub, or something (Uh-huh, that's what I do)
Listen, what type of body rubs, like
I'm looking for like, um, I don't know, like
A cock massage... You know what I mean? (Right)
Like something like, I'm kind of, like
I don't know, I'm sure you do this everyday
Um... I'm just- I don't know, I'm looking for something like
My wife, my wi- I'm married, um
My wife does not satisfy me the way that you could
It's like this and like that and like this
I'm the illest rapper to hold the cordless, patrollin' corners
Lookin' for hookers to punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beatin' James Todd Senior
And smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in a wild hood, as a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed, I kept the same mind state
Since the third time that I failed ninth grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person
Don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend can jump off of a bridge
And if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowin' mine out
Fuck it, you only live once, you might as well die now

[Chorus: 2 Chainz]
I can’t let it go, I’m an Eskimo
I used to make one hundred thousand at the Texico
Now my neck is froze, I can’t let it go
I’m so cold on these hoes like an Eskimo
I’m an Eskimo, I’m an Eskimo
So cold in the booth, I’m an Eskimo
I’m an Eskimo, I’m an Eskimo
So cold on these hoes, I’m an Eskimo

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Rich nigga with an attitude
So I got to hold a lot of ice cubes
More tattoos then a white dude
24 inch Billy White shoes
Balling on these niggas like I’m shooting hoops
Jumping out the coupe, no parachute
Walking these streets like a prostitute
Mines off top like a lawyer do
Three girls in my two seater
Crammed in, that’s four people
Good drank and some nice reefer
These 

[Lames], I don’t want to take her out to eat her
My gang cold as Siberia, ice white interior
I swear a nigga can’t get rid of her, you stalking a ho, that’s pitiful
Well I’m going in like a curfew, I’m shitting off top like a bird do
You doing birdshit like a birdbrain, I’m tryna see how these birds move
Got a Rolex and it’s ice blue, in a drop top screaming how you?
In a drop head in the drive thru, call a therapist, I got the swag flu

[Chorus: 2 Chainz]
I can’t let it go, I’m an Eskimo
I used to make one hundred thousand at the Texico
Now my neck is froze, I can’t let it go
I’m so cold on these hoes like an Eskimo
I’m an Eskimo, I’m an Eskimo
So cold in the booth, I’m an Eskimo
I’m an Eskimo, I’m an Eskimo
So cold on these hoes, I’m an Eskimo

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
Aston Martin, watching Martin
And it’s all red nigga, Barry Larkin
Valet park it, that’s when a melee started
That’s when your girl start talking at me, she out of pocket
I know she popping, took her to my ‘partment
And that thang started dripping nigga, like a faucet
When it’s that wet I fuck em on the carpet
I bet the neighbor know my name, it’s “oh shit stop it”
Got them 8 balls in my corner pocket
I’m a D boy, I’m tryna detox
Big rims on the car, look like the knees knocking
Cold, when 12 see me they like freeze partner

[Chorus: 2 Chainz]
I can’t let it go, I’m an Eskimo
I used to make one hundred thousand at the Texico
Now my neck is froze, I can’t let it go
I’m so cold on these hoes like an Eskimo
I’m an Eskimo, I’m an Eskimo
So cold in the booth, I’m an Eskimo
I’m an Eskimo, I’m an Eskimo
So cold on these hoes, I’m an Eskimo

[Chorus: Peewee Longway]
They seen a nigga count a check and want to have sex
They put a nigga in debt like Claude, and raise you for a bet
She seen a nigga count a check and seen a nigga count a check
And seen a nigga count a check and want to have sex

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
My neck, half a mill, yeah it’s dripping with baguettes
My girlfriend said it make her pussy wet
Had a million dollar watch when we met
I don’t love you I’m in love with UPS
A million dollar, sent that on a jet
Ball so hard I got a 50 million debt
Ten million worth of cars that I regret
These bitches they just come with the success
Fuck all the tricking, naw man I just want some sex
I kiss her breasts, she got a million dollar chest
I lost a quarter million dollars playing chess

[Chorus: Peewee Longway]
They seen a nigga count a check and want to have sex
They put a nigga in debt like Claude, and raise you for a bet
She seen a nigga count a check and seen a nigga count a check
And seen a nigga count a check and want to have sex

[Verse 2: Peewee Longway]
Ask me for some clean, man I brought em back Noxema
Told em bout my people, shoot em up like Catalina
They see me in the ‘Rari, Kid Cudi in the Beamer
She asked for calamari, told that bitch to try some 

[?]
I got thousand thousand piling, I got racks stacked up like visa
Head shaking with the pilot cause she trafficking the Keisha
When we land toast a Tequila cause we running through monefa
And I’m gonna stand around me, set it of just like 

[?]
I went crazy, knocked some pornos out, my Rolex in the beaker
Call me hell, they don’t fucking know I’m around 

[?]
I got bags of OG reefer, who want ganja, bring monefa
Tell EZZ I’m the city of 

[?], I goon like jeepers creepers
Pity the fool, I 

[?] go my Rolex, still make plays on beepers

[Chorus: Peewee Longway]
They seen a nigga count a check and want to have sex
They put a nigga in debt like Claude, and raise you for a bet
She seen a nigga count a check and seen a nigga count a check
And seen a nigga count a check and want to have sex

[Intro: Gucci Mane]
TM, silent, it's Gucci
It's Guwop, living legend
Huh, huh, huh
Damn, huh, huh
It's Gucci

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Turn me onto a big enough lick and I'ma learn to love you
Put that chopper in your name so I gotta fuck you
If you fuck my homeboy then I can never trust you
Give a shoutout to my new bitch, she a fucking hustler
I got a new bitch, I got a new bitch
Yeah I’m riding 'round the city with my new bitch
Got my old ho mad, she a broke bitch
And plus I got the kind of money that we both rich
Jump out the yacht bitch, we going shopping
I bought three cars, four she got options
I’m not popping, but she Gucci
She told me baby get them niggas, they pussy

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I’m an arrogant son of a bitch
I’m a dirty son of a bitch
I can be good to you baby
I buy Roleys for the clique
I’m a neighborhood nigga
I’m a no good nigga
I fuck with Hollywood court but ain’t no Hollywood nigga
I’m  an arrogant son of a bitch
I’m a dirty son of a bitch
I can be good to you baby
I buy Roleys for the clique
I’m a neighborhood nigga
I’m a no good nigga
I fuck with Hollywood court but ain’t no Hollywood nigga

[Verse 2: Fredo Santana]
Riding 'round LA with my new bitch
Counting blue face hundreds, hit a few licks
Hit the trap, bounce, whip a few bricks
Baby fall back, you know I does this
Think it’s all fun and games, just music
Till a nigga pull up, get to shooting
Fredo ain’t getting money, man that’s nonsense
On Front Street, got the trap jumping
I can front your work depending what you’re copping
If you run off then I’m sendin' a fucking goblin
Got Tec-9s, AKs in my closet
It’s just in case a nigga cross me on that opp shit

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I’m an arrogant son of a bitch
I’m a dirty son of a bitch
I can be good to you baby
I buy Roleys for the clique
I’m a neighborhood nigga
I’m a no good nigga
I fuck with Hollywood court but ain’t no Hollywood nigga
I’m  an arrogant son of a bitch
I’m a dirty son of a bitch
I can be good to you baby
I buy Roleys for the clique
I’m a neighborhood nigga
I’m a no good nigga
I fuck with Hollywood court but ain’t no Hollywood nigga

[Verse 3: Lil Reese]
Tell that nigga don’t ride past if he the opposite
I’m a neighborhood nigga, you an opp bitch
3 hunna, 64th, yeah we be dropping shit
She a neighborhood bitch, yeah she a block bitch
She been around the block, yeah that’s the block bitch
I spin around the block, I got my Glock and shit
Spin right back on your block, you better not be on it
Any nigga getting seen, yeah we on it
3hunna that’s the team, yeah we own it
Got killers, kill your dream, nigga we on that
It’s a hundred band jugg right there and we on that
3hunna that’s the team, yeah we own that

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I’m an arrogant son of a bitch
I’m a dirty son of a bitch
I can be good to you baby
I buy Roleys for the clique
I’m a neighborhood nigga
I’m a no good nigga
I fuck with Hollywood court but ain’t no Hollywood nigga
I’m  an arrogant son of a bitch
I’m a dirty son of a bitch
I can be good to you baby
I buy Roleys for the clique
I’m a neighborhood nigga
I’m a no good nigga
I fuck with Hollywood court but ain’t no Hollywood nigga

[Chorus: Gucci Mane & Bankroll Fresh]
Got them pints in, tell me what you want to spend
Is you drinking? These niggas know I got that med
Got that cake and, Imma put that FN on your friend
What he thinking? I bet he won’t try that shit again

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
F is for Fendi, this FN is my firearm
My four second assassin, let bygones be bygones
Ice cream on my right cheek, tattoos on my right arm
Cold blooded like a python, and my auntie stole my ball
I’m fresh greeting these Barkley’s, got a quarter pound of these broccolis
And the neighbors can watch me, but the police can’t stop me
Fuck trying out for JV, Marcell up in the hot seat
I’m in the ninth grade, fucking seniors, so I gotta still borrow car keys
I’m lowkey but I mostly, be with niggas that sell Ds
Smoke weed, I still cough, street 

[?] doing nine to three

[?] sound, that was 92, 91, where was you
8 ball jacket in middle school, always had something to prove
Ease off of these ice cubes, yeah I’m a nigga with an attitude
Cartier, I bought a pair, head so good got to hold her hair
Give her 500, that’s more than fair, brought attention so she got to stare
Woke up in the morning, I was out of there
Gucci Mane, the real Laflare

[Chorus: Gucci Mane & Bankroll Fresh]
Got them pints in, tell me what you want to spend
Is you drinking? These niggas know I got that med
Got that cake and, Imma put that FN on your friend
What he thinking? I bet he won’t try that shit again

[Verse 2: Bankroll Fresh]
Mid end, it’s packed in, the back end of the caravan
Dudes speak 

[?] they understand, got rubber bands on rubber bands
Fuck your girl, one night stand, had her on her knees while I stand
Paint her face and her chin then never call that bitch again
Getting money my operation, getting money no hesitation
Super charge, you were made for racing
Sport rims, sport breaking
Kicking juugs all down at 

[?]
1000 for these niggas, come from 

[?]
I got em now so fuck waiting, you cash out, fuck debating
Fucked up a dime at the station, I’m counting money and contemplating
Glock 40 for any situation, I know how to equal the equation
Know I’m high, my eyes glazing, if you running then I’m chasing
Letting it go, that Glock blazing
Mask on, Vorhees, Jason
I’m running through it, thumbing through it
Serve him a dummy brick, he wish he knew it
Before he got to his state line, I was counting money, having a great time
Smoking great pound with a bitch that was real thick, you know this bitch fine
Served one nigga like two times, came back and ate about two nines

[Chorus: Gucci Mane & Bankroll Fresh]
Got them pints in, tell me what you want to spend
Is you drinking? These niggas know I got that med
Got that cake and, Imma put that FN on your friend
What he thinking? I bet he won’t try that shit agai n

[Intro]
Its like this and like that and like this (x2)

[Verse 1]
I'm the illest rapper to hold a cordless
Patrolling corners, looking for hookers
To punch in the mouth with a roll of quarters
I'm meaner in action than Roscoe beating James Todd Sr. and smackin' his back with vacuum cleaner attachments
I grew up in the wild hood, as a hazardous youth
With a fucked up childhood that I used as an excuse
And ain't shit changed but kept the same mindstate
Since the third time that I failed ninth grade
You probably think that I'm a negative person, don't be so sure of it
I don't promote violence, I just encourage it
I laugh at the sight of death
As I fall down a cement flight of steps
And land inside a bed of spider webs
So throw caution to the wind
You and a friend can jump off of a bridge and if you live, do it again
Shit, why not? Blow your brain out, I'm blowing mine out
Fuck it, you only live once you might as well die now

[Interlude: Mark Avery]
Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Now listen to me, while you're kissing her cheek
And smearing her lipstick, slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
(Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
You shouldn't take advantage of her, it's not fair)
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair?
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare
'til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
(Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie, Kids?)
No but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest!
(Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?)
Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail

[Produced by Bass Brothers]

[Verse 1]
Who came through with two Glocks to terrorize your borough? (huh?)
Told you how to slap dips and murder your girl? (I did!)
Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl
Sold a billion tapes and still screamed, "Fuck the world!"
(Slim Shady...) so come and kill me while my name's hot
And shoot me twenty-five times in the same spot (Ow!)
I think I got a generation brainwashed
To pop pills and smoke pot til they brains rot (uhh-oh)
Stop they blood flow until they veins clot
I need a pain shot, and a shot of plain scotch
Purple haze and acid raindrops
Spike the punch at the party and drink pop (gulp gulp)
Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top
Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop
You gotta make em fear you 'fore you make em feel you
So everybody buy my shit or I'mma come and kill you

[Hook]
I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets
I'm your brother when you need, some new weed to set you free
You know me, I'm your friend, when you need a Mini Thin
(I'm Slim Shady...) I'm Shady!

[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Hook x2]
Hi, my name is, what?
My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh?
My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady

[Intro]
Excuse me!
Can I have the attention of the class for one second?

[Verse 1]
Hi kids, do you like violence?
Wanna see me stick Nine Inch Nails through each one of my eyelids?
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did?
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is?
My brain's dead weight
I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate
And Dr. Dre said
"Slim Shady, you a basehead!"
Uh-uhhh!
"So why's your face red? Man, you wasted!"
Well, since age twelve I felt like I'm someone else
Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut
"Shady wait a minute, that's my girl, dog!"
I don't give a fuck
God sent me to piss the world off

[Dialogue: Eminem & Jesse]
*Ends off I'm Shady snippet and instrumental still plays*
*And that's my name!*

**Dial tone**

(Hello) Hi (Hi) Jesse?
(Speaking) Hi, how you doing?
I'm-I'm-I'm, my name is Marshall (Hi)
Hi, how are you doin'? (Good)
Oh, my God, you sound sexy
(Oh, thank you) Aw, God...
Um, listen, I was just, I-I
I don't know, I don't do this a lot, it's like, my second time
I swear to God, um, listen, it says
I don't know im reading this over in the paper and-and
It says you're, I don't know, a ch-a-transsexual
(A shemale, uhuh) A shemale, oh my God...
(Yeah) *sighs* So um, listen, what t-what
What type of, I don't know, what type of s-service
(I give you body rubs, and I, and then I go down on you)
*Dog barking in the background*
Aight, do you wanna, do you wanna tend to your dog?
(I got somebody at the door, I have to massage somebody now)
(Call me later) I wanna fuck (Huh?)
I wanna fuck
**Hangs up**
Aw, God, don't hang up, bitch
You fucking slut, oh God...

[Intro]

[Doctor] Scalpel

[Nurse] Here

[Doctor] Sponge

[Nurse] Here

[Doctor] Wait...he's convulsing, he's convulsing

[Nurse] Ah

[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him

[Nurse] Oh my! Oh my God

[Doctor] We're gonna have to shock him

[Nurse] Oh my God

[Verse 1]
These are the results of a thousand electric volts
A neck with bolts
(Nurse we're losing him, check the pulse)
A kid who refused to respect adults
Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose
A corny looking White boy
Scrawny and always ornery
Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies picking on me
And I might snap, one day just like that
I decided to strike back and flatten every tire on the bike rack
My first day in junior high this kid said
It's you and I, three o'clock sharp this afternoon you die
I looked at my watch it was 1:20
I already gave you my lunch money
What more do you want from me
He said, don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse
My palms were sweaty
And I started to shake at first
Something told me, try to fake a stomach ache, it works
I screamed, oww, my appendix feels like they could burst
Teacher, teacher, quick I need a naked nurse
"What's the matter"
I don't know, my leg, it hurts
"Leg? I thought you said it was your tummy"
Oh I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee
"Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over
And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework"
But don't you wanna give me after school detention
"Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'mma let him"

[Hook x2]
Brain damage
Ever since the day I was born
Drugs is what they used to say I was on
They say I never knew which way I was going
But everywhere I go they keep playing my song

[Dialogue: Eminem and Ariel]
*Ends off Brain Damage snippet and instrumental plays through*
**Dial tone**

(Hello?)
Hi, this is Ariel?
(This is)
This is Marshall
(Listen, I'm in a serious-)
Don't hang up!
God... Are you gonna leave me too?
Ariel... Hi (What's up with you?)
I'm sorry, I'm s- (What’s your nationality?)
I'm sorry, uh-I'm a-I'm a white male
Single now, sorry, what should I do, Ariel?
Are you gonna leave me too?
Everybody's left me (If I'm gonna leave you?)
Yes (Tell me, what's up with you?)
I'm sorry, I-I, you know?
She comes in, from work late
(Your girlfriend?)
She comes in at late last night, okay?
I don't know where she's at
All I know is that she's got these little, like
Red marks on her neck
I'm like "Are those hickeys?"
"No, these aren't hickeys" I'm like
"You've been fooling around, I can't have it you"
She's done this to me before
I wish you could just, help me, like
I don't know, I'm-I'm kinda horny
(Huh? I'm listening) I've got candles lit
(What?) Candles, I've got candles, and got
The music playing, like a-- Can you hear it?
The music? (What do you think? 

[?])
The mu-the music... oh, sorry (Just tell me why)
I don't know, I'm just horny
I need it-I don't know
I don't know if I need to just, like, jack off
Or like have sex with my girlfriend when she comes
I don't know anymore, you know? I'm just
(Relax) What? (You Know what? I think you're going crazy, 'kay?)
(Just take a bomb, okay, and go to sleep)
(And stop calling people and crying) A bomb?
(Uhuh) You want me to swallow a bomb, Ariel?
You want me to kill myself, right here, on national TV?!
(National TV? What's wrong with you? *stuttering and laughing* whats wrong with your mind? You're going through it )
I-I'm what? I don't understand, is that Spanish or something?
I don't understand, what are you-
You know, I'm just an English regular guy, I'm a white kid, okay?
I grow up, you know
I don't know, oh my god... You know what?
If you're not gonna jack me off, you fucking slut
You can suck my dick, you fucking whore

[Pre-Recorded Message]
**Dial tone**

Hi, baby, thanks for calling 9-7-0-SLUT
The hottest live one-on-one line in the city

[Dialogue: Eminem & Brenda]
Oh... (Hello) Brenda
(You'd like to speak to Brenda)
Yeah, I need to speak to Brenda, like, immediately
*laughing* (Hold on, ok?) 'Aight
Yo, this bitch is about to catch, bitch about to catch it
Fuckin' slut

**Dial tone**

(Yo) Brenda (Brenda's not here)
Brenda's not there? (No) It sounds like you?
You know what? You didn't think I knew, did you?
(I, you know-) You told me you didn't do this shit
This Brenda, right? Don't play games with me, girl!
This Brenda, right? You said you didn't do it, bitch!
(Who are you, what you want?) What are you- I want Bren-
This ain't Brenda? (No, motherfucker, it ain't Brenda)
Yo, don't-don't-don't call me a motherfucker, bitch
I swear to God, I come up there and pop all you fucking sluts
I told you Brenda, don't be fuckin' round on me
You fuckin' bitch! I told you!
"Aw, I don't do it, I don't do it!"
You motherfucking slut, I'll kill you, bitch!
I break your motherfucking neck
(You getting mad at me, I'm not Brenda)
Yo, don't play games with me, girl!
Don't play ga- When you come home tonight
I swear to God, yo, all of your shit will be outside!
You hear me girl?! I ain't playing with you no more!
I bought you everythi- "I saw yoooou, walking in the rain"
You know what I'm saying, girl?!
I don't play that shit! (Crack kills, you know)
I don't play that shit, crack?! (Crack kills)
I ain't in no crack, bitch, this Slim motherfucking Shady
You understand me? Slim *chka-chka* Hi, my name is!
Bitch, you don't play with me, when yo-
When you come home tonight, girl
Your shit is all out on the motherfucking lawn
That's my word, is bond, yo!
(You live in a-You live in a house?)
(You sound like you live in the projects)
My word is bond, when you come home, girl
You last now, girl, you motherfucking slut
I know you fucking him, girl, I know you fucking him
You know what I'm saying?
I know you fucking him
I know you fucking him
I know you-

[Dialogue: Eminem & Junko]
**Dial tone**

(Hello?) How you doing?
(Good, how are you?) It's Junko? (Yeah, sir)
Oh, you sound cute (Thank you) Uhh...
My name is Slim Shady they- I mean
That's like a nickname, they call me, you know
(Ok, so I'm gonna 

[?], ok? This is 

[?] private dancing)
(This isn't a massage parlor) I'm saying, do you dance, do you-
(Ok, just, uh-ok, I'm telling you, you come here)
(You play the $180)
(But cannot not touching the girls)
(They cannot touching you just-uh, sit down)
(Girl gonna dancing to you one hour, that's it)
Alright, slut, what I'm saying is, would
Can you stick a finger in, like, at least on the-
You know what I mean? Like, I'm saying, like
Just like a finger, you know what I'm saying?
(Yeah, I understand-) I'm not-I know-I'm not saying, like
Sex, you know, I just want to stick a finger up a bit
(Why, you really want tha- hello?)
(Hello?) Hi, how're you doing? (Slow down) Hello, ah, aight
I'm sorry-(You're not listen to me, ok sir? be nice, be gentle)
Oh, I'm so-(I'm telling you my arrangement) I'm sorry
I'm just horny, I got my dick in my hand, you know?
(Call other place, this isn't a massage parlor, sir, ok?)
I'm saying I'm not-(Don't call me, the horny, ok?)
(Ok, sir?) Ok, it's not, I'm not saying (Ok)
That it's a massage parlor (This isn't a massage parlor, sir)
Aight, quote-quote unquote
(Ok, sir, customer just a sit down. Ok? they don't do nothing)
(No shower, no clothes, don't taking off the clothes)
(Just to sit down watching the dancing, that's it)
I heard that, but I'm saying, can you
Like, put your own dick in your hand
And like, (no, sir), beat that shit-Why not?
It's my own body, you know what I'm saying, slut? (Hello?)
(Be nice, watch your language, ok, sir?) Oh, I'm sorry
I didn't know "bitch" was a bad word

[Hook x2]
Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie?
Rappers coming in with their team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me
We hard-hitting, directing and starring in it

[Verse]
The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon
Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstanding
Any man planning to battle will get snatched outta his clothes
So fast it'll look like an invisible man standing
I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail
Bill Clinton, hit this, and you better inhale
Cause any MC that chooses to go against me
Is getting taking advantage of like Monica Lewinsky (Leave me alone!)
Came home in a frenzy, pushing a ten speed
Screaming to Aunt Peg with three spokes sticking outta my pant leg
Fuck a headache, give me a migraine, dammit I like pain
You should be anywhere that a mic ain't
You rap knowing you wack, you act up and I'm throwing you
Down a flight of steps then I'm throwing you back up them
If they don't like the track, fuck them, the rap struck 'em harder
Than getting hit by a Mack truck and then backed up on
And any half-assed known rapper to trespass
Better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch
So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly
I'm sicker than a 2Pac dedication to Biggie
I'm free-falling feet first out of a damn tree
To stampede your chest 'til you can't breathe
And when I'm down to my last breath, I'mma climb the Empire State Building
And get to the last step and still have half left

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
Bad, the Bad (Uhh, when the Bad meets the Bad, yo)
The Evil (Take the Evil with the Evil)
Put 'em together (What? Nine-nine)
Two times, Slim Shady, Royce da 5'9"

[Dialogue: Eminem & Frantz]
**Dial tone**

Uh, this is Marshall, I call there all the time
Um, who is this? (It's Frantz) Pardon?
(Frantz, Frantz) Frantz, ok, Frantz
What I wanna do, actually
I wanna get a-eh, eh, it's called-I call it
The Slim Shady platter, it's like, with shrimp, like, around it
And inside, it's like, um
It's like a piece of liver that they give me
And they-they put like, salad on the side
(You want a dry sheem or the sheem with sauce)
Wha-wil-- Blergh-hrm-be-lay-la?
(You want a dry sheem or the sheem with sauce) Shu, shu
Schwepp-a-hrm-de-lay-la!

[mocking accent]
Uh, hmph, I needed shrimp, I needed shrimp
Around, eh, the plate, what are you talking about
Ok? The sh-Ther shrrrimp (Huh?)
Goes around (laughing) the prrrate
(I don't have a clue what he's saying)
Ther- (Sheem sog or sheem with spinach)
Yes, yes, the fuckin'- the shrrreerp
Okay? Ther shrreerp, goes arrround the sarrrad
With ther liver, liver le-(cough)-erl
Chopped Se-lim Shady, Slim Shady liver
Okay? Served, a la carrrot on the ass for mama
(I can't understand what you're saying)
(You are saying the-you have to say the English)
Alright, I'm srrrerrry, okay
The sh-(Sorry sorry, sorry sorry)
**Hangs up**
The shrimp, the shrimp, the shrimp-ah, he-he-hello?
Ah hrm-de-lay-la, fuck Mama, hrm-lay, what're you talking about
Shu-bitch, mama, shu-bitch, yeah smool, ah, smool puzy I like
She in this still, what are you talking about
Okay? I fuck mama, hello?
Listen to me or no? Excuse me
Suckered Ville yogic urban areas of the most important thing is that the company. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful person. 77777777, and we can

[Pre-Chorus]
Just hit a fifth of the bottle
And I'm in for it, I'm in for it
You brought your girl and she ridin'
But I'm in for it, I'm in for it
Call over your home girls, tell 'em I'm on it
No more excuses, you always do this
I know what I want, I know what I want
No more excuses, no more excuses

[Chorus]
Shawty, I want, shawty, I want
Whatever you want, whatever you want
Shawty, I want, shawty, I want
Whatever you want, whatever you want

[Verse 1]
Well, a nigga gotta get more, big game in a lil bit
I need, tall money and a lil bitch, come on
Kick game on Liu Kang
And my, whip game on Bruce Wayne, huh
I’m coolin' while I’m flickin' a cigar
Tell them bitches by the bar, they can fit up in my car
And shawty wanna kick it with a star
Her friend and ménage, she gon' get it all if she hop in, huh
Ridin' around town, ten bandos in this Moncler, now they wanna talk
Ridin' around town in a brand new CLA Mercedes, that I just bought
Ridin' around with a stainless, new .40 I got it for shawty
Ridin' around town with lil mama 'cause she know that I got her
As long as you are down, to fuck with a nigga, let's get it
I conquered, I hit it, I did it
You want me, I want you, let's get it, let's get it
I put shit down, fuck with your nigga, you with it
You with it, I'm with it
Just say that you with it, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
Just hit a fifth of the bottle
And I'm in for it, I'm in for it
You and your girls in there ridin'
So I'm in for it, I'm in for it
Call over your home girls, tell 'em I'm on it
No more excuses, you always do this
I know what I want, I know what I want
No more excuses, no more excuses

[Chorus]
Shawty, I want, shawty, I want
Whatever you want, whatever you want
Shawty, I want, shawty, I want
Whatever you want, whatever you want

[Verse 2]
You a lil' freaky, you be sendin' me the pictures on the phone
Hit a nigga late night, tellin' me you tryna get it on
Don't waste a nigga time, don't waste a nigga time we grown, baby girl
There's a lot of girls, there's a lot of girls in my phone

[Voicemail]
Call me back when you can
I was just at work and now I just finished
So when you are not busy, just call me
At least before like, I fall asleep

[Verse 3]
Might drop a 10 in the 4
I'm so offended
I thought that you knew this before
I'm so offended, I'm so offended
I'll come through on the low
I'm so offended
I'm so offended for thinkin' that you would've known
How could you have known?
And those diamonds are really bright
I'm on my Goldeneye
I don't wanna talk to you
I might roll the dice
I want a bad bitch now
Need a bad bitch now
She a bad lil one, bad lil one
She's all that I want, she's all that I need
All that I got, checkin' for me, yeah
Might drop a 10 in the 4
I'm so offended
I thought that you knew this before
I'm so offended, I'm so offended

[Verse 1]
I don't have a reason to cry
And I have every reason to smile
I don't have a reason to lie
When you’re already reading my mind
And I don’t have a reason to be, if I can’t be with you
And I don't need air in my lungs, if I can’t sing your song
No, I don’t need hands if I don’t get to keep you warm
And I don’t really need myself, if I don't need you

[Chorus]
'Cause darling I wake up just to sleep with you
I open my eyes so I can see with you
And I live so I can die with you

[Verse 2]
And I don’t really need these fingers, if I don’t get to touch your spine
Well, I don’t need these legs, if I ain’t walking by your side
And I don’t really need to be if I can’t be with you

[Chorus]
'Cause darling I wake up just to sleep with you
I open my eyes so I can see with you
And I live so I can die with you
'Cause darling I wake up just to sleep with you
I open my eyes so I can see with you
And I live so I can die with you

[Outro]
I live so I can die with you

[Verse 1]
Like the brutal morning sun
It dawns on me, what have I done?
Saying sorry ain't as good as saying why
But it buys me a little more time
Lost in the moment for the second time
Each fuck up that I make, it makes you cry
I'm as pathetic, as the reason why
In desperation, all that you can do is ask me why

[Chorus]
‘Cause I'm a man, woman
Don't always think before I do
‘Cause I'm a man, woman
That's the only answer I've got for you (Uh)
‘Cause I'm a man, woman
Not often proud of what I choose
I'm a human, woman
A greater force I answer to

[Verse 2]
Once again, as it takes a hold
I am aware I'm not in control
You see, I have a conscience and it's never fooled
But it's prone to be overruled
You wanna know why I always think I’m right?
(Why?) You never accept defeat and let it slide
(Why?) I have no voice if I don’t speak my mind
(Why?) My weakness is the source of all my pride
I'll tell you why

[Chorus]
‘Cause I'm a man, woman
Don't always think before I do
‘Cause I'm a man, woman
That's the only answer I've got for you (Uh)
‘Cause I'm a man, woman
I'll never be as strong as you
I'm a human, human
A greater force I answer to (Uh)

[Hook 1]
These days it's different
(Turning us into monsters)
Kids don't fight with knives anymore
(Turning us into fire)
They fight with guns!
Kids have got guns!
(Turning us into monsters)
It's all desire
It's all desire...

[Verse 1: Jamie T]
Well it's fine
You know, the son was young
And then he started 'grow up faster
Parents wondered what went wrong
And then he turned into a little monster!

[Chorus 1]
Run!
Run!
Run!
Run! Run! Run!
Run!
Run!
Calm down
Don't kill me now!

[Verse 2: Jamie T]
Well, I didn't expect much more
Because son was a little scalawag-wag-wagger
Can't see much more
If a lesson I guess
I'd hold it straight away
Back to the point
Give him three Coca-Colas
He'll run away
Write up the walls and down
The little dirty scalawag of a monster!

So mama, please let us out on the town
We want to drink, we want to fight
We want it all night
We're going to smash up your neighbor's car
If you don't let us out that door!
It's fine and dandy
I'll just climb out me window, leave y'all!
See you later, never liked you anyway!
I swear I'm adopted!
Stop it!

[Chorus 2]
Son was young
Then he turned into a monster!

[?]
Calm down
Don't kill me now!

[Verse 3: Jamie T]
I'm the oldest man in the family
I might be just a teenager
But my mind's sharper than anybody's!
And dad's just a drink drink drunker
And I'm back to the point of the matter!
I'm still here!
And I'm still walking out!
I'll see you later (Calm down, don't kill me now!)
I'm going to get a job
Because I'm leaving school
Because I can't get at Clara Clough!

Heavy heart
Leaving me so low
See you later!
Mama, I'm going to be a breadwinner!
Take your time
What's your clue, what up?
Don't worry mama
'Cause I'm a m-m-monster!

[Hook 2]
These days it's different
(Turning us into monsters)
Kids don't fight with knives anymore
(Turning us into fire)
They fight with guns!
(Turning us into monsters)
Kids have got guns!
(It's all desire)
It's all desire
And they're turning us into monsters
Turning us into fire
Turning us into monsters
It's all desire
It's all desire...

[Verse 4: 2D]
Drinking out
Pacifier
Taking some of
Where you are
Doesn't make sense to
But it won't be long (Why won't it be long?]
'Cause kids with guns
Kids with guns
Easy does it, easy does it
They've got something to say mental

[Chorus 3]
And they're turning u-

[Disturbed, Haunting Screams]
Calm down
Don't kill me now!

[Verse 5: Jamie T]
Well, I never liked you mama
And I never liked you type of music!
In fact I sold all your CD's
Out the back of your car just to prove it!
And I spent the money
Haha! Seriously!
On all that whiskey
When that time I puked up on the doorstep
And you told me I was a monster!

And now I'm back to tell you
That I will never end the truth!
I'll be back around the way soon
Before you ever end me and I'm through!

So, a killer?
That's just me
I'm the killer of a happy family!
And that's fine with you is it?
Fine with me!
Fine! Fuck off and die!!

[Verse]
Uh, it's the return of the G
Bitch, don’t get it twisted 'cause a nigga out here singin', I’ll just split you in yo shit
Pilin' money to the ceilin', I can’t fuck with no bitch
Since a bitch fucked up my business, now I’m stuck with a lick
Gettin' riches like the sweetest joy next to gettin' pussy
But the pussy was my sweetest joy, then I done caught a bullet
Nigga, let's get rich and fuck these bitches when they come
I'm grippin' .5, thinkin' 'bout these niggas switchin' sides
Gettin' high just to ease the pain
When all of your people done changed
The same people that claimed to bang
Once you do whatever things you do you gave it to this game
Well change the thoughts and minds that niggas is fakin' and snakin' and lyin'
And makin' 'em wanna get all on yo' side, my God
Protect my soul through all this madness
Heaven's contradictions, all these demons talkin' fictions
Talkin' 'bout how they gon' get and give me light
I know this ain’t right, all these women try
I know this ain’t life, still I’m gettin' high

[Outro]
It's the return of the

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
If you're waiting for the moment, here it is
If you're aiming for the heart, then you can't miss
You wanna know, oh-oh-oh-oh
Where's the love?
Here it is

[Post-Chorus: Chris Brown]
Where's the love? Where's the love?
Here it is

[Verse 1: Flo Rida]
Yeah, I'm back like Thriller, get up
Ready for the build up, sinner, baby, I'm no saint
I'm a stone cold winner, picture
Money where your mouth is, they can never break my bank
But the way you go, go
Now, baby, now you've got it
Turn around, you know what I want and
There's really only one thing that I gotta know-ow-ow-ow
Where in the world you're droppin' it
I got the dollars and I'm ready to sponsor it
I got the guava with the cheese, no launderin'
So pop a collar, stain killin' my confidence

[Pre-Chorus: Flo Rida]
Give you that XO freebie, let's go, repeat
Come and get some of this L-O-V-E
You know what I want, I know you need me
Ooh-ah, ooh-ah, let me tell you now

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
If you're waiting for the moment, here it is
If you're aiming for the heart, then you can't miss
You wanna know, oh-oh-oh-oh
Where's the love?
Here it is

[Post-Chorus: Chris Brown]
Where's the love? Where's the love?
Here it is

[Verse 2: Flo Rida]
Hey, now I can tell
You the one I wanted from a mile away
Ain't nobody lookin' like you up in here
Good times written all over your face
Yeah, 'cause the way you show
Show out, show me all your talents
Whoa now, throw me all off balance
Ayy, good girl, I'm a real bad habit, uh-oh, uh-oh
Ain't no debate I'm heaven sent
I'm 'bout to take you to the places you've never been
Keep you up all night, I'm Letterman
Sick with it, I'ma bring you the medicine

[Pre-Chorus: Flo Rida]
Give you that XO freebie, let's go, repeat
Come and get some of this L-O-V-E
You know what I want, I know you need me
Ooh-ah, ooh-ah, let me tell you now

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
If you're waiting for the moment, here it is
If you're aiming for the heart, then you can't miss
You wanna know, oh-oh-oh-oh
Where's the love?
Here it is

[Bridge: Flo Rida]
You wanna do it all day
I give you the Flo and I let you ride it, baby
Good lovin', don't play, give me the show
Oh yeah, I like the way you roll roll roll it
Keep the party goin'
There's really only one thing I gotta know-oh-oh-oh

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
If you're waiting for the moment, here it is
If you're aiming for the heart, then you can't miss
You wanna know, oh-oh-oh-oh
Where's the love?
Here it is
If you're waiting for the moment, here it is
If you're aiming for the heart, then you can't miss
You wanna know, oh-oh-oh-oh
Where's the love?
Here it is

[Chorus]
This state of mind's got me crazy
How could you get me so angry??
Look now, You've got me screaming!

[Verse 1]
There's a lot going on inside my mind
It's true I'm always lying
(I've wondered)
Am I already dead if I'm living to die?
I'll sit and listen, but I'm thinking
'bout how bad I want to open the window
And shove you (shove you)
Right out of it!

[Refrain]
There's no way that you could guess
What I'm about to do

I'll cheat just to win
Tunnel-vision type reaction!!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Laying here with my baby by my side
But something isn't right
I forget that I'm solo
Who's this brunette girl?
Let's fuck anyway!
I'll use you more than your using;
Like the drugs that you're abusing
It's so easy not to stop

[Bridge]
Hey there Facade
Without your help they all would know that I'm a fraud
It's like a game
It makes me sick
But I can now admit I love the rush I get
To overact
Use words to hurt
I'll bite my tongue just long enough to kill the nerves
And I'll ride you out
I'll ride you out
I'll ride you out
I'll ride you out
I'll ride you out!!

[Verse 1]
Sunny Day
There's no way there was a cloud
Except the blue one hanging over you
So hide beneath the cloth
You don't wanna get burned
If you have tears I hope they hurt
We live to give and take away
So on, the sand, we lay Tuesday
Thursday I know you're someone different
So on, the sand, we lay Tuesday
Thursday I know you're someone different

[Chorus]
It's been one year (One year)
Since that last Tuesday
And still I know
You're someone different (someone different)
Someone different

[Verse 2]
Hey lady, can you tell me the reason
For leaving the tone how it is
Seeing you's like opening up a Coke when you're thirsty
But all that I get is fizz
Now you're just a number
A number on a list
Just because you're hurting doesn't mean I don't exist!

[Refrain]
Something real can still be fake
It's your innocence I take

[Hook]
And there's been some more since then
But you can still take a bow
'Cause you're part of
The people I'd use again

Even though...

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
Up Frazier Mountain
She would sit tight as snow came with night
As he would sleep off all the shit
Which later fed the guilt to help him die

HELP HIM DIE!!

[Hook]

Use again!!

[Verse 1]
Now I know why
I can't be alone, why?
Who needs a phone
When you don't need to speak to anyone
Mark my words here now
You know I won't mark yours, how?
Is this echo fading?
Or are we tuning it out?

[Pre-Chorus]
I understand that they have plans
For those that think they've thought it through
Let's pretend to make amends
With fake expressions like we knew
I thought I knew

[Chorus]
If you would (just shut) your mouth
Every now and again
I guarantee your eyes would open wide
If I could (block out) these sounds
For just fifteen minutes
Maybe then I'd get some feeling back between my ears

[Verse 2]
Why don't I go outside and get myself some air?
(You're not safe here)
I'll be fine
I'm just feeling trapped and crammed in there
Now is never ending... (Never ending)

I'll be fine, I'll be fine, I'll be fine, I'll be final

There is no way out of here
You are bound to live in fear
Never finding home
The beast is yet to come

I'll be fine, I'll be fine, I'll be fine, I'll be fine

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
There's a black hole in my gut
Shaping everything I feel
And a sickness in my mind
Twisting what I think is real

There's no one to blame but me
I'm the way I'd hate to be

[Hook]
I'm the way I'd hate to be
I'm the way I'd hate to be
I'm the way I'd hate to be
I'm the way I'd hate to be

[Instrumental]

[Hook]

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Go-Go Gadget
Go-Go Gadget
Go-Go Gadget Gucci
Go-Go Gadget Gucci
Go-Go Gadget Gucci
(x4)

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Go Go Gadget Go Go Gadget Go Go Gadget Go
Photomatic polo-addict tatted like a biker tatted
So old fashion I’m romantic all I smoke is dro
And my bullets go through cement doors
Got gadgets you ain’t seen before
Too erratic let ya have it
I’m a savage burning cabbage
If you ratted brains be splattered
On the wall like painted 

[?]
Gangsta 

[?] this gangsta 

[?] this a gangsta anthem I see
Solo addict, hydro Cali, ten times with your baby daddy
Too pathetic why you telling
Why you playing stupid when you did it
Now you swimming in the fucking Chattahoochee
Who did you 

[?] going at it
Tell em Gucci 

[?]
Yes he on me braining Gucci skulls stupid Gucci go

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Go Go Gadget Go Go Gadget
I go broke got no more gadgets
Smoking Cali barely standin’
Diamonds dancin’ in my mansion
Go go gadget go go goons
Then leave you stanking in the alley
Stupid goons with super guns
Who say them boys ain’t playing barely
Turn to a truck I can self destruct
I can drop the top, I can let it up
He let you down,  I stepped it up
He 

[?] but I ripped it up
I changed the paint, I can change the guts
I can change the lane and I can change the cut
I can change my style, I can change my slang
But fuck that shit I ain’t changin nuuh
I remain the same, Inspector Gadget

[?] niggas be extra lame
Got so much dope need extra veins
May not deal in the stock exchange
But I do deal in the block exchange
Three million dollars on a private plane
Count money on the jet with a money machine

[Hook]

[Produced by Wallpaper]

[Intro]
Girl, ladies, let your hurr down (Ooh, yeah)
Let your hurr down
We's about to get down (Ooh, yeah)

[Verse 1]
Oh my, oh my, oh my God
This girl straight and this girl not
Tipsy off that peach Cîroc
Like la la la
Ching-a-lang-lang, ching-a-ling-a-lang-lang
Jeans so tight I could see loose change
Do your thang, thang, girl, do that thang
Like la la la

[Pre-Chorus]
To them pretty facety girls tryna impress each other
And them undercover freaks who ain't nothin' but trouble
Baby, I'ma tell you some' only 'cause I love ya
People all around the world sexy motherfuckers

[Chorus]
Get ugly
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Yeah)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily, get ugly, babe (Ooh)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily, get ugly
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
You're too sexy to me, sexy to me
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Yeah)
You're too sexy to me, sexy to me
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
So sexy
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily
Damn, that's ugly

[Verse 2]
Bruh, I can't, I can't even lie
I'm about to be that guy
Someone else gon' have to drive me home (Home)
La la la
Bang-a-rang-rang, bang-a-ring-a-rang-rang
Bass in the trunk, vibrate that thang
Do your thang, thang, girl, do that thang
Like la la la

[Pre-Chorus]
To them pretty facety girls tryna impress each other (Tryna impress)
And them undercover freaks who ain't nothin' but trouble (Undercover, baby, yeah)
Baby, I'ma tell you some' only 'cause I love ya
People all around the world sexy motherfuckers

[Chorus]
Get ugly
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily, get ugly, baby (Ooh)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily, woo-hoo (Yeah)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily, and everybody say la la la (Ooh)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily, get ugly
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
You're too sexy to me, sexy to me
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Yeah)
You're too sexy to me, sexy to me
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
So sexy
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily
Damn, that's ugly

[Bridge]
Ayy, Ricky, haha
This beat give me that ugly face, man
Everybody, yeah, lose control
Let's get ugly, dysfunctional (Let's get ugly, dysfunctional)
Everybody, ayy, lose control (Lose control)
Let's get ugly, dysfunctional (Get ugly)

[Pre-Chorus]
To them pretty faced girls tryna impress each other
And them undercover freaks who ain't nothin' but trouble
Baby, I'ma tell you some' only cause I love ya
People all around the world sexy motherfuckers (People all around the world)

[Chorus]
Ooh
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
Leggo, yeah
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
Light them up and pass that, pass that, la la la, ha
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
Everybody, lose control (Yeah)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
Let's get ugly, dysfunctional (Get ugly)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Yeah)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily, you know what I'm talking about (Yeah)
You're too sexy to me, sexy to me
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Yeah)
You're too sexy to me, sexy to me
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily (Ooh)
You're so sexy
Diddily, diddily, diddily, diddily
Damn, that's ugly
Produced By Mike Will Made It

[Verse: Gucci Mane]

The Sun shines on a dog's ass sometimes
Sometimes you don't laugh now you gotta laugh last
I used to skrray, drop it all, yeah that's real glass
Now I'm first in that class, got that real gas
A bad bitch that match my swag with a real ass
Somebody help me save it, cause I spend it real fast
She said "Gucci Mane I love you, with your dog ass
Shorty fine, drinking lean out a tall glass
I'm balling hard and I wish that all the cash last
I'm hustling hard like I'm trying to get my cash back
I took a loss, had to go into my last sack
Lord Mercy! Money, got to make it all back
They say I'm nice and charming, but I got them mean racks
These niggas say they balling, but they never seen racks
I'm pimpin hard, man, I think I need a mean 'lac
It's Guwop, I took the game and I ain't giving it back
I fell off, but I bet you I ain't falling back
I get your whole clique wacked for like ten stacks
It's Brick Squad 1017 and I mean that
Got Dirty Money just like Diddy. Had to clean that!
I fell off, but I bet you I ain't falling back
I get your whole clique wacked for like ten stacks
It's Brick Squad 1017 and I mean that
Got Dirty Money just like Diddy. Had to clean that!

[Prod by Zaytoven]

[Intro]
It's Gucci
OK
It's Gucci
We're Going In

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
It's a cold day
I need somebody to lay with
I already got a lot of money to play with
It's a cold day
And this old brother crazy
I got all these bricks in my lil mama basement
It's a cold day

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]

I'm a Gucci Mane, gotta get them
Got me rapping to a whole 'nother rhythm
It's side-tipping, fat Gucci gotta strap
But I ain't finna say who did him
Imma put a little change on hitting him
Got Rottweiler goons, I'll sick 'em
I'll split 'em, we can get another victim
In a room with a Boa Constrictor
I ripped your ex before I picked her
My mental, my pistol
My sticker is sicker
My mixtape go get 'em
Got badass hoes, I pick 'em
Put all my change on shitting 'em
Imma drive without the lights
Talking like it's hype
Get wheels and a new system
If a nigga hating on me, kiss 'em
Cause I ain't got time now to diss 'em
Imma pull up to the shop
Kill the parking lot
But none of my fans gonna miss him
Imma tell a nigga plain and simple
I bust a nigga head, no pimper
I shoot a bullet in the temple
This a day he won't remember

[Hook]
It's a cold day
I need somebody to lay with
I already got a lot of money to play with
It's a cold day
And this old brother crazy
I got all these bricks in my lil mama basement
It's a cold day

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
You see, this is a train crash
How long will the fame last?
Who cares? Teacher came to class
"Gucci" on my name-tag
I'm snatching the game back
You might get your chain snatched
You try me, get aimed at
Zone 6, you can blame that
And death is the penalty
There's so many men in these
I'm smoking my enemies
Like our sales are, visibly
The GB I hunt
Think I'm laundering money
Cause I got twenties and fifties
And I got plenty of hundreds
If I lose on the gamble
Then that ain't nothing to me
I could stand alone
Cause I'm the boss of the streets
I'm a cold-blooded veteran
Yeses to a freshman. Test me
You might end up serving me refreshments

[Hook]
It's a cold day
I need somebody to lay with
I already got a lot of money to play with
It's a cold day
And this old brother crazy
I got all these bricks in my lil mama basement
It's a cold day

[Prod by Zaytoven]

It's Gucci!
Catch Up!

[Intro: Sampled speech]

I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets
I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets

I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets
I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I got fat pockets
I don't like a wallet
I got fat pockets
Money in the closet
I got fat pockets
About three deposits
Hundred-fifty k
Haters can't stop it
Money and the power
Think I'm selling powder
Sipping drank, got me leaning
Like the Eiffel Tower
Money in the shower
Hundreds getting wet
Sell it to you wet
I'm all about a check
My pockets got the mumps like Professor Klump
Gucci on the run, put a shorty in a slump
I'm in the foreign, so the front, Yeah, that's where the trunk
And I'm so hood, park the 'rari, come back in a donk
(Catch up!)

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets
I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets

I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets
I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets

I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets
I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets

I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets
I got fat pockets
I got, I got fat pockets

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
See the battle of the bands in my fucking pants
Hundred grands worth of dead, old white man
Yellow Red, Drop-top, it's the redskins
Enough jewelry to make a young bitch's head spin
Haters mad, looking at me like "It's you again!"
And nigga its lonely at the top, but I can buy a friend
I got some twins in the back, think I'm a fly em in
And when they land, it's a movie or a drive-in
And I don't see these pussy niggas like a blind man
It's East Atlanta, but I nicknamed it The Crimeland
And my bank account pregnant from my right hand
And my crew get wasted like a Rock glass

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Out with the bird, park on the curb
Still get paid on the first and the third
Splurge with an urge, goons on the go
Waiting on Gucci Mane just to give them the word
First 48, I killt  the parking lot
Big blunts of kush I spark a lot
Offset forgs, they sticking out
Park that bitch in the 6 a lot
Hundreds in my pocket, they falling out
Every little week, I'm balling out
Top-drop, bay is falling down
On Pea-Tree Avenue I'm falling down
On pancakes, this rattle snake
Sliding round on a 

[?]
Like a hovercraft, giving autographs
Wish my gran' could see me now
Big Kid say he want to be me now
Tell the truth, I wanna be me too
Want a fly on the wall with a bird's eye view
My whole life should've been pay-per-view
Rock solid, make good profit
But I wish I had like ten pockets
Thugged out, then plugged in
I think I got like ten sockets

[Hook]

[Intro: Chief Keef]
Hello?
Yeah?
What up?
Nothing
You dry
Its 3 o'clock in the morning out here
How? Ah its 3 hour difference doe, never mind

[Interlude: Gucci Mane]
You’re running through my mind
I think about you all the time
You motivate my grind
You shine, I shine, we shine
What you've done to me
Girl come have some fun with me
What you want from me?
Please don’t get scared
Don’t run from me
Walking on the beach
And then my lil mama a freak
Seven days out the week
Yeah we fucking, constantly

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
I'm a star, being humble now
Parking brand new car
Ballin' hard, like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
With my broad
Constantly crossing the country
Constantly getting the money
You niggas haten' constantly
But I don’t take it personally
Thirty G's a verse from me
Your baby daddy work for me
And I am not ashamed to say
And I think about my family constantly

[Verse 1: Chief Keef]
Your friend constantly h
Hitting my phone! Constantly
These feds steady tapping my phone
Think they onto me
I be getting money, spending money, constantly
Continue to hate on me
I swear that shit don’t bother me, aye!
Smoke OG no bubbly
And I smoke that shit constantly
I fuck hoes constantly and I rock shows constantly
Baby why you joking, I don’t play?
These niggas jokes I'm out of space and I'm a spade
Every time she whine, I'm like, “OK?”
I don’t want to hear that shit, not today
Let me check my watch
24 in a day and its 12 up in my watch
Ain't no time to waste
Got some cake to make
She want to see me
I told that bitch another day!

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
I'm a star, being humble now
Parking brand new car
Ballin' hard, like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
With my broad
Constantly crossing the country
Constantly getting the money
You niggas haten' constantly
But I don’t take it personally
Thirty G's a verse from me
Your baby daddy work for me
And I am not ashamed to say
And I think about my family constantly

[Intro]
Mmmm, yeah
Goodbye

[Verse 1]
We never said that we would be perfect
We only said that we'd try
And when you said that we were forever
I guess it's just another lie
Letting me slip right through your fingers
I hope you know it's real this time, yeah
You know that I said I'd never come home for a last goodbye, yeah

[Chorus]
I don’t wanna let you go if you still love me
'Cause I don’t wanna see you cry, yeah
But it feels like you and I are dying
And there’s no one that can save our lives, yeah
And I know we're sick and tired of fighting
Sick and tired of being sick and tired, yeah
But I know that you're gonna want me to come home for a last goodbye

[Post-Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, aye
Bye-ye-ye, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 2]
Laying in the dark with you against me
I can't even open my eyes
'Cause the pain has outweighed the pleasure
Don't think I can take another night
How has my best friend become such a stranger?
It seemed like everything was fine
We've already been through this twice
And I'm never coming home for a last goodbye

[Chorus]
I don’t wanna let you go if you still love me
'Cause I don’t wanna see you cry, yeah
But it feels like you and I are dying
And there’s no one that can save our lives, yeah
And I know we're sick and tired of fighting
Sick and tired of being sick and tired, yeah
But I know that you're gonna want me to come home for a last goodbye

[Post-Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, aye
Bye-ye-ye, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Breakdown]
Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, yeah
Oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, yeah

[Chorus]
I don’t wanna let you go if you still love me
'Cause I don’t wanna see you cry, yeah
But it feels like you and I are dying
And there’s no one that can save our lives, yeah
And I know we're sick and tired of fighting
Sick and tired of being sick and tired, yeah
But I know that you're gonna want me to come home for a last goodbye

[Post-Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, aye
Bye-ye-ye, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Outro]
You let me down
I gave you up
I took you back
I guess I can't blame ya for this when I told myself
I’ll never say that last goodbye
I'll never say...
That last goodbye

[Prod by Zaytoven]

[Intro]
Because I'm grinding
Got this shining
Tell my connect
That I love him
Tell my connect that I love him
Tell my connect that I love him
Because I'm grinding
Got this shining
Tell my connect
That I love him
Well shoot the house apart
Shit, burn it down and call it justice

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
So holla at the bustas if you looking for a sucker
They 

[I don't speak Spanish] and the body 

[more Spanish]
Gucci!
Cocaine white as dairy
Provided by Dirty Harry
I bet you call me dirty when I spun this for the Marys
The pounds got me married to my negro for the cabbage
I'm living lavish, gambling houses look like Caesar's Palace
Gucci!
Driving to the hole, I'll pull up on your for the J
I'm dirty when I play, I might cross over for a Tre
Gucci going postal, coast to coast about my mail
I break you playing CeeLo, then I buy your drawers- Chapelle
I'm higher than Stone Mountain and my penguin like a fountain
My boy down in the park will leave your heart somewhere, not pounding

[Hook]
Gucci gamble!
I keep a pocket full of hundreds like I'm finna gamble
Three hundred-fifty in my duffel, finna buy a Lambo
Your life in fucking shambles
You'll try me? That's a gamble
An AR-15 in case a nigga want to gamble
I keep a pocket full of hundreds like I'm finna gamble
Three hundred-fifty in my duffel, 'bout to cop a Lambo
Your life ain't worth the shambles
You'll try me? That's a gamble
AR-15 in case a nigga want to gamble

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Nigga try fluids!
My chickens rap Jewish
All white beads and the light shine blue-ish
Money, money money. I'm making love to it
A thousands pounds of mid. You know I'm gonna move it
Snowing in the summer. Raining in the club
Fuck, I'm off to get your diamonds, I just spent a fucking load
Drop a grand in six seconds. Tell a bitch to bounce
She'll find out there I bought a ward that's thicker than a house
My closet like the Gucci store
I am such a Gucci whore
Gucci glasses, Gucci bag, I gotta go and get some more
I'm gonna roll the dice and hope that I don't crap out
Can't through my hand in, I'm too low down

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
We can reconvene at a place that's more serene
In Athens I'm a God. In Alabama I'm the king
In Georgia I'm the boss. In Las Vegas I'm a baller
And he's a ballerina, dodging bullets like a dodger
Shout out to the bloggers. I know I'm a problem
I'm strapped like Super Contra, so tell the fucking robbers
I'm inky tatted-crazy, diamonds blinking out my pinkie
I'm inky in the water, guess that's why the hoes' so kinky
You rinky, dinky, stinky record labels are beneath me
Now you being nasty. Dissing when you cannot beat me
I'm still undefeated, and that's an honest statement
But I speak it and I preach it, so fuck all of you leeches

[Hook]

[Intro: Peewee Longway]
No one motherfucking else, can't be
Know what I'm saying nigga?

[Hook: Young Thug]
Tell him lil' Jeff said that he feel like no one else
Tell him Peewee Longway say he feel like no one else
Tell him big Guwop say that he feel like no one else
Tell him lil' Guwop say that he feel like no one else
When I copped that Rover, man, I drove like no one else
When he copped that Audi, bet he drove like no one else
When he bought a Phantom, bet he drove like no one else
When your ho leave Guapo bet she feel like no one else

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
I got a bad bitch, she say she feel like nobody
Ain't no vampire, but I got Buffie The Body
Made a 100k off rapping; rapping, that is my hobby
Longway meet the newest member of the goddamn lobby
This monkey bitch crabbing, so I cashed out on her partner
I don't know her, but she say she know the mother of my daughter
I'm not talking 'bout no dad, but we don't have to go farther
I don't care, but if you ever need booze, I take your hard-earned
I look just like my middle name, that ass fat from a mile away
I got my mother's friends, I like that pussy bald head
I'm thugger, major pain, I put that icing on her grill
Just like Johnny Dang, Johnny Dang, Johnny Dang

[Hook: Young Thug]
Tell him lil' Jeff said that he feel like no one else
Tell him Peewee Longway say he feel like no one else
Tell him big Guwop say that he feel like no one else
Tell him lil' Guwop say that he feel like no one else
When I copped that Rover, man, I drove like no one else
When he copped that Audi, bet he drove like no one else
When he bought a Phantom, bet he drove like no one else
When your ho leave Guapo bet she feel like no one else

[Verse 2: Peewee Longway]
When I'm a Audi, Longway feel like no one else
Got your bitch into her vest, just call me Peewee Longway health
Now roll my weed, stuffed up two grams
Too fucked up, two cups in the Phantom
Lord, that ain't us, that country grammar
Something like a country boy staying in Atlanta
Y'all niggas ain't know we sip mud out the Phantom
Clienteles'll get your ass scrubbed in Atlanta
Skinny Beretta on deuces, don't scrub in the Audi
UK, foreign whip, don't know a nigga like it
Switch-a-roo a UK bitch, I thought a nigga like it
Big Guwop, Guapo,Thug in the posse
Yeen shit like us, cause we going in your pockets
Boot it up, nigga, took off like a rocket
We the plug in the socket
Take a nigga bitch, it's a hobby
Run around the motherfucking lobby
Guapo and Thug, back to back serving in the 'rari
Got racks that are older than Atari. Guwop and the bud
Just finessed the plug out a thousand
The Brick Factory count up a thousand
Sipping mud out the mug, white folk think a nigga wildin'
You'll never see another nigga like it

[Hook: Young Thug]
Tell him lil' Jeff said that he feel like no one else
Tell him Peewee Longway say he feel like no one else
Tell him big Guwop say that he feel like no one else
Tell him lil' Guwop say that he feel like no one else
When I copped that Rover, man, I drove like no one else
When he copped that Audi, bet he drove like no one else
When he bought a Phantom, bet he drove like no one else
When your ho leave Guapo bet she feel like no one else

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
They say I walk like cash, and I talk too fast
Girl to the mall yeah I bought her two bags
Gucci Mane tryna sell more houses
Don’t give a damn that I used to sell ounces
My block be my trap house, power
Sell out apartments, Section-8 housing
Gucci is the God, man, you don't want to start it
Have the world saying "Dearly Departed"
All she wrote
Bandanna hanging
Fat lady singing, quote, unquote
I sell dope, I cut coke
Expensive ass boat Imma keep it up afloat
I'm the captain, all aboard
Come on, why you can't afford
If I wasn't rapping, I'd be robbing
That's hard for you to absorb
Florida free, more keys for me
Serve it to you dirty cheap
Dirty dog, dirty drop, so Imma charge you thirty-three
Swagger jack my style, yeah you stole it like a burglary
911 emergency, I keep on making currencies

[Hook: Young Thug]
Tell him lil' Jeff said that he feel like no one else
Tell him Peewee Longway say he feel like no one else
Tell him big Guwop say that he feel like no one else
Tell him lil' Guwop say that he feel like no one else
When I copped that Rover, man, I drove like no one else
When he copped that Audi, bet he drove like no one else
When he bought a Phantom, bet he drove like no one else
When your ho leave Guapo bet she feel like no one else

[Verse 4: Jose Guapo]
OK, now when she on that molly she turn to somebody else
She so ready to fuck she tried to do it by herself
I told her that's Versace, watch how you pulling on that belt
And these is Christian Loub, now that's a rack every time I step
I'm with Longway, I'm with Jeff
Just poured up eight up by myself
Pull up in that foreign feature 'rari, hop out and just sit
Touchdown in LA, 1017, God they on jets
I seen Guwop call up Birdman, told 100k a bet
Why every time you see the kid I'm with another nigga's bitch?
All my shooters play with choppers, you can tell they with the shit
I don't give a fuck about her, she'll get fucked then get dismissed
Smoking weed and sipping lean, designer down behind the tent

[Pre-Chorus]
Every time you come around
I'm like ooh ooh, baby, ooh ooh, baby
When I see you break it down
I'm like you do, baby, you do, baby
Papa told me, "Boy, don't ever let down your guard"
But when you touch my hand and talk that talk
I got a knockin' in my knees and a wobble in my walk

[Chorus]
Wobble in my, wobble in my
Wobble in my, wobble in my
When you touch my hand and talk that talk
I got a knockin' in my knees and a wobble in my walk

[Verse 1]
It's like my head's back, been drinkin' out the bottle, I swallow
Some strong drank, but really just my motto, she lotto
Jackpot, grand prize, champion franchise
Born ready and she get it right there on time
Early A.M., breakfast after the mayhem
Baby, 'cause they don't make them like you
I hope that you hate them
Black card, that's a virgin, I keep 'em twerkin'
They're workin', that's why they're perfect, go 'head and purchase

[Refrain]
Girl, it's on me, yeah, it's my dime
Damn, if I'm wrong, yeah, it's alright
When you go down, down in my mind
Do what you want, that's what I like

[Pre-Chorus]
Every time you come around
I'm like ooh ooh baby, ooh ooh baby
When I see you break it down
I'm like you do, baby, you do, baby
Papa told me, "Boy, don't ever let down your guard"
But when you touch my hand and talk that talk
I got a knockin' in my knees and a wobble in my walk

[Chorus]
Wobble in my, wobble in my
Wobble in my, wobble in my
When you touch my hand and talk that talk
I got a knockin' in my knees and a wobble in my walk

[Verse 2]
Wobble, wobble, satisfaction, my model
Show me you'll lead the way, and maybe I'll follow
Promise you ecstasy, long as you're here with me
No promise at all, my love be guaranteed
Cause baby I'll hit the throttle, make our way to the grotto
Private dancin' in there and some Playboy mansion tomorrow
It's all free, cause I agree you make 'em weak
Talkin' 'bout my knees, and the thing you need, girl

[Refrain]
Girl, it's on me, yeah, it's my dime
Damn, if I'm wrong, yeah, it's alright
When you go down, down in my mind
Do what you want, that's what I like

[Pre-Chorus]
Every time you come around
I'm like ooh ooh baby, ooh ooh baby
When I see you break it down
I'm like you do, baby, you do, baby
Papa told me, "Boy, don't ever let down your guard"
But when you touch my hand and talk that talk
I got a knockin' in my knees and a wobble in my walk

[Bridge]
(Wobble)
Work, work, work, work, work with it
Don't stop, don't, don't stop, get it
When you touch my hand and talk that talk
I got a knockin' in my knees and a wobble in my walk

[Chorus]
Wobble in my, wobble in my
Wobble in my, wobble in my
When you touch my hand and talk that talk
I got a knockin' in my knees and a wobble in my walk

[Chorus: Fitz]
I said hey, that's what I like, I like about you
The way you do what you do, how you do, I like about you
Come on now, hey, that's what I like, I like about you
The way you do what you do, how you do, I like about you
I said hey, hey, hey, hey

[Verse 1: Flo Rida]
They call me Ali Bomaye, M.I.A. to Bombay, baby
I go hard, so don't come lazy, come lazy
This is my party, don't be late
And how much fun can one man take?
You walk past and I go crazy
Oh my, my, my, my
Like it, like it, checkmate yeah
I'm movin' up, up, shut 'em all down
I like it, like it, I get bread
I got a tour, on that black Ferrari, zoom on in
Hop in let's get it started
Beg my pardon, but you got it
And that's why I said

[Chorus: Fitz]
I said hey, that's what I like, I like about you
The way you do what you do, how you do, I like about you
Come on now, hey, that's what I like, I like about you
The way you do what you do, how you do, I like about you
I said hey, hey, hey, hey

[Verse 2: Flo Rida]
My mama ain't raise no fool or no failure
Only go first place, let me upgrade ya
Olé, red flag I'm wavin'
Your way, drop down, I'm chasin'
Oh my, my, my you look
Look so bad, bad like good
Good times, all the time I'm havin'
Tonight and I don't mind braggin'
Give me one for the treble, I need two for the bass
I spend my three wishes on you, that's just my generous ways
Throw it back like it's the way, I work the play
A little harder than the rest I'm Dr. J
I'm an all-time great, you twerk the same like
Oh my, my, my, my

[Chorus: Fitz]
I said hey, that's what I like, I like about you
The way you do what you do, how you do, I like about you
Come on now, hey, that's what I like, I like about you
The way you do what you do, how you do, I like about you
I said hey, hey, hey, hey
You know there's Dasher and Dancer and Prancer and Vixen
Comet and Cupid and Donner and Blitzen
Oh, but do you recall
The most famous reindeer of all?
Whoa, ooh, his name is

Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer
Had a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it
You would even say it glows

All of the other, other, other reindeer
Used to laugh and call him names
They never let poor Rudolph
Join in any reindeer games

(Then one foggy Christmas eve)
You know
(Santa came to say)
(Hey Rudolph)
You, with your nose so bright
Come on, come on, come on, come on and guide my sleigh tonight
Then how the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
(Hey Rudolph)
Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer
You'll go down in history

(Then one foggy Christmas eve)
Santa came to say
(Hey Rudolph)
You, with your nose so bright
Come on, come on, come on, come on and guide my sleigh tonight

Then how the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
(Hey Rudolph)
Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer
You'll go down in history

Ooo, Rudolph, come on and guide my sleigh
Ooo, Rudolph, come on and guide my sleigh
Hey, hey, hey, Rudolph, come on and guide my sleigh tonight
Hey, hey, hey, Rudolph, with your nose so bright
Oh they don't understand
That I just wanna dance
That I just wanna dance
I just, I just wanna dance
And they don't even know
That i'm about to blow
Yeah i'm about to blow
I'mma, I'mma bout to blow

And I just wanna hit the club
And drop it to the floor
And when they think I've had enough
Then i'mma give them more
We rock it through the night
And then we rock it through the day

The only button we know
How to press is play
I wanna show it
So i'mma keep it going
Play
Don't stop the music
DJ just keep it moving
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Play
Don't stop the music
DJ just keep it moving
If you ain't from the play
Get up out of my way
Get up out of my way
Ge-Get up out of my way
Cause I'm about to mosh
Do it just like a boss
Do it just like a boss
Do-do it just like a boss

And I just wanna hit the club
And drop it to the floor
And when they think I've had enough
Then i'mma give them more
We rock it through the night
And then we rock it through the day

The only button we know
How to press is play
I wanna show it
Play
Don't stop the music
DJ just keep it moving
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Play
Don't stop the music
DJ just keep it moving
And I just wanna hit the club
And drop it to the floor
And when they think I've had enough
Then i'mma give them more
We rock it through the night
And then we rock it through the day

The only button we know
How to press......Play

I wanna show it
So i'mma keep it going
Play
Don't stop the music
DJ just keep it moving
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Play
Don't stop the music
DJ just keep it moving

[Verse 1]
Oh, oh, oh
Day in, day out
Sidewalk sleepers turn about
Day by day, the work gets done
Day by day, another war goes on

[Chorus]
Tell me, where are we going?
Oh oh, what's the future showin'?
Oh, where are we headed?
With all that's goin' on, where are we gettin'?

[Verse 2]
Day in, day out
A little boy and girl are goin' out
Day by day, baby's babies are born
Day by day, people say, "Right on"

[Chorus]
Tell me, where are we going'?
Oh oh, what's the future showin'?
Oh, where are we headed?
With all that's goin' on where are we gettin'?

[Bridge]
All we need
All we need
All we need
All we need
All we need, oh

[Verse 3]
Day in, day out
It gets better, the people shout
Day by day flames get higher
Lives and pains, yeah, they fuel the fire

[Chorus]
Oh, where are we going?
Oh oh, what's the future showin'?
Where are we headed?
With all that's goin' on, where are we gettin'?

[Outro]
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh (Where are we going?)
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh (Where are we going?)
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh (Where are we going?)
With all that's goin' on, where are we headin'?
Day by day, baby (Where are we going?)
By day (Where are we going?)
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh (Where are we going?)
Oh oh oh, oh oh oh
(Where are we going?)
(Where are we going?)
(Where are we going?)
Ooh, hoo-hoo-hoo (Where are we going?)
Oh oh oh, da-da-da-da (Where are we going?)
(Where are we going?)
In the event of something happening to me
There is something i would like you all to see
It's just a photograph of someone that i knew
Have you seen my wife, mr. jones?
Do you know what it's like on the outside?
Don't go talking too loud, you'll cause a landslide, mr. jones
I keep straining my ears to hear a sound
Maybe someone is digging underground
Or have they given up and all gone home to bed
Thinking those who once existed must be dead
Have you seen my wife, mr. jones?
Do you know what it's like on the outside?
Don't go talking too loud, you'll cause a landslide, mr. jones
In the event of something happening to me
There is something i would like you all to see
It's just a photograph of someone that i knew
Hvae you seen my wife, mr. jones?
Do you know what it's like on the outside?
Don't go talking too loud, you'll cause a landslide, mr. jones
What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah, woah

Pussycat, pussycat, I've got flowers
And lots of hours to spend with you
So go and make up your cute little pussycat eyes
Pussycat, pussycat, I love you, oh, yes sweet, I do

What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah, woah

Pussycat, pussycat, you're so thrilling
And I'm so willing to care for you
So go and powder your cute little pussycat nose
Pussycat, pussycat, I love you, oh, yes sweet, I do

What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah, woah
What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah, woah

Pussycat, pussycat, you're so thrilling
And I'm so willing to care for you
So go and powder your cute little pussycat eyes
Pussycat, pussycat, I love you, oh, yes sweet, I do

What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah
What's new pussycat? Woah, woah
There was a little railroad train with loads and loads of toys
All starting out to find a home with little girls and boys
And as that little railroad train began to chug along
The little engine up in front was heard to sing this song

Choo, choo, choo, choo
Choo, choo, choo, choo
I feel so good today
Oh hear the track
Oh clickety clack
I'll go my merry way

The little train went rousing on so fast it seemed to fly
Until it reached a mountain that went almost to the sky
The little engine moaned and groaned and huffed and puffed away
But halfway to the top it just gave up and seemed to say

I can't go on
I can't go on
I'm weary as can be
I can't go on
I can't go on
This job is not for me
The toys got out to push but all in vain alas alack
And then a great big engine came a whistling down the track
They asked if it would kindly pull them up the mountain side
But with a high and mighty sneer it scornfully replied

Don't bother me, don't bother me to pull the likes of you
Don't bother me, don't bother me, I've better things to do

The toys all started crying 'cause that engine was so mean
And then there came another one, the smallest ever seen
But though it seemed that she could hardly pull herself along
She hitched on to the train and as she pulled she sang this song

I think I can, I think I can, I think I have a plan
And I can do most anything if I only think I can

Then up that great big mountain with the cars all full of toys
And soon they reached the waiting arms of happy girls and boys
And though that ends the story it will do you lots of good
To take a lesson from the little engine that could

Just think you can, just think you can
And have that understood
And very soon you'll start to say, I always knew I could

I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could
I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could, I knew I could
Yeah
You gonna be my lover baby
You ain't gonna stop
I'm gonna give you real good love
Gonna drive ( ? )

Well move, move on down the line

I'm gonna do right, do right all the time

Well I'm gonna move on down the line
I'm gonna get this girl to be mine
She'll be cool and she'll be tall
( ? ) we gotta go

[Verse 1: David Bowie]
Johnny's in America
Lo-Teks at the wheel
No one needs anyone
They don't even just pretend
Johnny's in America

[Chorus: David Bowie and Trent Reznor]
I'm afraid of Americans
I'm afraid of the world
I'm afraid I can't help it
I'm afraid I can't
I'm afraid of Americans
I'm afraid of the world
I'm afraid I can't help it
I'm afraid I can't
I'm afraid of Americans

[Verse 2: David Bowie]
Johnny's in America
Johnny wants a brain
Johnny wants to suck on a Coke
Johnny wants a woman
Johnny wants to think of a joke
Johnny's in America

[Chorus: David Bowie and Trent Reznor]
I'm afraid of Americans
I'm afraid of the world
I'm afraid I can't help it
I'm afraid I can't
I'm afraid of Americans
I'm afraid of the world
I'm afraid I can't help it
I'm afraid I can't
I'm afraid of Americans

[Verse 3: David Bowie]
Johnny's in America
Johnny looks up at the stars
Johnny combs his hair
Johnny wants pussy and cars
Johnny's in America
Johnny's in America

[Chorus: David Bowie and Trent Reznor]
I'm afraid of Americans
I'm afraid of the world
I'm afraid I can't help it
I'm afraid I can't
Yeah, I'm afraid of Americans
I'm afraid of the words
I'm afraid I can't help it
I'm afraid I can't
I'm afraid of Americans

[Outro: David Bowie]
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
God is an American
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
God is an American
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
God is an American
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
God is an American
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
A child of winter
A child of the snow
I'm making a snowball
That someone will throw
I'm making a snowman
With charcoal for the eyes
A scarf draped in red
And a derby on his head

Here comes Santa Claus, here comes Santa Claus
Right down Santa Claus Lane
Vixen and Blitzen and all his reindeer are pulling on the reins
Bells are ringing, children singing
All is merry and bright
Hang your stockings and say your prayers
'Cause Santa Claus comes tonight

The evening of Christmas
Presents have been passed
The wood in the fireplace
Is glowing its last
I'm closing my eyes now
In my bed I'm snuggling
Outside my window
The carolers sing
Christmas comes and the snow covers all
Trees are decorated with tinsel and lights
Mama's in the kitchen making cookies and bread
The children are hungry, they're waiting to be fed

A child of Christmas
A child of snow
A wonderful feeling
Underneath the mistletoe
And may your Christmas
Last all year
With laughter of children
Peace and cheer

A child of Christmas
A child of snow
A wonderful feeling
Underneath the mistletoe
Merry Christmas to you
Ding dong ding go the bells
Ding dong ding go the bells
Ding dong ding go the bells
Ding dong ding go the bells
Ding dong ding go the bells
Someone really loves you
Guess who, guess who
Someone really cares
Guess who
So open your heart
Oh, then surely you'll see
That the someone who really cares is me
Someone will wait eternally, eternally
Someone who'll need your love, oh, so desperately
So open your heart
Oh, then surely you'll see
That the someone who really cares is me
The someone who really cares
Who really cares is me
City sidewalks, busy sidewalks, dressed in holiday style
In the air there's a feeling of Christmas
Children laughing, people passing, meeting smile after smile
And on every street corner you hear
Silver bells, silver bells, it's Christmastime in the city
Hear the bells go ding-a-ling, hear them ring
Soon it will be Christmas day
Strings of street lights, even stop lights blink a bright red and green
As the shoppers rush home with their treasures
Hear the snow crunch, see the kids bunch, this is Santa's big scene
And above all this bustle you hear
Silver bells, silver bells, it's Christmastime in the city
Hear the bells go ding-a-ling, hear them ring
Soon it will be Christmas day
Yours is my heart alone
And without you, life holds no charm
Yours every thought I own
Our love the theme of every dream
All that makes life seem worthwhile
Dwells in your eyes and the spell of your smile
There is no song half so sweet to me
As your voice whispering I love you dear

[Verse 1: David Ruffin]
All my hopes and dreams are forgotten now
All the apples in my barrel are rotten now
Standing on a mountain of misery
Loneliness is my only company

[Chorus: The Temptations]
Oh, when are you gonna come, Cindy?
When will you be homeward bound?
I'm in need of you and the love of you, Cindy

[Verse 2: David Ruffin]
I thought we were birds of a feather now
And we would always be together now
And wherever I would go you would follow me
A life of love with you was my destiny

[Chorus: The Temptations & David Ruffin]
Oh, when you gonna come home, Cindy?
I wanna know When will you be homeward bound?
There's an empty space
Since you left this place, Cindy
Cindy

[Bridge: David Ruffin & The Temptations]
Come back, Cindy, come back
Cindy, you have made a great mistake
Come back, Cindy, come back
But mistakes were sometimes made to save
Come back, Cindy, come back
Cindy love is made of give and take
Come back, Cindy, come back
Let a move be made for love's sake
Come back, Cindy, come back
Come on home, can't you see
I was made for you, you were made for me

[Verse 3: David Ruffin]
People tell me I'm not the same now
I only half respond to my name now
But no one knows it better than me myself, baby
Without your love I never can be myself

[Chorus: The Temptations & David Ruffin]
Ooh, when you gonna come home, Cindy?
I wanna know When will you be homeward bound?
'Cause without you here, I'm lost out here
Cindy
Cindy
When you gonna come home, Cindy?
I wanna know When will you be homeward bound?
Girl, I've been needing you, I'm in love with you
Cindy, Cindy, Cindy, I wanna know
When you gonna come home, Cindy?
Oh, make it home, Cindy, soon
Oh, wen will you be homeward bound?

[Hook]
I got money stacked
Like dirty clothes
I love the kids
But I don't love the hoes
Fuck wit ya, boi
Shop wit ya folks
She say she love me
But she just love rolls
I got money stacks
Like dirty clothes
And I don't love her
She love my dirty dros
And if the game slow up
I'm back to flipping  O's
And I got bricks of blow
And sixty pounds of dope

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
R.I.P to my old hoes, say hello to my new friends
Bad chick with the red bottoms, we pull up in a brand new Benz
Foolish whip like Shawty Lo
I got foolish money, little shorty knows
My money growing like a Chia pet, our first date Lenox Mall
Our second date was shrimp & steak, our third date was hella great
Hella money, I sell hella weight
I got a big estate, with a huge lake
Helicopter with a pilot, Maybach with a driver
Bedroom with a kitchen in it, might wake up and cook a nine up
Or a deuce up for a four way
Got short money, it's no play
Got fifty pounds off that gas pack
You can smell this shit from the driveway
Sold this shit in like two days, been waiting on it like nine days
I'm a trap nigga, street living legend
Get my grass cut by like nine jays

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Well I came up from a fifty slab
I'm bad with English but good with math
I went from Texaco trying to catch a trap
To Manhattan trying to catch a cab (what)
Well they lock me up and they let me go
I'm balling on ya like Plaxico (hah)
Got jelly beans, got collard greens, got all good kinds of vegetables
I'm highly paid and successful
Imma cook it up and get extras
Got a bank-roll, no pressure
If ya owe me I won't stress ya
Professor teaching lectures
Better pull up this semester
Might learn something if you listen to me
If ya knew better do better
I'm a go-getter, I'm a gorilla
She ain't do nothin' if I ain't let her
I ain't finished living, you penny pinchin'
I'm talking to my investors
I'm walking round, I'm talking loud
I'm smoking loud, got cheddar
Your side of town, my side of town
My birds fly any weather

[Hook]

[Intro: Gucci Mane]
On the regular
Cause I'm not regular
This beat ain't regular
My style ain't (regular)

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Walk in Magic City on the motherfucking regular
(Regular, Regular, Regular, Regular)
I throw up money, King of Diamonds, Monday on the regular
(Regular, Regular, Regular, Regular)
Jamaican Kush I'm rolling up, cause I don't fuck with regular
(Regular, Regular, Regular, Regular)
Import my hoes from overseas, cause all my hoes ain't regular
(Regular, Regular, Regular, Regular)

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
None of my hoes regular, all my hoes superb
Absurd with these nouns and verbs
I be choosing words that ain't words
That seem crazy to you, but it still appeal
My dog, you got thirty years and he gon' appeal
I don't need a deal, cause I cash out on the regular
I don't do no debit cards, I don't fuck with creditors
All I do is talk money, cause Gucci got et cetera
Killed all my competitors, so ain't nobody better, bruh
Baby girl ain't regular, a normal nigga's scared of her
But everything I do is abnormal, my life is spectacular
Don't know what attracted her, but I got a bachelor pad
And I got your girlfriend, cause you laying down, I beat it up

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Gucci Mane la flair, extra-ordinaire player
Leave you choosing like a bear
At the fucking county fair
I swear that it ain't fair, cause I know that he a square
When he don't take you places, baby I can take you there
And I know you not prepared when I pull up in the rare
Car that comes from a whole nother hemisphere
Now let's get it clear, all these diamonds in my ear
Make it hard for me to steer when you're kissing down there
I had a blast last night, I had to tip the driver
Cause the shit he seen last night could have been on MacGuyver
Doors suicidal, so that shit was homicidal
You never seen the ghost? I guess you never seen me riding

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
She can't fit in my schedule
Because that shit she got ain't special, bruh
I guess it's kind of scary to her
Because that shit I do ain't usual
Yeah, I smash her on the casual
My money make me more attractable
But this shit ain't nothing non-negotiable
This Bricksquad crew and we ain't sociable
She wanna elope. No! I'm dragging my foot, bro
Who say I'm not a heart breaker telling a sad joke?
Ain't regular, no way, I'm tipping the valet
I need some green cards, immigrants in my driveway

[Hook]

[Verse 1]
Let's awaken and turn on our minds
No one is waiting for you in this line
So carry yourself on up, With no reason for delay
Before you didn't even care to ask
About the present or impending plans
I'm off for the day
It's whatever you wanna do

[Hook]
I can get you what you want
It's good to see you keep in touch

[Verse 2]
It doesn't bother me anymore
I know it seems as if you were ignored
But know that you weren't so tell me again
Bear with me, I'm not good at keeping up

[Verse 3]
Moving on, no more opinions now
The time is coming where we all dip out
So I'll follow you, or you follow me
Does anyone know where we go from here?

[Intro]

Make this shit nigga just spaz out, fly
Burr!
OK. CEO Gucci checking in
Time to go hard or go home

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Riding round the city in a two-seater
Got enough ice on for two people
Kush, near my two liter
No shirt on just a wife-beater
Quicker on the draw than an art teacher
Talking out loud like proud preachers
Pistol in my arm-reacher
King-sized swisher with some nice reefer
Hood are a-smashing the white people
Me on your track, that's a nice feature
Tats on my face like nine needles
Scratch like a nigga got nine heaters
No national, the Grand National
Bitches sucking me like Dracula
Flipping these hoes like spatulas
Coming down the hill, it's spectacular
Control the rock and unload the crop
And get it out soon as you hit the loading dock
Barbershop, cause of the shady boss
Bitch I'm back so good you couldn't tell or not
You can smell the knot, you can tell I'm hot
Snitching-ass niggas running to the feds a lot
Pardon, man, cause the hoes give head a lot
But if a nigga find out, he getting read about

[Hook]
My dogs be dragging them hoes
My dogs be dragging them hoes
My dogs be dragging them hoes
My dogs be dragging them hoes
My dogs be dragging them hoes
My dogs be dragging them hoes
My dogs be dragging them hoes
My dogs be dragging them hoes

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Niggas on the outside, looking. They trying to peep in
Me I'm on the inside, cooking or trying to sleep in
Kitchen full of raw ass chickens, like it was Church's
Hood full of clown-ass niggas, this shit's a circus
Who thinking Macs not hot? I be the leader
Park my shit in front of the school like I'm the teacher
Trying make this dope get hard, that's an erection
Only thing a nigga need now is a connection
West on the mean "You Gucci? I'm cooking fishes."
"Pounds in the trashbag. Gucci, go do the dishes."
Money on my mind, that summer job shit was petty
I'm thinking this summer what color I'll paint the Chevy

[Hook]

[Verse 1]
A doctor and her lover settled in a Ratcliff home
Taking day trips to Bolinas, they can barely see the road
She says, "My meeting's cancelled, in the morning, let's stay"
So baby please wait

[Chorus]
Let me give you a hug until this haze lets light touch your eyes
Or at least 'til the song finishes and we still try to sing along
Rock n' roll is here to stay

[Verse 2]
A boy who sings about how he's in a squeeze
Ends up oranges and an unused degree
She wears those earrings almost everyday
Trapezoid shapes, Everything seems so simple
You can't tell if it's basically fake, scenes from a tape
Cars on the edge passing hill after hill

[Chorus]
Let me give you a hug until this haze lets light touch your eyes
Or at least 'til the song finishes and we still try to sing along
Rock n' roll is here to stay

[Verse 1]
She's the only one he knows
The rest of us watch him go
He's not a television watcher
You can't get him back

[Chorus]
Every day's like this
No one gets nowhere
Everyone's like this
No one gets nothing
Like you--
Like me--

[Verse 2]
This space is up for grabs
I'll give it to you for free
Forgetting is such a task
So take what you please

[Chorus]
Every day's like this
No one gets nowhere
Everyone's like this
No one gets nothing
Like you--
Like me--
Like you--
Like me--

[Piano Outro By Anthony Ferraro]

[Intro]
Do you understand what must be done?
Don't make it into something that it's not
Do I need to spell it out?

[Verse]
What do you want? Is it more than her?
Maybe no one really wants to try
Why can't we see what's not happening?
Maybe love is only for the blind

[Chorus]
Do you understand what must be done?
Don't make it into something that it's not
Do you understand what must be done?
Don't make it into something that it's not
Do I need to spell it out?
We need to get together

[Instrumental Bridge]

[Chorus]
Do you understand what must be done?
Don't make it into something that it's not
Do you understand what must be done?
Don't make it into something that it's not
Do I need to spell it out?
We need to get together

[Outro]
What's not happening
What's happening?

[Verse 1]
Who are your new friends?
Why did you bring them?
But who am I? (Who am I?)

I took my time
Now I'm stuck in line
To see you
"Hey! how've you been?"

[Chorus]
Oooo, yeah right...
Oooo, yeah right...

[Verse 2]
Let's hang out soon, I'll give you a call
I'll be around (I'll be around), I think I'll go now
What do you mean? Stay for a while
Oh, let's go get high

[Chorus]
Oooo, yeah right...
Oooo, yeah right...

[Refrain]
(ooh, ohh)
Never gonna say goodbye, girl (ohh, no, no, ohh)
Never gonna say goodbye, girl (ohh, no, no, ooh)
Oooo

[Guitar Solo]

[Chorus]
Oooo, yeah right, yeah right...
Oooo, yeah right, yeah right...

[Instrumental Switches and Fades]

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

Me and you bitch get along
What is you saying, homes?
You and money don't get along
What is you saying, homes?
I'm on the road, always gone
Where is you staying, homes?
You niggas macho, ain't get cash
What is you saying, homes?

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]

Wrestling with the working figure for the dopeman
Hell yeah, Gucci Mane applaud, but used to be the dopeman
I had to search them niggas down, 'fore the money change hands
If you thinking of jacking Gucci, you fuckers better change plans
My buddy say he found God and that he's a changed man
I whipped the dope so hard it jumped to thirty-eight grams
You shopping with the middle-man, went through like thirty-eight hands
I got a thirty-eight special so I'm aiming at heads

[Hook] x2

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]

Nighttime in the hood, but my wrist glowing
I got your auntie smoke that pipe, yeah she been blowing
And you ain't gotta call, 

[?] where your bitch going
Drop 'rari in the hood, got the tits showing
She kick it with me the long way, yeah she feel going
Stupid racks in the wall, yeah they Mildewing
She say that you can't pay the bills, let the bitch do it
And even you can get some money, it ain't shit to it

[Hook] x2

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]

Tell me what you saying, homes
Then play it right, you played it wrong
Got a badass bitch that stayed at home
And you're home alone and on your own
Motherfuck you. Have a destitution, pump your list and call my phone
R.I.P to Pimp C, diss me and you gonna smell my cologne
Ain't no word 'bout casualties
Ain't no dead without tragedies
You standing by the block with me
But your bitch still wanna talk with me
I know the feds wanna shackle me
Dopeboys in my properties
Put a hundred Gs in your bitch house
But don't spend that shit without asking me

[Hook] x2

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

I used to know her
I used to know her
I used to know her
I used to know her
Says she got another nigga, but I used to know her
Says she got a man now, but I used to know her

I used to know her
I used to know her
I used to know her
I used to know her
Says she got another nigga, but I used to know her
Says she got a man now, but I used to know her

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]

I used to know this little thirsty ho named Nessa
Bills came in two hundreds
She asked for our help
So Gucci super-fly guy
Call me Young Delta
And the pussy stupid wet still, cause I just left her
Shorty got a trunk backed out
The Lord bless her
Kitchen table to the shower
To the bedroom dresser
Headbanging on the headboard
Yeah, I knelt her
And her body stupid banging
But her head something special

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]

I used to know her
I know I know her
She was such a good soldier, very loyal
Used to text me all the time, but I did ignore her
That's why she acting like she don't
But she know I know her
They call me Mr Badman
I'm a money thrower
I'm throwing bones, go for money like I'm Brodie Croyle
I got your girl with me, late night on that oil
I drive a new Ferrari
He drive a Ford Explorer

[Hook]

[Intro]
Thug World Bitch

[Hook]
I'm high, I'm high, I'm high right now
We the plug, I don't need a plug
We is the plug, we is the plug, we is the plug, we is the plug
We ain't

[Verse 1]
My crew the number one ballers baby
My crew the number one ballers baby
Been gettin' numbers forgettin' to call 'em baby
I might fuck her, in two days I'mma give them all a baby
We ride like Marta baby
I'mma motherfuckin' Martian baby
You a motherfuckin' walker baby
If you ever, ever play they gone be choppin' you baby
Shit, I'm up in the 'io, uh
Or I'm up in your ho, uh, and someone toe ya dig?
Or I'm up in the Bentley and them tires skinny
And my ring worth twenty
Let go

[Hook]
I'm high, I'm high, I'm high right now
We the plug, I don't need a plug
We is the plug, we is the plug, we is the plug, we is the plug
We ain't

[Verse 2]
I say - I bet you can't do it like me, I bet you can't do it like me
I'm so high right now, I'm BEAD
I'm flyee, FLYEE
You're a thottie, THOTTIE
Hold up, freeze me, punk ass ho tryna tease me
Really wanna fuck my tattoos, tattoo man please leave me
My wrist is cold but the heat on me degrees me
The ho made Young Thug nut in two minutes, look easy me
Shit, either I need new Bally’s or my shoes was Clearance
Or I was drunk off your nanny
My tint means stay back
The 2012 Maybach, I just bought Maybach
Let go

[Hook]
I'm high, I'm high, I'm high right now
We the plug, I don't need a plug
We is the plug, we is the plug, we is the plug, we is the plug
We ain't

[Pre-Chorus]
It's too hard to begin
When you know it will end
And if you've got a friend
You better leave with him

[Chorus]
When everyone wants to dance, I can't stand up
I know that I need love
But I can't pretend, I can't pretend

[Verse 1]
One day the moon will set for the last time
Maybe we'll become part of a mountain
We've always learned these things
You know I'm not crying
But you know I'm not trying to care

It's too hard to begin
When you know it will end
And if you've got a friend
You better leave with him
When everyone wants to dance, I can't stand up
I know that I need love
But I can't pretend, I can't pretend
I can't pretend

[Verse 2]
Remember when you first touched my hand
We sparkled inside at the same time
And now it doesn't even matter

It's too hard to begin
When you know it will end
And if you've got a friend
You better leave with him

When everyone wants to dance, I can't stand up
I know that I need love
But I can't pretend, I can't pretend
I can't pretend

[Bridge 1]
Oooooooh

[Refrain]
I see us high, high on a mountain
I see us die, dying in a mountain

[Bridge 2]
It's too hard to begin
When you know it will end

I see us high, high on a mountain
I see us die, dying in a mountain

[Intro]

[Verse]
I never thought I'd wanna die
But I was looking for a gun
On a cold night then you found me

[Pre-Chorus]
God help me
Because I feel you drifting
You're drifting a little
And I'm scared

[Chorus]
And I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him

[Verse]
When you hold my hand
Your eyes are looking out the window
I'm afraid to ask

[Pre-Chorus]
So help me
Because I feel you drifting
You're drifting a little
And I'm scared

[Chorus]
And I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him
And I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him
I hope time
Doesn't change him

[Intro]

Yeah, Guwop
Young mob been with me, nigga
Turn up!
BMG, fuck nigga
It's Guwop
CEO
A nigga pill with him
And the money
Migos
Guwop, nigga

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I might wake up and count my money just to turn my swag up
Swag and OG bags of gas help me run my cash up
They tried to laugh at me, but Bugga help me get the last laugh
I got at your ranch styles, nigga, I got a tippy-tall stash
I can pause, replay a nigga in your motherfucking lip
But them niggas and them shitting and went through the hood, no good
What's a skrippa to a motherfucking million dollar nigga?
Big Guwop, hands off me, nigga, you know I'll go sneak in with this pistol
I'm just walking 'round the club leaving traces of blood
Drinking lean out the mug, got a four in my jug
Cold slugs in my mouth, nigga shout out to Thug
Ain't took a shower in three days, hundred keys in the tub

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Sixty Thousand dollars everytime my phone ring
Super-bad bitch, she just dropped off another fourteen
Quarter million dollars, spent that on that wine ring
In a ring full of lions, I'm the Lion King

Sixty Thousand dollars everytime my phone ring
Super-bad bitch, she just dropped off another fourteen
Quarter million dollars, spent that on that wine ring
In a ring full of lions, I'm the Lion King

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
And I boss you like a ring, Guwop got a ring to it
I feel like the king, put the hook on and Kareem through it
Fancy footwork on my queen, might do it like a king do it
In 95, I bought a regal man that was clean Buick
You ain't find another ho moving
Beat your featured mood, ho
Move your shoes, you know you ain't gonna do it do no
If a bunch of bees was trying to sting ya, I would through a rock at you
Big Guwop got stupid Guap and got more blocks than a brothel got
I don't put no trust in no ho, cause they run they mouth a lot
That's your big homie? Then why the fuck he wear a halter top
We go out and ball a lot, singers that the army got
She shop at Old Navy because her boyfriend tryna Save-a-Lot

[Hook]

[Hook]
Don't leave her round me too long
Don't leave her round me too long
I have my mind blown: too gone
If you leave her round me too long

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Stretching pain out on myself, last night I was whiling out
Took so much damn Ace of Spades, woke up on somebody's couch
Now I'm 'bout to throw a party. Who party right at the house?
Though I smoke at least half an ounce, so many blunts that I lost count
Now I'm wasted, loaded, bitch crazy, drunk, high, landed, rolling
Talking like a loco-motive, tell 'em four pounds' the quota
She hoping going blowing on pussy-ness that's so explosive
House white with steel, ho I'm not a man to show no emotion
I got pornographic pictures in my iPad
Oh that's your bitch? I fucked her, nigga. My bad!
So if you fuck my girl, we'll be even Steven
But the difference 'bout me  Imma keep it pimping

[Hook 2: Gucci Mane]
Don't leave her round me too long
Don't leave her round me too long
I have her smoking on that real strong
If you leave her round me too long

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Back in at the West end, I'm sipping on a Martini
Yellow Lamborghini, 'bout the same color as a zucchini
Last night was a movie, I woke up with three women
Got two chains,two bracelets, she riding me and she getting it
On the fly-ti got a high price, this a lavish life, but I live it
Take your shots right like it's fight night all night long and no twisting
They searched me when I came in, so I came in with three pistols
That jewelry on and my money long, but don't bother me cause I'm chilling
Got three hoes on solo, but trust me no tripping
Ain't acting like I ain't in there, I'm on the stage, I'm tipping
Talk cashier, don't gift it, get dope high, I'm lifted
Sip real lean, that codeine. Who got them prescriptions?

[Hook 2]

[Hook]

[Hook] (K. Camp)
Aye get fucked up drink a lil bit
Smoke a lil bit
Pop a lil bit
Aye get fucked up
Smoke a lil bit
Pop a lil bit
Aye get fucked up
We ain't do much, trying to have a good time
Got four bad bitches, man the pleasures all mine
Girls kissing girls best believe they all fine
Girls kissing girls best believe they all fine
Let's go
Let's go (x2)

[Verse 1] (T.I.)
Freaks in packs like Newport, true
3s, 4s, 5s, I do not love Lucy
The ho so hot, acting like she stupid
I sent her light dick, kid posse get to it
I told them all in the hallway listen
Pop some of this and you all gon' get it
You ain't fuck with a bitch, ain't my type
Let that hooker take your shine, snatch your flashlight (from me, ayy)
And that itty bitty Benz fit six friends
Drinking on Henn' out a big cup
Eye rolling like a fool to see you kick it in
New Edition, I'mma tear they ass up
Bend 'em over on the balcony
Eyes wide open looking back at me
Ok it's 6:37, everybody all turned
See your groupie bitch with me, best believe they all learned how to

[Hook]

[Verse 2] (Chris Brown)
Two bad bitches and they fucking with a nigga
Feeling on her booty dick harder than a missile
Ass in the circle let me feel it just a little
Don't be pulling on my belt cause then she holding up the pistol
She like to drink that tequila
Hennessey for all my niggas
You can't take none of my bitches
You fuck one you gon' meet my killers
Iced out roll it right when the light hit
No Janet Jackson don't fuck with no pennies
Bloody your t-shirt those bloods rolling with me
If you bust at me first I shoot up the city
Hundreds on top of hundreds on them titties
Nigga you ain't never seen money like this
Codeine I pour it up
Popping these pills got me throwing up

[Hook]

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Tyga]
It's been a long day without you, my friend
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
We've come a long way from where we began
Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again, when I see you again
Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh-oh
I'll see you again
Know I'm gon' see you again
Woo-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
I'll see you again
My friend, where it all began

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Uh, lookin' back now, know you hear me, wanna see me smile
Hold me down, keep me safe, when I'm down, not a sound
Ever since you was a child, always had your back 'til now
Should've kept the circle round, now it's like you're not around
Used to run it through the town, toughest little dudes around
Always thought you had a daughter, sure to teach her what they taught us
Had a son, he gettin' smarter, every day more like his father
Know this game and keep it solid, present faith, you know you got it (Know you got it)
Big things come back again but ain't the same
I tell myself, "Remain the same and keep it sane"
Know it's hard when your dog ain't there to bark with ya
Seems like yesterday we was all in pictures

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
It's been a long day without you, my friend
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
We've come a long way from where we began
Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again, when I see you again
Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh-oh
Woo-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
First, you both go out your way and the vibe is feelin' strong
And what's small, turned to a friendship, friendship turned to a bond
And that bond will never be broken, the love will never get lost
And when brotherhood come first, then the line will never be crossed
Established it on our own, when that line had to be drawn
And that line is what we reached, so remember me when I'm gone
How could we not talk about family, when family's all that we got?
Everythin' I went through, you were standin' there by my side and now you gon' be with me for the last ride

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
It's been a long day without you, my friend
And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again
We've come a long way from where we began
Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again, when I see you again
Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh-oh
Woo-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh-oh
Woo-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh

[Intro]
Oh, oh-oh-oh
Hey, hey, oh yeah, yeah
Oh-oh, yeah
Listen

[Verse 1]
I woke up this morning
And heard the TV saying something
About disaster in the world and
It made me wonder where I'm going
There's so much darkness in the world
But I see beauty left in you, girl
And what you give me let's me know that I'll be alright

[Chorus]
'Cause if your love was all I had, in this life
Well, that would be enough until the end of time
So rest your weary heart and relax your mind
'Cause I'm gonna love you, girl, until the end of time

[Refrain]
You've got me singing
Oh whoa, yeah
Oh whoa, yeah
Everybody sing
Oh whoa, yeah
Everybody singing
Oh whoa, yeah

[Verse 2]
Now if you're ever wondering
About the way I'm feeling
Well, baby girl, there ain't no question
Just to be around you is a blessing
Sick and tired of trying to save the world
I just want to spend my time with you, girl
And what you give me
Lets me know that we'll be alright

[Chorus]
'Cause if your love was all I had (All I had), in this life
(Don't you know that) that would be enough until the end of time?
(Oh, whoa)
Rest your weary heart (Rest your heart) and relax your mind (Relax your mind 'cause)
'Cause I'm gonna love you, girl, until the end of time

[Refrain]
Girl, you got me singing
Oh, oh oh, oh oh oh, whoa, yeah
Oh, oh oh, oh oh oh, whoa, yeah
Everybody sing
Oh, oh oh, oh oh oh, whoa, yeah
Everybody singing
Oh, oh oh, oh oh oh, whoa, yeah

[Bridge]
This one's for the lovers
If you're out there, let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
This one's for the lovers
If you're out there, let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
This one's for the lovers
If you're out there, let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
This one's for the lovers
If you're out there, let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Break it down one time

[Refrain]
Oh, oh oh, oh oh oh, whoa, yeah
Oh, oh oh, whoa
Oh, oh, whoa, whoa, yeah
Oh, oh oh, whoa

[Outro]
'Cause if your love was all I had, in this life
That would be enough until the end of time

[Intro]
From up above the cloud to under the bridge
I'll always have a best friend in the city I live

[Verse 1]
Sometimes I feel I don't have a partner
Sometimes I feel like my only friend
Is this city I live in, this big rotten apple
As lonely as I am together we cry

[Verse 2]
I drive on her streets 'cause she's my companion
I walk through her hills 'cause she knows who I am
She sees my good deeds and she kisses me windy
Now I never worry, now that is a lie

[Chorus]
I don't ever wanna feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way
I don't ever wanna feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way

[Verse 3]
It's hard to believe that there's nobody out there
It's hard to believe that I'm all alone
At least I have her love, this city she loves me
Lonely as I am together we cry

[Chorus]
I don't ever wanna feel
Like I did that day
Take me to the place I love
Take me all the way

[Bridge 1]
Oh no yeah, yeah
Oh no now yeah, yeah
Oh no now yeah, yeah

[Verse 4]
From the highest to high, to the lowest of low
From the hottest of hot, to the coldest of cold
From the day we pop out, to the day we grow old
From the four track tapes to over 10 million sold
From the poorest of poor, to the richest of rich
Already told ya ass before that simple living's a bitch, biatch
From up above the clouds to under the bridge
I'll always have a best friend in the city I live

[Bridge 2]
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, pa da pa pa
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, ha ha
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, pa da pa pa
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, ha ha
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, pa da pa pa
The bridge is over, the bridge is over, ha ha

[Outro]
The bridge is over, the bridge is over
Oh no yeah, yeah
Oh no now yeah, yeah
Oh no now yeah, yeah

[Intro]
They shut your party down, make you walk around
Let me feel all you bobbin' and you troubles gets...
(Go, go, go, go)
They shut your party down, make you walk around
Let me feel all you bobbin' and you troubles gets...
(Go, go, go, go)
They shut your party down, make you walk around
Let me feel all you bobbin' and you troubles gets...
Move
Everybody get ready to move
(Go, go, go, go)
Oh yeah
Everybody, everybody
Come on
Listen

[Verse 1]
We know what y'all be thinkin', nude is the brand new yawn
Everybody's just drinkin', inhibitions just gone

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't need to be rude, you don't need to be wild
Whatever you do, no compromise and done with style

[Chorus]
The gold standard, crazy amazing, upper echelon groove
The gold standard, crazy amazing, turn it up, let your body move

[Post-Chorus]
You
I'm talkin', I'm talkin' to you
Got to, got to let your body move

[Verse 2]
We know what y'all be feelin', there use to be a time
(Be a time)
Music was like a spiritual healing, the body, the soul, and mind
(Some medicine)

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't need to be rude, you don't need to be wild
If what you play take your troubles away and make somebody smile

[Chorus]
The gold standard, crazy amazing, upper echelon groove
The gold standard, crazy amazing, turn it up,  let your body move

[Post-Chorus]
You
I'm talkin', I'm talkin' to you
Oh yeah

[Verse 3]
They shut your party down
Make you walk around
Let me see you all bobbin' and your troubles get sold
Twenty-four carrot hashtag, put your phone in your bag
Ain't nobody got to tell you put your hands in the air, say "Ow!"
When the beat's too much, you need to drop that cup
One left and right hands up, everybody just...
Everybody just...
Swing your hip to the left and right
If you know about the "Bus Stop," there's a tight hook
Now everybody just shake
Shake
New power slide
New power slide
Ha, ha, ha
Here come the chorus y'all

[Chorus]
The gold standard, crazy amazing, upper echelon groove
The gold standard, crazy amazing, turn it up, let your body move

[Breakdown]
Turn it up, let me see that body move
Let me see your body move
Turn it up, let me see that body move
Let me see your body move
Turn it up, let me see that body move
Body, body move
Turn it up, let me see that body move

Turn it up, let me see that body move
Turn it up, let me see that body move
(Let me)
Turn it up, let me see that body move
(Let me see yor body, babe)
Turn it up, let me see that body move
That body move
(So amazing)
Gon' see that, that body move
(Baby, you're amazing)
That body move
(The gold standard)
Gon' see that, that body move
(Oh baby)

[Outro]
Hey baby
Oh yeah? Really?
No, that's cool
Bring it here
All the way here, come on
Let me get in there
Good God, mmm
Keep it there
This is exciting, it's different

[Intro]
You ready?
Nah, you ain't ready
I mean ready for us
You know you want me like a new pair of shoes

[Chorus]
This could be us
But you be playin'
This could be us
But you keep on foolin' around
You're the cage to my dove
I'm just saying
Forever and ever in love
Oh baby yeah, this could be us
You know you want me like a new pair of shoes

[Refrain]
This could be us
This could be us

[Verse 1]
You, you say you ain't ready
Ready to go steady
Ain't ready for 'us' (no)
'Cause what I got make you weak in in the knees
Take your energy
Make you sleep for a week
Sex with me ain't enough
That's why we gotta do it metaphysically

[Refrain]
This could be us
This could be us
This could be us
This could be us

[Verse 2]
I, I know you're loving your freedom
'Cause yo freedom (freedom) is payin' yo bills
Yes it is
Boyfriends, you think you don't need 'em
But in the middle of the cold, cold night
I think you will
Sho' you right

[Chorus]
This could be us (yes!)
But u b playin' (oh yeah)
This could be us (you sho' nuff could be)
But you keep on foolin' around

[Verse 3]
We, we come up on a crossroad
And we got to decide (decide)
Which way to turn
Which way to turn
Are we gonna go (Are we gonna go)
Go (Are we gonna)
Over the bridge, over the bridge (over the bridge)
Before, before it burns
Don't you let it burn, let it burn, baby

[Refrain]
This could be us
This could be us
Oh yeah
This could be us
Oh you gotta stop playing, baby

[Bridge]
Everybody knows, everybody knows
That a woman needs L-O-V-E love
Like a river flow, like a river flow (inside)
If its good that's all she thinking of
(Metaphysical cookie licking cream)
Sleep alone if you wanna
(nothing mystical, let me lick the kitty clean)
But like a new pair of shoes
(after that) You gonna wanna show me off to your friends
(You can put me on my back)
(Look for candy in my purple psychedelic pimp sack)
When I-- ooooohhh
This right here, this could be us

[Refrain]
This could be us
This could be us
Oh yeah
This could be us
Oh you gotta stop playing' baby
This right here, this could be us
This could be

[Chorus]
This could be us (oh yeah)
But you be playing (yes you do now)
This could be us (honey,honey, honey)
But you keep on foolin' around
See that you're the cage to me dove
I'm just saying (I'm just saying)
Forever and ever in love
Ooh baby yeah, this could be us

[Refrain]
This could be us
This could be us
This could be
This could be us, us
This could be us
This could be us

[Outro]
Can't you see it baby
You're the cage to my dove
Only one I been dreaming of
Forever and ever in love
Ohh baby yeah
This could, this could be, this could be us
But you don't
Have
Time
For
Me
No
More

[Verse 1: Prince]
Been a couple hundred hours since he got your call
You used to treat me like David, but now I feel like Saul
Been making it rain all around the world
What difference does it make when the boy ain't got his girl?

[Chorus: Prince]
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe

[Verse 2: Andy Allo]
Your name's not David and it sure ain't Saul
Maybe you have no business writing on my wall
Springtime on the Philistines before the middle of the fall
(Middle of the fall)
Silly rabbit needs to stop doin' tricks if you wanna get my call
(If you wanna get my call)

[Chorus: Andy Allo & Prince]
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe

[Verse 2: Prince & Andy Allo]
Everybody goes up and down in a lifetime love affair
Makin' up, just to break it up
And pullin' each other's hair
What I wouldn't give to have you right here next to me
Show you what I really feel about you
We'll kiss and you will see

[Chorus: Prince & Andy Allo]
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe

[Berse 3: Andy Allo]
The art of seduction
You and me is the right equation
And all you need to reach my lovin'
Is "Pi R Squared" and a muffin
I can't wait to be your baby
Baby, here I am
Just take me

[Chorus: Prince & Andy Allo]
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like, babe
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like
This is what it feels like, babe
Don't you understand me, baby?
There'll never be no one else but you
Can't you understand me, baby?
There'll never be no other one but you
I loved you then and I love you now, baby
And no one else will ever do

Every time the sun goes down, baby
My love, my love comes down for you
Every time it rain, baby
My love it comes down for you
There ain't no other woman, baby
That can understand me the way you do

If you would only listen to me, baby
We would still be together today
If you would only, only listen to me, baby
We would still be together today
But instead of listening to me
You listen to everything other people have to say
Baby, please come home
There's nobody in your place
Aye baby, please come home
There's nobody in your place
Home is no home to me, baby
Without looking in your smiling face

Oh, I love you so much, baby
My love for you will never die
I love you, I love you, I love you so much, baby
My love for you will never die
And when it began raining, baby
My love is down like a (incomprehensible)
What burns and glows without flame?
What lives and grows without rain?
What brings a smile that lasts for a little while
That makes me cry without shame?

How can you please me then torture
And tease me and do it in the name of love?

Don't you know how to be nice?
You'd leave me without thinking twice
Your wall has an oven when you want a little lovin'
And you go from fire to ice

How can you please me then torture
And tease me and do it in the name of love?

I'm comin', I'm a goin', is it rainin' or snowin'?
I got no way of knowin' your mind

You make me rise and fall
You make me stumble and crawl
So baby, get with it, you might as well admit it
Don't love your daddy at all
'Cause how can you please me then torture
And tease me and do it in the name of love?

You make me rise and fall
You make me stumble and crawl
So baby, get with it, you might as well admit it
Don't love your daddy at all

'Cause how can you please me then torture
And tease me and do it in the name of love?
Do it in the name of love, do it in the name of love
Colby:
(Shit!)
Ah, RedOne
Konvict
Gaga, oh-oh, eh

Gaga:
I've had a little bit too much, much (Oh oh oh-oh)
All of the people start to rush (Start to rush by)
How does he twist the dance, can't find my drink, oh man
Where are my keys? I lost my phone, phone (Oh oh oh-oh)

What's goin' on on the floor?
I love this record, baby, but I can't see straight anymore (Whoo!)
Keep it cool, what's the name of this club?
I can't remember but it's alright, a-alright

Just dance, gonna be okay, da dat doo-doo-mmm
Just dance, spin that record, babe, da dat doo-doo-mmm
Just dance, gonna be okay, duh duh duh
Dance, dance, dance, just, j-j-just dance
Wish I could shut my Playboy mouth (Oh oh oh-oh)
How'd I turn my shirt inside out? (Inside outright)
Control your poison babe, roses have thorns they say
And we're all getting hosed tonight (Oh oh oh-oh)

What's goin' on on the floor?
I love this record, baby, but I can't see straight anymore
Keep it cool, what's the name of this club?
I can't remember but it's alright, a-alright (Whoo!)

Just dance, gonna be okay, da dat doo-doo-mmm
Just dance, spin that record babe, da dat doo-doo-mmm
Just dance, gonna be okay, duh duh duh
Dance, dance, dance just, j-j-just

Colby:
When I come through on the dance floor checkin' out that catalog (Hey)
Can't believe my eyes, so many women without a flaw (Hey)
And I ain't gonna give it up, steady trying to pick it up like a call (Hey)
I'ma hit it, imma hit it and latch onto it until tomorrow, yeah

Shawty, I can see that you got so much energy
The way you're twirlin' up them hips 'round and 'round
And now there's no reason at all why you can't leave here with me
In the meantime, stay and let me watch you break it down and
Gaga:
Dance, gonna be okay (Oh-oh) da dat doo-doo-mmm
(Oo yeah) Just dance, spin that record, babe, da dat doo-doo-mmm
(Oo yeah) Just dance, gonna be okay, da dat doo-doo-mmm
(Oo yeah) Just dance, spin that record, babe, da dat doo-doo-mmm
(Oh-oh-oh) Just dance, gonna be okay, duh duh duh (Gonna be okay, yeah)
Dance, dance, dance, just, j-j-just dance (Oh-oh)

Amazing. Music
Whoo! Let's go!

Half psychotic, sick hypnotic
Got my blueprint, it's symphonic
Half psychotic, sick hypnotic
Got my blueprint electronic

Half psychotic, sick hypnotic
Got my blueprint, it's symphonic
Half psychotic, sick hypnotic
Got my blueprint electronic

Go! Use your muscle, carve it out, work it, hustle
I got it, just stay close enough to get it on
Don't slow! Drive it, clean it, lights out, bleed it
Spend the lasto (I got it) in your pocko (I got it)
Just dance, gonna be okay, da dat doo-doo-mmm
Just dance, spin that record, babe, da dat doo-doo-mmm

Just dance, gonna be okay, da dat doo-doo-mmm (Baby)
Just dance, spin that record, babe, dat da doo-doo-mmm (Baby yeah)
Just dance, gonna be okay, duh duh duh (Spin that record, baby, yeah)
Dance, dance, dance just, j-j-just dance
I want you to stop right there, baby
Baby, and try to understand
Hey, I might have been your fool for a while, baby
But I know I'm a good loving man
And you shouldn't lie to me, baby
Makes me mad as a man can be

I know when you got home last night
Your kissing me was your plan
I know you were just faking me, baby
'Cause you'd been out with your other man
And you shouldn't lie to me, baby
Makes me mad as a man can be

Hey, I can't quit you, baby
'Cause you're honey but the bees don't know
There's one thing I got to tell you, little girl
Just one thing before I go
That is you shouldn't lie to me, baby
Makes me mad as a man can be
Once upon a time
A girl with moonlight in her eyes
Put her hand in mine
And said she loved me so
But that was once upon a time
Very long ago

Once upon a hill
We sat beneath a willow tree
Counting all the stars and waiting for the dawn
But that was once upon a time
Now the tree is gone

How the breeze ruffled through her hair
How we always laughed as though tomorrow wasn't there
We were young and didn't have a care
Where did it go

Once upon a time
The world was sweeter than we knew
Everything was ours
How happy we were then
But somehow once upon a time
Never comes again
Once upon a time
Never comes again
I, I love the colorful clothes she wears
And the way the sunlight plays upon her hair
I, I hear the sound of a gentle word (Huah!)
On the wind that lifts her (Yeah!) perfume in the air, all right (Hey!)

I'm pickin' up good vibrations
She's givin' me the excitations
(Ooh, bop bop, good vibrations) I'm pickin' up good vibrations
(Bop bop, exci) She's givin' me the excitations
Good, good, good, good vibrations
Good, good, good, good vibrations

Close my eyes, she's somehow closer now
Softly smile I know she must be kind
When I look in her eyes
She goes with me to a blossom world

I'm pickin' up good vibrations
She's givin' me the excitations
(Ooh, bop bop, good vibrations) I'm pickin' up good vibrations
(Bop bop, exci) She's givin' me the excitations
Good, good, good, good vibrations
Good, good, good, good vibrations
'Tation
Aaaah
Ooh, my, my, what an
I don't know where but she sends me there
Oh, my, my
Whata sensation (Oh, my, my, what an elation)
Oh, my, my, what an elation

Different tempo, ha, ha, ha
Dearly beloved we're all gathered here now

Gotta keep those lovin' good
Vibrations a-happening with you
Gotta keep those lovin' good
Vibrations a-happening with you
Gotta keep those lovin' good
Vibrations a-happening with you

Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo
A-doo doo doodle doo doo
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo (heh)
A-doo doo doodle doo doo
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo
Hoo-ah, yeah

Good, good, good, good vibrations
Good, good, good, good vibrations
I'm pickin' up good vibrations
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
Na, na, (Ba buh ba buh ba ba) na, na, na, na, na, na
(Loo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo) Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
(Loo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo) Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na
{B-side of Glam Slam}
Snare drum pounds on the 2 and 4
All the party people get on the floor
All the party people get on the floor
Bass

Glam Slam (Glam Slam)
Escape!

Glam Slam
Free your mind from this rat race
Glam Slam
Escape!

15 minutes ain't long enough
To be out your mind in a world so tough
If you wanna escape and truly be
All the crack in Compton won't set you free
Come on

Glam Slam (Slammin')
Free your mind from this rat race
Glam Slam
Escape!
You got to be yourself, you gotta be aware
'Cuz the gangster - man, he don't give a care (Don't care)
Whether you live, or whether you die
Glam Slam Escape, gotta give it a try

Glam Slam
Free your mind from this rat race
Glam Slam (Slammin')
Escape!

(Party baby) (Party baby)
(Party baby) (Party baby)
(Party baby) (Party baby)
(Where did I hear that before?)
(Party baby) (Party baby)

Glam Slam
Escape!

Everybody trippin' on the party bass
However higher you get, is a matter of taste

(Party baby) (Party baby)

Winner takes all in the hardest race
Don't get on the scale if you ain't got the weight
It's more hard to love than it is to hate
Say
It's more hard to love than it is to hate
Come on
It's more hard to love than it is to hate
Yeah
It's more hard to love than it is to hate
One more
It's more hard to love than it is to hate

Escape!
Glam Slam

Glam Slam
Free your mind from this rat race
Glam Slam
Escape !
I have found a friend in Jesus, He's everything to me
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul
He's the Lily of the Valley, in Him alone I see
All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole

In sorrow He's my comfort, in trouble He's my stay
And He tells me every care on Him to roll
He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul

He will never, never leave me nor yet forsake me here
While I live by faith and do His blessed will
There's a wall of fire about me and I've nothing now to fear
With His manna He my hungry soul shall fill

And then sweeping up to glory to see His blessed face
Where rivers of delight shall ever roll
He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star
He's the fairest of ten thousand to my soul
Ain't no love (baby) like my baby's love
It's like burnin' fire, shut up in my bones
(I got to say it)
Ain't no lonely days
Ain't no lonely nights
Every thing that she does
You know the girl's alright

(I got to say it)
I ain't never, never found me a girl
(I wouldn't lie about it, baby)
Never, never found me a girl
(To squeeze me tight at night)
Never, never found me a girl
Nobody to love me like you do
(I ain't lying about it, baby)
Love me like you do

(Sweet baby)
Ain't no man got a sweet woman like me
She's everything in the world
One man could claim
She's every poor boy's dream
(Let me say that)
She's every very rich man's prayer
I don't need no money, honey
Because (you know) she's always there
Never, never found me a girl
(Somebody to keep me walking in my shoes)
Never, never found me a girl
(She always brings me good news)
Never, never found me a girl
To love me like you do
Love me like you do (baby)

Never, never found me a girl
(And here I stand with tears in my eyes)
Never, never found me a girl
(And I'm caught by total surprise)
Never, never found me a girl
To love me like you do
(Oh, sweet baby)
Love me like you do (baby)

You do
(I ain't never found a girl)
You do
(You squeeze me tight, love me right)
You do
(Got me walking in my shoes)
You do
(Make me feel good)
The shadow of your smile
When you have gone
Will color all my dreams
And light the dawn

Look into my eyes, my love, and see
All the lovely things, you are, to me

Our wistful little star

It was far, too high
A teardrop kissed your lips
And so, so did i

Now when I remember spring
And every little lovely thing
I will be remembering
The shadow of your smile
Your lovely smile
You better watch out
You better not cry
You better not pout
I'm telling you why:
Santa Claus is coming to town

He's making a list
He's checking it twice
He's gonna find out
Who's naughty or nice
Santa Claus is coming to town

He's sees you when you're sleeping
He knows if you're awake
He knows if you've been bad or good
So be good for goodness' sake

Oh, you better watch out
You better not cry
You better not pout
I'm telling you why:
Santa Claus is coming to town
He's sees you when you're sleeping
He knows when you're awake
He knows if you've been bad or good
So be good for goodness' sake

You better watch out
You better not cry
You better not pout
I'm telling you why:
Santa Claus, yes, Santa Claus
Santa Claus is coming to town

[Verse 1]
What you 'bout to hear, straight craziest
Higher level, nuclear MCin, I'm not paid for this
Because I'm made for this and hip hop history
None of my 19 albums have ever been miscellaneous
And I'm spontaneous
My radius goes out, the crowd falls out
Knowledge Reigns Supreme, I pour out
To my jaws now, yep, I bring the claws out
Knocked them 26 city tours out
I'm the truth, you can believe or doubt
But for those that believe in MCs like these
Higher degrees in sacred keys, believe, we knockin' them all out
Believe in yourself, stop deceivin' yourself
You listenin' that garbage all day, depletin' your health
And I ain't talkin' 'bout them youngings on the radio today
I'm talkin' 'bout them old folks that program what they say
They hated it, debated hip hop way back in the day
Now they wanna destroy it, they ain't love it anyway
But they put it on the radio, then blast it on your TV
Tellin' you, "It's the way to go, right here, buy our CD"
And even when you get the CD, it's always a letdown
Cause you don't know about them MCs that truly get down

[Hook] x4
Get your mind right, you don't have to deal with hindsight
If you operate in foresight

[Verse 2]
Now you throw it up
You want respect, you want that victory, cohoo
You want that cash, you wanna live it up
Now you in the street, you have the E, you have Malcolmee
You independant and you feel the heat
But you will not give up, so now your phone ring and you pick it up
And it's your boy Park about to stick it up
It's the economy, he explain as he talk 'bout robbery
Right then you ax: "Now what's inside of me?
Am I a robba', robba'? Am I a shocka', shocka'?
Am I a robba', robba', robba', i'ma, i'ma, i'ma
Am I a robba', robba'? Am I a shocka', shocka'?
Am I a robba', robba', i'ma, i'ma, i'ma, i'ma hang the phone up
Cause you know what? I see the future
It may look good now but jail ain't what I'm used to
The soul says give not take without giving
If that's the real you, then that's how you should start living
But we frontin', frontin'
Still huntin', huntin' for somethin', somethin'
But all this huntin', stuntin' droke cluckin' is leavin' at nothing
Start dustin', reach on the shelf and dust your soul off
You put it there, gettin' your goal off

[Hook] x2

[Produced by: Tyler, The Creator]

[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
Um, excuse me mister, but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga
I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special, the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego there so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime, brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search Of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man, I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder
Than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada but let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named my album "Cherry Bomb" because "Greatest Hits" sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules
She said that I must, I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk; "Who's in charge of this Golf shit?"
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant
And who I are isn't really important
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick."
It's young T

[Bridge]
I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
You better pose, boy you better pose
And it's your life nigga I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now your face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga you ask for this life

[Outro]
Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
And my fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
Part 1 - FUCKING YOUNG

[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
Day that I met you, girl
I knew that it was something special
But I couldn't put my finger on it (Fuck, I can't sing, whatever, look)
We met through mutual friends (Mutual friends)
And this is where the story and confusion began
'Cause I was at nirvana but I had to pretend that I wasn't

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
There go the policeman, knocking at my door
Do I leave out the back and grab my wallet and coat?
Or do I answer real confused like, "I don't know"? (I don't know)
Now me and she held hands and we danced, nothing more
She kissed my hand a couple times, FaceTime when we're bored
There's nobody at the door, man, I'm so paranoid
Fuck, 'cause

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Tyler, The Creator]
'Cause girl, you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (For me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
A six-year (Difference)
Is a ten year (Sentence)
And with the (Pigment) on my skin
I don't want to be another (Statistic)
You bring me (Joy, joy, joy, joy)
And you fill a void that was once missing
And (I can say I'm in love)

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
There go the policeman, knocking at my door
Do I leave out the back and grab my wallet and coat?
Or do I answer real confused like, "I don't know"? (I don't know)
Now me and she held hands and we danced, nothing more
She kissed my hand a couple times, FaceTime when we're bored
There's nobody at the door, man, I'm so paranoid
Fuck, 'cause

[Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Tyler, The Creator]
'Cause girl, you're perfect, but you're too fucking young (For me)
And when temptation calls my phone, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young
And this is more than a crush, I just might be in love

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
When you're 35, I'll be 41, and when I'm 27, you'll be 21
Yo, this is dumb, and when that time comes for that 1-8
I'll probably run, 'cause I'm fucking terrified
Yo this is dumb, you should find someone else
I'm not the one for you, shit, I'm still growing up by myself
And mentally you're older than me and that shit doesn't help
'Cause if they see you with T, they'll think T needs some help
So when you mention "hang," I'm thinking about a tree and a belt
And I don't want no relation, shit no relation
Ship when my dick is longer than my attention-
Span, it's gonna suck if shit, hits that kitchen fan
And splatter on me like my dick in my hand
What? I'm still fucking off, not good at ducking off
Because I found a goose that I like, but I'm still running off
She gon' want a nest, that's why I cannot get fucking caught
That's a scary word, you could save that shit for the birds, um
But I found my wings, fuck

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
(But you're too fucking young)
I really like you
I don't know what to do
(And when temptation calls, I never pick up
And girl, you stole my heart but you're too fucking young)
Funny thing about this is
By the time you hear this
It won't even matter
I'll be in the clear, haha
It's T and Uncle Charlie!
But you're too young
But you're too young
But you're too young

Part 2 - PERFECT

[Intro: Kali Uchis]
Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared
Boy I know, that we could be more
Than just friends, but you're scared (I know)

[Verse 1: Kali Uchis & Tyler, The Creator]
I know that there could be
Somethin' for you and me
What's your philosophy?
You're scared, scared
And I’ll exit and wait a while
Just say the word girl
Can't you see the answers are all there
But I'm just too blind to see
You and I are cut from different fabric
I wanna rock, I wanna rock with you girl
Don't be too material to see
But I'm just too blind to see
Somehow, this world is such a struggle just to be
Fuck 'em all baby, it's just you and me

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
But you're too fuckin' young
And girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin’ hurts
Fuck, 'cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me
And it hurts, it fuckin' hurts
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one
That you're the one, for me
'Cause you're too fuckin' young
And, girl, I know that you're the one for me, yeah

[Outro]
I rock (I rock)
I rock (I rock)
I rock (I rock)
Got my broadie London in this mothafucker man
I’m tell ya this beat, hard, this one hard as fuck, listen bro
And I got old hunnids, they wrinkled like a Shar Pei


And them boys from Atlanta, tote them K's yeah
And them boys from Atlanta got bananas like these monkey nigga

I’m doing numbers


I got bands in the bando
All my diamonds come in yellow like a Funion
Sticky fingers, no porcupine

[Verse 1:]
Too many storms have passed your way
And you're all washed out cause it rained on your parade
Seems nobody cares about you anyway
Now you're living your life like a castaway
Searched for strength inside was it all in vain
Cause the deeper you dig you find more and more pain
Don't let your tomorrow be like yesterday
Cause I spoke to God, I called out your name
And on your behalf, I just asked if He would be there for you
I want you to

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

[Verse 2:]
Enter a place where you never have to cry
Never have to live a lie, never have to wonder why
Never want for nothing you're always satisfied
In the peace that his arms will provide
He will erase any guilt or shame, any bad habits you've got
You won't wanna do em again, Yes we all can change, I can testify
See I spoke to God, I called out your name
And on your behalf, I just asked, If he would be there for you
I want you to

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

My prayer for you today, Is that you trust and always obey
On His name keep calling 

[choir]
On His name keep calling 

[solo]
He'll keep you from falling 

[choir]
He'll keep you from falling 

[solo]
He'll supply the answers 

[choir]
Yes He will, if you stand in faith and trust Him to make a way out of no way 

[solo]

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

Be blessed from the bottom of your feet to the crown of your head
Your life be blessed
Your family be blessed
Your finances be blessed
Everything about you

[Verse 1:]
Too many storms have passed your way
And you're all washed out cause it rained on your parade
Seems nobody cares about you anyway
Now you're living your life like a castaway
Searched for strength inside was it all in vain
Cause the deeper you dig you find more and more pain
Don't let your tomorrow be like yesterday
Cause I spoke to God, I called out your name
And on your behalf, I just asked if He would be there for you
I want you to

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

[Verse 2:]
Enter a place where you never have to cry
Never have to live a lie, never have to wonder why
Never want for nothing you're always satisfied
In the peace that his arms will provide
He will erase any guilt or shame, any bad habits you've got
You won't wanna do em again, Yes we all can change, I can testify
See I spoke to God, I called out your name
And on your behalf, I just asked, If he would be there for you
I want you to

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

My prayer for you today, Is that you trust and always obey
On His name keep calling 

[choir]
On His name keep calling 

[solo]
He'll keep you from falling 

[choir]
He'll keep you from falling 

[solo]
He'll supply the answers 

[choir]
Yes He will, if you stand in faith and trust Him to make a way out of no way 

[solo]

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

Be blessed from the bottom of your feet to the crown of your head
Your life be blessed
Your family be blessed
Your finances be blessed
Everything about you

[Verse 1:]
Too many storms have passed your way
And you're all washed out cause it rained on your parade
Seems nobody cares about you anyway
Now you're living your life like a castaway
Searched for strength inside was it all in vain
Cause the deeper you dig you find more and more pain
Don't let your tomorrow be like yesterday
Cause I spoke to God, I called out your name
And on your behalf, I just asked if He would be there for you
I want you to

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

[Verse 2:]
Enter a place where you never have to cry
Never have to live a lie, never have to wonder why
Never want for nothing you're always satisfied
In the peace that his arms will provide
He will erase any guilt or shame, any bad habits you've got
You won't wanna do em again, Yes we all can change, I can testify
See I spoke to God, I called out your name
And on your behalf, I just asked, If he would be there for you
I want you to

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

My prayer for you today, Is that you trust and always obey
On His name keep calling 

[choir]
On His name keep calling 

[solo]
He'll keep you from falling 

[choir]
He'll keep you from falling 

[solo]
He'll supply the answers 

[choir]
Yes He will, if you stand in faith and trust Him to make a way out of no way 

[solo]

[Chorus:]
Be Blessed, Don't live life in distress
Just let go, let God, He'll work it out for you
I pray that your soul will be blessed
Forever in his rest, Cause you deserve his best no less

Be blessed from the bottom of your feet to the crown of your head
Your life be blessed
Your family be blessed
Your finances be blessed
Everything about you

[Hook]
That new Rihanna in the front
Bitches in the back they don't like me though
Why? I can tell you 'bout stupid hoes
Why? I bet she don't act stupid though

[Verse 1]
Cuz I cut a bitch
I fuck a bitch, go and find another bitch
And I never trust a bitch
You done touched a nigga 30 times
On some baby mother shit
Talkin' bout you celibate
But you still suckin' dick
This that half a brick, quarter brick
Aye, come and place your order bitch
More of that gutter shit

[Hook]
New Rihanna in the front
Bitches in the back, she don't like me though
Why? I don't know, she might be broke
Why? I can tell you bout stupid hoes
Why? I bet she don't act stupid though

[Verse 2]
She know that I have sex with 'em
If you tryin' get lit then go ahead light it ho
What you bitches fightin' for?
Nah, I can't even that’s why you can't sit with us
You need to just sit your ass down
I heard you fucked that nigga well I fucked that nigga too
And they probably didn't tell you that’s what suckers niggas do
And if he had a chance with me he would have never fucked with you

[Hook 2]
Cause that New Rihanna in the front (Bitch)
Bitches in the back, they don't like me though
Why? Side piece 'bout to let wifey know
Why? Thirsty hoes is tryin' get chose
Why? I bet she don't act stupid though

[Bridge]
Cut that bitch in the bathroom
Cut that bitch in the bathroom
I cut that bitch in the bathroom
I cut that bitch in the bathroom
I bet you need to quit playin', quit playin' with me bro

[Outro]
Got a nigga fucked up up in here
You know I'm sayin?
A bitch say she don't like me, you ask her why, she go
“I don't know,” just like some shit stupid bitches say
KnowImsayin?
(Look, I can't even deal with this shit right now. This bitch is crazy, she must have lost her fucking mind. I'm tired of going back and forth with this ho. What the fuck? I can't even deal. Who the fuck does this bitch think she is?)

[Intro: Theophilus London & Kanye West]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
All day, nigga
Dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy
All day, nigga

[Hook 1: Kanye West]
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many...do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish...they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south side! All day, nigga

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Kendrick Lamar]
This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
Talkin' big face, nigga
Put yo' ass back of pocket like a switch blade, nigga, uh
I ain't tryna play, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
All day, nigga
'Ye in the building like a hallway, nigga
Still got the hundred with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
Might...naturally all day, nigga
If...have Allstate with you, uh
You a Rico Suave nigga
Ride 'round listen to Sade, nigga
Ride 'round something and it's all day, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got a ass, but my broad way thicker
...then booked it like the Barclays Center, uh

[Interlude: sample & (Kanye West)]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
(All day, nigga)

[Refrain: Allan Kingdom]
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed
I took a young sweet breath, and I reached into my Earth
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
All day hoe, my neck look sweeter than parfait hoe
Rap Derek Jeter in a red two-seater
I can throw this dick from far away hoe (swish it, swish it)
Ask me how long do it take to be the greatest
I'm a bar away hoe (swish it, swish it)
Damn Kanye never will it be safe
Bitch I already know (swish it, swish it)
24/7 365 days everybody gettin' paid
Nigga lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJ's
Chitown, PJ all of BJ
Chitown, we play for the freebase
These days, don't believe what police say
DJ's and the B-boys run shit
Only way I can sum it up, sumbitch

[Interlude: Theophilus London & sample]
Nothing bout you
Nothing bout you
I wanna tell you
So won't you dance, ayy, ayy ayy ayy

[Outro: Paul McCartney]
Little darling, let me run (let me run)
Until I find myself
In the morning sun
Give me freedom (give me freedom)
Give me space
I want to find myself
In that special place
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
Whooooa, whooooa
M.I.A.: I wanted to ask you about the progression of your work these days. How are you finding it? Because New York is a really different place to make art compared to what it used to be.

KEHINDE WILEY: I came here almost 10 years ago now. It was my first experience of making a life for myself outside of school, and my career kind of snowballed at once. So there's really not much in the way of an alternative experience for me to contrast it with. These days I'm spending quite a bit of time on the road, which finally has allowed me to get some perspective. I'm starting a new project where I open up studios in different nations and do street casting. I just got back from Brazil and Nigeria and Senegal. Actually, tomorrow I'm leaving for New Delhi.M: Does leaving New York change your art?

KW: That type of process becomes the work in many ways-physically removing yourself from what your work was based on before. By and large what I'd been doing was mining the streets of African America, using a sort of urban vernacular. That changes radically when you remove yourself physically, especially around the world.


M: Manhattan seems pretty developed, you know what I mean? Like it has peaked in culture. The Village Voice called it McHattan. It's just become impossible for young, creative artists to live in New York.

KW: Where do you find it most fruitful to work?

M: I think traveling really helps. I know some musicians who have studios in Trinidad. There's a collective of artists and painters there now who went to Central Saint Martins College 

[in London] with me. They live there and make art. It's neat to see that-

[people] not led by money or pretentiousness. It's a small community, but you really have the space to observe and digest the culture. You go to a place where social commentary is rare and important and you can serve people. That's what's inspiring to me-finding someplace where people haven't already seen themselves in a certain light.

KW: Yeah, I know.

M: You create that light, you create that visual or image.
In America, everything has been done. We've had everything. And now we're rerunning what's already been done.

KW: Right, recycling. The recycled object.

M: Exactly! I performed at a show at the MoMA. There was this big dinner there, and I was seated in this hall with the mayor of New York and all these extremely wealthy art-
supporting and art-buying people. There was a piece of work hanging in the hall-it was a fan. This fan was supposed to swing by the momentum of its own propeller. So, while we were having dinner, the fan was stopped, and the guy next to me, a curator at P.S.1, said, "Look, this is what art symbolizes today." Like, that piece of art is supposed to be moving, but just to have dinner we've stopped the art. That's what New York is like today. You can't have real art happen in an institution because rich people can make the world stop. The stuff on the street is a lot more interesting.
NEW YORK, THERE IS ALMOST A FEELING OF ENTITLEMENT BY THE PUBLIC—THIS VERY PALPABLE LACK OF SURPRISE AT BEING STOPPED IN THE STREET AND BEING ASKED TO BE THE SUBJECT OF A 12-FOOT MONUMENTAL PAINTING.
—KEHINDE WILEY

KW: I think so, too. There's a freshness. I remember being in West Africa and thinking about my father's country-he's from Nigeria-and I was there, opening up a studio, doing a lot of street casting, stopping people, and there was this film crew with me because we were doing a documentary on my process, and I was contrasting the experience I had there with the experience I had doing the exact same street casting in places like the Fulton Street Mall, in Brooklyn. And it's amazing how, in New York, there is almost a feeling of entitlement by the public-this very palpable lack of surprise at being stopped in the street and being asked to be the subject of a 12-foot monumental painting. I think part of that is mediated by a very televisual sense of instant celebrity, something that's sort of "just add water"-an age where reality television mediates the way that we see new faces entering our lives. Whereas when I was in Nigeria, in places like Lagos and Calabar, there was a very ineffable exchange where these guys were really curious but also so far removed from this artificial environment that I was creating. It gave something new to the work. In some ways, there is a look in the paintings that seems a bit more fragile.

M: It's like cinema, when you put someone onscreen who's never been on before. You show it to them and say, "This is you. This is what you look like on a 60-by-60-foot screen." It's a different understanding of art. Take India: Even though it's got a major movie industry, when it comes to contemporary art, artists on the streets don't see themselves as artists-it's like a skilled job. When they're painting a car and they decorate it with all this crazy stuff, I think, "Wow, this is amazing! It's something I would hang on my wall." But they're always really shocked when I go up to them and ask them to do something for me. Do you think that's what you're going for, looking for ideas outside of the disposable "just add water" kind of thing?

KW: My desire is to restart the conversation. It's akin to this idea that most 18-year-olds who are going to be voting for the first time this year in the American elections were 10 and 11 years old during the 9/11 attacks-this idea that we're all kind of collectively correcting and rebooting, this desire to throw away the old rules. This is something that, as artists, we constantly deal with-throwing away the past, slaying the father, and creating the new.

M: Yeah, change. You know, what really drives me mad about art is that, in America, the only thing you can do is to take it apart. As artists, that's the best commentary you can do because there's just so much vacuous content. For example, yesterday I stayed in bed for 24 hours and watched TV. I do that, like, every six months, where I just don't answer phone calls and the only thing I do is watch television. And it's insane! I couldn't tell the difference between the news and an advert. It's all Fox News, 30-second sound bites, and there was nothing I got from it at all. Where the fuck are all the Michael Moores in our culture? Where are the cool Democrats? Where are cool people on television? Where has cleverness gone?
KW: The trouble is that the traditional targets have been so co-opted. It's hard to know where to cast your aim. So much of what changed American society in the '60s had to do with a very strong set of targets-what we can physically do with ourselves and our bodies. Now it's much more subtle. It's almost debilitating in a way because we can't organize either, artistically or politically or socially, against any specific thing, because it's more like an essence, an ether that floats in the air, poisoning our ability to really have an authentic moment.

M: That's what I miss, being a real human. Like, I'm just so grateful for the 10 years that I had in Sri Lanka when it was in the middle of a war and I was getting shot at, because now and again I remember glimpses of those times and I just go, "Wow, I'll never, ever see that again in my life. And I'm never gonna feel that, and I'm never gonna feel for a human being like that."

KW: When was the last time you were back in Sri Lanka?

M: Just before September 11th happened. After that it was insane to even try to go back, with all the new restrictions. When I was there I was already having a machine gun held to my head every five seconds, and every 50 yards I'd have to show my ID. I wasn't a singer at the time-I was just a random girl, an artist. I was making films, and I had just graduated from Saint Martins in London. I thought I was invincible. Like, I'm getting harassed and I have a British passport. I have a letter from the Ministry of Defence! What if I were just a random Tamil girl from the village. I could be dead! It was the weirdest experience. I couldn't even make a movie because you can't make one without having it okayed by the Sri Lankan embassy. So you can only have a one-sided story. Do you think art in America is like all other industries? That there are certain parameters you can't go past?

KW: Certainly. I think I've come through the art-industrial complex-I've been educated in some of the best institutions and been privy to some of the insider conversations around theory and the evolution of art. But that doesn't necessarily get spoken about outside of a very small group. When you operate outside those rules, you are changing the vernacular. I think that's partly the success of my work-the ability to straddle both of those worlds, the ability to have a young black girl walk into the Brooklyn Museum and see paintings she recognizes not because of their art or historical influence but because of their inflection, in terms of colors, their specificity and presence.

THAT’S PARTLY THE SUCCESS OF MY WORK—THE ABILITY TO HAVE A YOUNG BLACK GIRL WALK INTO THE BROOKLYN MUSEUM AND SEE PAINTINGS SHE RECOGNIZES NOT BECAUSE OF THEIR ART OR HISTORICAL INFLUENCE BUT BECAUSE OF THEIR INFLECTION.
—KEHINDE WILEY

M: Yeah, that's how I felt about your work the first time I saw it. It felt establishment, but it was also breaking it a little bit and twisting it. Do you feel a responsibility to teach something in your work?

KW: That's a question I have always grappled with. Is that even my job? Is that gonna slow you down?
M: In the beginning I definitely felt a responsib