ell y'all what I'm about though
High ends, high spendin'
We just tryin' to end life on a high note, Soprano
And I was supposed to be on for a minute
Man I've been writin' songs for a minute
And you can ask Kanye, you can ask G-Ro, you can ask Don C
Hip-hop where the hell you find a nigga like me
Snotty nose lil' nigga, used to tear up ice cream
Now I'm wearin' Ice Cream with a chain on my shirt
Call that bitch an Ice-T
So tell me what it takes to go from sittin' on porches
To sittin' in Porsches, take in less fortunate
And turn it into a fortune
And make my mama proud that she didn't get that abortion

[Refrain]

[Outro x5]
I'm gone make a million, just wait 'till tomorrow, I'm gon' make a million
Do it again, we gone do it again, do it again

[Intro: 50 Cent, Eminem, Green Lantern]
Yeah
Shady (Ha-ha)
50 Cent
G-G-G-G-G-Unit (Ha-ha)
Here we go again
Yeah
The evil genius, Green Lantern

[Bridge: 50 Cent]
Does it make you mad when I switch my flow?
You can't understand how I get my dough
50 Cent, I'm on fire 'cause Shady said so
I'm on fire

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Everybody's in a rush to try to get the throne
I just get on the track and try to set the tone
I ain't tryin' to use nobody as a steppin' stone
But don't compare me, I'm better off just left alone
And I ain't even tryin' to go there with record sales
I'm just tryin' to keep it humble and respect myself
Say, "What up?", keep steppin', and just rep D12
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail
And livin' reckless, but if you go check my belt
You may see something else I use to protect myself
A vest, to stop a Rueger and deflect the shells
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrel
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line
But this motherfucker Ja must have lost his mind
That X, got him thinkin' he was DMX
Then he switched to Pac, now he's tryna be him next
So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael?
Just keep singin' the same song, recycled
We'd all much rather get along than fight you
Me and Hailie dance to your songs, we like you
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth
Come on now, you know the white boy'll bite you
I'll hurt your pride, dawg, and you know I don't like to
But I will if I have to, with syllable after
Syllable I just slap you, killin' you faster
Than you poppin' pill after little pill of them tabs
Of that shit you on, but if you want it, you got it
You'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta (Green Lantern!)
We bump heads with any motherfucker that wants to
So what's the deal, where was all the tough talk?
When I walked up to you like, "Ja, what up, dawg?"
How come you didn't say you had a problem then?
When you was standin' there with all your men, we coulda solved this then
I'm a grown man, dawg, come holla
All you did was slap hands, smile and swallow
Another one of them little X pills in front of me
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be
Come on!

[Chorus: 50 Cent and Tony Yayo]
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me (You know you don't want it with me)
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me (You know you don't want it with me)
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
Tony!

[Verse 2: Tony Yayo]
You couldn't son me if my father helped you
My punchlines is hot, my bars will melt you
Ja, you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you
Every other week I'm buyin' a new pistol
I clap at your ass with this chrome .38
And put six thru your hats, a seven and 3/8's
Irv, you ain't Suge Knight, you shook night
I'll put my knife in your wind pipe and breeze through the turnpike
You know and I know who took your chain
You got robbed two times so your ass is lame
I'm down to die for this shit, all I need is bail
You better stick to the movies with Steven Segal, bitch

[Chorus: 50 Cent and Tony Yayo]
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
Lloyd Banks!

[Verse 3: Lloyd Banks]
Fuck that, I'm miles away
And these industry niggas startin' to get outta hand
Like I won't find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out your man
We killin' New York, even in Compton they understand
I'm on the block where you was raised blowin' chocolate up out your van and (Break it, break it, break it down!)
They see me pop a boy icy 'cause I could
You been gone so long you probably forgot your way around the hood (Hood)
'Cause when you paranoid it's hard to make a song
How you want it with us if half of your artists got make-up on?
Every magazine I open you on your knees takin' prayer pictures
And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches
You don't know nothin' 'bout what pain is, sucka
I'll put your ass underground like a train conductor, muh'fucker

[Chorus: 50 Cent and Tony Yayo]
I know you don't want it with me (You know you don't want it with me)
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me (Wanna bump heads with me)
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You talk and soon you gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me (Wanna bump heads with me)

[Outro: Tony Yayo]
Yeah, nigga
Yeah, Shady Aftermath
G-Unit
Fuck you think they call us G-Unit for?
'Cause we move units, huh-uh
Don't think we ain't billin' you for this motherfuckin' studio time
Matter of fact, keep it on 50, we'll call it even, ha

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah

[Chorus: Babyface & Lil Wayne]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying) (Woo)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying)
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love (That's all I ask, baby)
For granted, 'cause, granted
My love for you is real (Ohh) (Yeah)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will (Somebody else)
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable (Yeah)
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, to the left, to the left
If you wanna leave, be my guest, you can step
Feeling irreplaceable, listening to Beyoncé
Well, okay, I put you out on your b-day
Hey, now if you rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe
I got game like EA
But I wanna let you play
And don't I treat you like soufflé?
Don't I look at you like I see a new day?
And don't I do what I do say?
I'm through talking so I'ma let you 'Face
And let 'Ye do 'Ye

[Chorus: Babyface, Lil Wayne, & Both]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (saying)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (saying) (Yeah)
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, 'cause, granted (Yeah)
My love for you is real (Ohh)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will (Tryna tell her)
Baby girl, don't you ever get too comfortable
Yeah
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, let me catch my breath
Talking 'bout leaving and you ain't gone yet
And if you leave, leave correct
And I'mma send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave, you leaving the best
So you will have to settle for less
And I am no Elliott Ness
I don't handcuff, I don't arrest
I do confess to the murder scene
'Cause under them sheets, I am a mess
Yes, baby, you're blessed
Now just don't jump your nest, come on, yeah

[Chorus: Babyface, Lil Wayne, & Both]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (Saying) (Haha)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (Saying)
It's all good when we making love (We good)
All I ask is don't take our love
For granted, 'cause, granted
My love for you is real (Ohh)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, it's no sweat, no sweat
I would never 1-2-3-4-get about you
Your love, your sex
You know I work you out like Bowflex
Haha, all jokes, no stress
Love, live life, proceed, progress
Make sure the neighbors get no rest
We can get together, never disconnect
Yeah, your back, your neck
Funny how that song haven't got old yet—
To us, so let's project
You stay in, never incorrect—'Face!

[Chorus: Babyface, Lil Wayne, & Both]
I'm not saying this to shake you up (Saying) (Yeah)
I'm just saying this to wake you up (Saying) (I got one)
It's all good when we making love
All I ask is don't take our love (Yeah)
For granted, 'cause, granted (Hahaha)
My love for you is real (Ohh)
And if you don't love me
Somebody else will (Irreplaceable, huh?)
Baby girl, don't you (Yeah)
Ever (Ha) get too comfortable
Don't get too comfortable, ayy
(Comfortable, comfortable, comfortable)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Word to God, my mama gon' like this one
Yeah
Yo, I think everybody gonna like this one
Yeah, I got one
Thank you, Mr. West
Carter...
Trey
I'm out

[Intro]
Wait a minute, man, hey, check this out, man (Tell it)
It was this blind man, right? (This man) It was this blind man, right?
He was feelin' his way down the street with a stick, right? (Hey)
He walked past this fish market, you know what I'm sayin'?
(Fish market?) He stopped, he took a deep breath, he said
*sniffs* "Woo good morning ladies" (Hahahahaha)
You like that shit, man? Hey man, I've got a gang of that shit, man
Hey, I'll tell you what, we'll all have a good time
We'll fool on the drum, and hey
Hey if everybody crowd around the mic'
I'll tell you all these motherfuckin' jokes I got
First I'm gonna start off like that, hey help me sing it, homeboy

[Chorus]
Said Colt 45 and two Zig-Zags, baby, that's all we need
We can go to the park, after dark, smoke that tumbleweed
As the marijuana burn, we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech & Chong
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong
So roll, roll, roll my joint, pick out the seeds and stems
Feelin' high as hell, flyin' through Palmdale, skatin' on Dayton rims
So roll, roll, the '83 Cadillac Coupe DeVille
If my tapes and my CDs just don't sell, I bet my Caddy will

[Verse 1]
Well, it was just sundown in a small white town
They call it East Side Palmdale (Well)
When the Afroman walked through the white land
Houses went up for sale (Sale)
Well, I was standing on the corner sellin' rap CDs
When I met a little girl named Jan (Jan), I let her ride in my Caddy
'Cause I didn't know her daddy was the leader of the Ku Klux Klan
(Haha) We fucked on the bed, fucked on the floor (Woo)
Fucked so long I grew a fuckin' afro
Then I fucked to the left (Left), fucked to the right (Right)
She sucked my dick 'til the shit turned white (Haha)
Thought to myself, "Sheeba-sheeba", got my ass lookin' like a zebra
I put on my clothes and I was on my way
Until her daddy pulled up in a Chevrolet (Oh)
So I ran, I jumped out the back window
But her daddy, he was waitin' with a two-by-four
Oh (Haha), he beat me to the left, he beat me to the right
The motherfucker whooped my ass all night
But I ain't mad at her prejudiced dad
That's the best damn pussy I ever had (Haha)
Got a bag of weed and a bottle of wine (Woo)
I'm gonna fuck that bitch just one more time

[Chorus]
Colt 45 and two Zig-Zags, baby, that's all we need (Come on)
We can go to the park, after dark, smoke that tumbleweed
And as the marijuana burn, we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech & Chong
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong
So roll, roll, roll my joint, pick out the seeds and stems
Feelin' high as hell, flyin' through Palmdale, skatin' on Dayton rims
(Come on) So roll, roll, the '83 Cadillac Coupe DeVille
If my tapes and my CDs just don't sell, I bet my Caddy will (Uh)

[Verse 2]
I met this lady in Hollywood
She had green hair, but damn she looked good
I took her to my house because she was fine
But she whooped out a dick that was bigger than mine
I met this lady from Japan, never made love with an African
I fucked her once, I fucked her twice
I ate that pussy like shrimp-fried rice
Don't be amazed at the stories I tell ya (Tell ya)
I met a woman in the heart of Australia
Had a big butt and big titties too
So I hopped in her ass like a Kangaroo
See, I met this woman from Hawaii
Stuck it in her ass and she said "AIEE!"
Lips was breakfast, pussy was lunch
Then her titties busted open with Hawaiian Punch
I met Colonel Sanders' wife in the state of Kentucky
She said, "I'd fry some chicken if you'd just fuck me"
I came in her mouth, it was a crisis
I gave her my secret blend of Herbs 'n' Spices

[Chorus]
Colt 45 and two Zig-Zags, baby, that's all we need (Uh)
We can go to the park, after dark, smoke that tumbleweed (Uh)
And as the marijuana burn, we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech & Chong
(Ay, wait a minute man, check this out man, ayy ha)
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong

[Verse 3]
I met Dolly Parton in Tennessee
Her titties were filled with Hennessy
That country music really drove me crazy
But I rode that ass and said, "Yes, Miss Daisy"
Met this lady in Oklahoma, put that pussy in a coma
Met this lady in Michigan, I can't wait 'til I fuck that bitch again
Met a real black girl down in South Carolina
Fucked her until she turned into a white albino
Fucked this hooker in Iowa, I fucked her on credit, so I owe her
(Haha) Fucked this girl down in Georgia
Came in her mouth, man, I thought I told ya?
Met this beautiful sexy hoe
She just ran across the border of Mexico
Fine young thing said her name's Maria
I wrapped her up just like a hot tortilla
I wanna get married, but I can't afford it
I know I'ma cry when she get deported

[Chorus]
Colt 45 and two Zig-Zags, baby, that's all we need (Come on)
We can go to the park, after dark, smoke that tumbleweed (Uh)
And as the marijuana burn, we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech & Chong
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong
So roll, roll, roll my joint, pick out the seeds and stems
Feelin' high as hell, flyin' through Palmdale, skatin' on Dayton rims
(Come on) So roll, roll, the '83 Cadillac Coupe DeVille
If my tapes and my CDs just don't sell...

Extended version with a fourth and final verse:

[Verse 4]
Have you ever went over a girl's house to fuck
But the pussy just ain't no good? (Say what?)
I mean, you gettin' upset because you can't get her wet
Plus you in the wrong neighborhood
So you try to play it off and eat the pussy
But it take her so long to cum
Then a dude walk in, that's her big boyfriend
And he asks you, "Where you from?"
So you wipe your mouth and you try to explain
You start talking real fast
But he already mad 'cause you fucking his woman
So he start beating on yo' ass, now your clothes all muddy
Your nose all bloody, your dick was hard but now it's soft
You thought you had a girl to rock your world
Now you still gotta go jack off
Said Colt 45 and two Zig-Zags, baby, that's all we need
We can go to the park, after dark, smoke that tumbleweed

[Verse 1]
In the eye of the storm
Looking out through the rain
Gabriel, blow your horn
They shield me from tsunamis and the hurricane

[Hook]
Gangsta ride right in the nick of time
Soul is 'Delfonic' then they'll blow your mind
Bold ass soldiers marching off to war
No idea what we in for
Powerful magnificent and so divine
Soul is 'Delfonic' it'll blow your mind

[Verse 2]
Hear a thunderous voice
Shouting there will be no peace
Until our people rejoice
When every boy and girl is freed
You see it's going down
The wars and the mysteries
But my friends there'll be better days
And a better way
According to the prophecy

[Bridge]
It would be so nice
To hook up in paradise
By all means we must go
Or are you in the know
Like all the way up sunshine

You been a friend of mine

[Hook]

You been a friend of mine

[Bridge]

[Verse 1: King Chip]
Thank God I'm Fresh
Knock knock, Cudi, open up, it's Chip
Gotta kush pack shells and some Henney we could sip
Keep a couple dolla's on, give a penny to a bitch
But I'm wit a couple ho's who said they really wanna get
Acquainted with some niggas who ain't the average niggas
They just wanna see why all they girlfriends be wanting pictures
I be flyer then a hundred gnats, worth a hundred hundred-stacks
I ain't gonna stop shoppin' till I hit a hundred sacks
Polo that's a given I ain't even gotta mention
Candy old-school put you niggas in detention
Slabbed niggas deeped-up tool in the clothes
I'm just a young fresh fly fool with some gold

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
Ay-ay, what it do my dude?
I'm living life, dawg, what about you?
And I ain't even gotta tell a lie
My swag, my steez got a nigga sky-high
So I'm, watchin' my moves
From the shoes on the coupe
Be damned if a nigga ain't high to the roof
Pimp tight get it right, homie, more or less
I gotta thank God I'm fresh

[Verse 2: Kid Cudi]
Oh, I rearrange faces when I drop
I'm super duper Cudi candy-paint the rag-top
Can't nobody even tell me I don't sip 'em when I lean
But get me to my fans, I'm country to the seas
Please, I stay up on my creep so to come up
Gotta look the part superstar, no stunnas
I'ma say some shit that make you think I lost my mind
I'm the only nigga that could watch the sun and don't go blind
She fine as she wanna be, but she wanna check, though
Dodging and popping pictures like them ho's was working with the law
Back in Shaker bitches, trynna play me to the left
Now I pick the hoes that I want and give my niggas what is left
I don't know if it's the name or the Bape gum bottoms
Keep them on salute them 501's you can't knock 'em
Use to have the Honda with the thirty-day tags
That was in the past now I'm bout to throw 'em on the Jag

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
Ay-ay, what it do my dude?
I'm living life, dawg, what about you?
And I ain't even gotta tell a lie
My swag, my steez got a nigga sky-high
So I'm, watchin' my moves
From the shoes on the coupe
Be damned if a nigga ain't high to the roof
Pimp tight get it right, homie, more or less
I gotta thank God I'm fresh

[Refrain]
Niggas gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watchin' them when they comin' to get me
So I hit the block and bend, do about sixty
And I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow

[Verse 1]
I'm finna get on this TV and put shit down
I ain't finna let these light skinned niggas come back in style
I'm finna turn this class clown shit to crazy G's
They told my Momma I was bipolar, had A.D.D
I told 'em w-what I wanna do
I wanna be a baller, the dream spoilers'll fool ya
Hating on you to their mans on the corners
Old folks said he'd never make it off the corner
They are the virus that corrupts the soul
They are the cubic zirconia inside the ten-karat gold
That get green on you, when you get green on 'em
You gotta wash your hands of 'em, get clean on 'em
Somebody told me success is the best revenge
So they gon' be fucked up when you do your thing on 'em
Now hold your plaques high, like who would've thought?
And tell 'em *ahem ahem ahem*, thank you for your no support

[Chorus]
They are the dream killers
They the dream killers
Who know a dream?
Uh, they are the dream (Killer Norman Bates)
They the dream killers
They the dream killers
Dream
They are the dream (Killer Norman Bates)

[Verse 2]
Now how you going to talk about the way I spend my money?
Everybody say it with me now, it's my money
And they know they hating, but what they don't know is
They are my motivation, they are my inspiration
'Cause we the leaders and they the followers
And we the nut busters and they the swallowers
They are the rumors, they are the lies
We are the shit, dog, and they the flies
How you gonna tell me how to live my life?
And you can't even get your own shit tight, right?
They are the misery that loves company
'Cause that comfortable corporate job can't comfort me
Told 'em I finished school, then I started my own business
They said, "Oh you graduated?" Nah, I decided I was finished
Chasing y'all dreams and what you got planned
Now I spit it so hot, you got tanned
And they hate on your relationship, then break your marriage up
Can't kill your dreams so they assassinate your character
Do anything to downplay you or embarrass you
Come around with you, but they ain't down with you
They the dream killers
(Killer Norman Bates)

[Verse 3]
And I'm through spitting these rappers my most heartfelt flow
'Cause they be like, "That's cool, you got some beats for me though?
Oh, I get it, you want to be Snoop and Dr. Dre
But don't nobody give a fuck what you got to say
Anyway, what you finna rap about?
You never sold crack out your house or put a gat to a mouth
Or put your fist to your spouse, so how you gon' move the crowd?
I bet a thousand that you get booed out"
I even heard that they even taking wagers to jail
They bet ten boxes of cigarettes that I'm finna fail
Second you talk about peace, they gon' be like, "Peace?
This nigga came from the Chi, moved to the East
You gotta kill at least one person at least
Or we'll evict you from the rap game, cancel your lease
How you go to New York? What, you ain't never took a tour there?
What, you ain't know you gotta be rich just to be poor there?"
The dream killers

[Refrain]
Niggas gossiping, it runs the city
They don't know who watchin' them when they comin' to get me
So I hit the block and bend, do about sixty
Then I put my Glocks to them, like blaow, blaow, blaow

[Outro]
Niggas gossiping
They don't know who watchin' them
So I hit the block and bend
Then I put my Glocks to them
Niggas gossiping
They don't know who watchin' them
So I hit the block and bend
Then I put my Glocks to them, like

[Intro: Big Boi]
One more time for y'all, y-y-yeah, huh
If you didn't know you know now, OutKast, Stankonia
We shittin' on ery'body talkin' that bullshit

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Now Peter Piper picked a pepper, that was his downfall
I'm down with 'Dre 3000 cause he got my back y'all
Ball if you want to, but do it with some class, G
Ask me, do OutKast got some flows so you can blast me
Nasty, niggas on the point they see you shining
Engineers in the studio see me rhyming
Don't get me wrong, got four albums; stay consisent
You got a bodyguard, I let my nigga tote the biscuit
Twist ya cap back, you got blood off on ya fur hat
Cap, cap, ya link snapped, you slumped off in ya Cadillac
For what though, some diamonds and a Bentley
What you dying for?
Alright hoe, I'mma bank my cheese and let my mic glow
Prioritize to live to tell these other niggas how you
Bought yo' kid some tennis shoes
Let these brothers know that your mama she got her house too
Let these niggas know that your sister wouldn't have finished
College.. without you, I doubt you do that though
So do this here and keep that bullshit out of our ear
You too near me to not hear me, to open to conceal me
The love for the music keeping Big Boi spittin' real G

[Chorus: Big Boi & André 3000]
'Cause they know where you live
And they've seen what ya drive
And they say they gonna put one in your helmet
'Cause you brag 'bout that watch
And all them things that you got (Good God!)
Them dirty boys turn your poundcake to red velvet (Good God!)

[Break]
Yeah, this nigga wanna floss?
Yeah, we got this nigga now
Yo T, I got a nigga right for us
I'ma take him to the hotel
You know how it's gon' go...
Nigga, keep braggin' (Mhm)
(Yeah)
Yeah, we got him now...

[Verse 2: André 3000]
How can you measure a nigga by multiple figures
He may got, got, got
Had he not purchased the newest Mercedes
That lose it's value soon as you drive that bitch off the lot, lot, lot
Would he still be the ladies, most wanted, doggonit you want it
He got it-type nigga 'round the town, town, town
Had he not played it so flashy, ashy when half of these niggas
Hurtin' and workin' would be he be found, found, found
In a ho (Ho) tel (Tel) room (Room) shot up (Shot up)
With his dick shoved in something he got a lot of
Bill Gates don't dangle diamonds in the face
Of peasants when he Microsoftening the place
You gettin' on my nerves, well I'm gettin' on your case
Consider your surroundings or you leave without a trace

[Chorus: Big Boi & André 3000]
'Cause they know where you live
And they've seen what ya drive
And they say they gonna put one in your helmet
'Cause you brag 'bout that watch
And all them things that you got
Them dirty boys turn your poundcake to red velvet

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
I know you got the biggest bankroll and you ballin
Follow the heater because the leader he is haulin'
Ass like Juan Valdez, I think he scared
Cause my nigga Khujo Goodie got that tooly to his head

[Bridge: André 3000]
Little did he know that, waitin in the closet
No matter what you call that, playboy sure got done

[Verse 4: André 3000]
Done was the one who came in contact
With those with slow goals who prompt to sell crack
On his megaphone, "hey look world I'm on" you off
He floss hard cause he celebrate the fact

[Bridge: André 3000]
Little did he know that, waitin in the closet
No matter what you call that, playboy sure got done

[Chorus: Big Boi & André 3000]
'Cause they know where you live
And they've seen what ya drive
And they say they gonna put one in your helmet
'Cause you brag 'bout that watch
And all them things that you got
Them dirty boys turn your poundcake to red velvet
I swear to you Lord
Same dudes used to laugh at me
See me in the CL 6 with Haffa B
They know that money begets money so naturally
Me and Haffa could blow a couple of stacks hassle free
I'm like fuck y'all haters on behalf on me
Cause I could flood the city with a staff of three
I'm talking me and two part -ners in that Caprice
With no copies made I got the master keys
And fast cars, fast women, fast cash and cream
Could mould you rappers like plasticine
I have to dream, but dog
Me and success are two things you don't wanna find your ass between
*Back against the wall like a plasma screens*
The inside of my wallet is pasture/ past your green
And you are now hanging with the asthma team
Sweetie catch your breath while I smash the scene
I should leave Earth, nothing left to do here
Everyday is Christmas and e'ry night is New Year's
Say whatever, I never been concerned about who hears
Call my town Sparta and I'm coming with two spears
I'm telling you dog, always got the spring collection in fall
I run my bill up making executives calls
And with me, women be building these sceptical walls
But once you slept with one dime man, you slept with them all, uhh
Family, money, and music is all I ever knew
My necklace suffer from depression it's forever blue
Cheer up baby you don't see all this revenue?
I started the game at level two
I'm sayin'
Stop acting like teen girls are my only market
I parallel the Flying +Spur+ +Tony park+ it
And it's cool if you spill suttin it's only carpet
That's why I get my interior colour only dark shit
Toronto's where you livin' today
And you ain't making records that people are driven to play
I would advise you to really make a move, sooner than later
Cause these are only the joints that I'm giving away
You feel me?

[MCA] People how you doin', there's a new day dawnin'

[MD] For the earth mother, it's a brand new mornin'

[AD] For such a long while, there's been such a longin'

[All] But now the sun is shinin', let's roll back the awnin'

Move-move your body

[MCA] This is a type of kinda like a formal dedication

[MD] Givin' out a shout

[AD] for much inspiration

[MD] All I ever really want to do is get nice
Get loose and goof a little slice of life

[MCA] Sendin' out love to all corners of the land

[AD] I jump up on the stage and take the mic in my hand

[MD] I'm not playin' the role

[AD] Just being who I am

[MCA] And if you try to dis me, I couldn't give a damn

Cause I'm rockin'
Rockin'
Rockin'
Rock-rock, rockin'
Yeah, get down
Rock-rock, rock on
Rock-rock, rock on
Rock-rock, rock on
Mic-mic, mic control
Mic-mic, mic control
Mic-mic-mic, mic control
Yeah, can you get my drift?

[MCA] Bass from the back of my car feels soothin'

[AD] Eight bazookas is what I'm usin'

[MD] I'm Mike D, and it's been proven

[All] I love it when I see the party people just movin'

[MCA] Strapped on my ear goggles and what did I see?

[All] But the music brought the people into harmony

[Verse 1]
It was all a dream
I used to read Thrasher Magazine, looking at pictures of skateboarders
California

So envy me, S.O.S. L.A.P.D
Docking the yacht in such low waters
Alessandra

[Chorus]
Now it's a different game
80 percent still agree
The winning cause, it pleases God
The losing cause pleases me

[Verse 2]
At the duty-free
Gifts of wine and Hennessy
Beautifully made from such fine water
Robert Smithson
An ancient scene
Spiral Jetty, favorite cheese
Leaving the rocks in such blind order
Coliseum

[Chorus]
Now it's a different game
80 percent still agree
The winning cause, it pleases God
But the losing cause pleases me

[Chorus]
Now it's a different game
80 percent still agree
The winning cause, it pleases God
But the losing cause pleases me

[Skit: Eminem, Steve Berman, Vanessa (Secretary)]
*door opening*
*Instrumental for What's the Difference by Dr. Dre (Ft. Eminem & Xzibit) plays in the background*
Aye!
Hey, Em, what's up?
Steve Berman, what's going on, man? How you doin'?
Good to see you again, what's up?
Em, could you come here and have a seat, please?
Umm, yeah, what's u-
Vanessa, shut the door
Okay *door closes*
So, what's up?
How's orders lookin' for the first week?
It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
Wh-
This album is less than nothing
I can't sell this fucking record
Wha-
Do you know what's happening to me out there?
Wh-wha-what's the problem?
Violet Brown told me to go fuck myself!
Who's Violet-
Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass!
Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record
Shoved up your ass?
But I-
I'm gonna lose my fucking job over this
Do you know why Dre's record was so successful?
He's rapping about big-screen TV's, blunts, 40's and bitches
You're rapping about homosexuals and Vicodin
I mean...
I can't sell this shit!
What-
Either change the record or it's not coming out!
What? I-
Now get the fuck out of my office!
What am I supposed...
Now!
*sigh* Alright, man-

[Intro]
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd)
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd) Mic check, one-two
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd) Who woulda knew?
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd) Who woulda known?
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd) Fuck woulda thought?
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd) Motherfucker comes out
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd) Sells a couple of million records
(I never knew I, knew I, knew I'd) And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
(I never knew I'd)

[Verse 1]
I don't do black music, I don't do white music (No)
I make fight music for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this
I put wives at risk with a knife like this
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin' to straight jump out
Put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face — what now?
Oh, you want me to watch my mouth?
How? Take my fuckin' eyeballs out and turn them around?
Look, I'll burn your fuckin' house down, circle around
And hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burnin' furniture out
I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics
While our President gets his dick sucked?
Fuck that! Take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin' to censor music
This is for your kid's amusement (the kids!)
But don't blame me when little Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin' him, apparently you ain't parents

[Chorus]
‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

[Verse 2]
So who's bringin' the guns in this country? (Hm?)
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun
Through customs over in London
And last week I seen this Schwarzenegger movie
Where he's shootin' all sorts of these motherfuckers with an Uzi
I see these three little kids up in the front row
Screaming, "Go!" with their seventeen-year-old uncle
I'm like, guidance?!
Ain't they got the same moms and dads
Who got mad when I asked if they liked violence?
And told me that my tape taught 'em to swear?
What about the make-up
You allow your twelve-year-old daughter to wear? (Hm?)
So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
When his bus driver's screamin' at him, fuckin' him up worse
(Go sit the fuck down, you little fucking prick!)
And "fuck" was the first word I ever learned
Up in the third grade, flippin' the gym teacher the bird (Look!)
So read up 'bout how I used to get beat up
Peed on, be on free lunch
And changed school every three months
My life's like kind of what my wife's like (What?)
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin' ass every night: Ike
So how much easier would life be
If nineteen million motherfuckers grew to be just like me?

[Chorus]
‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

[Verse 3]
I never knew I, knew I'd have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I?
Fuck! Shit! Ass! Bitch! Cunt! Shooby-de-doo-wop! (Oops)
Skibbedy-be-bop, a Christopher Reeves
Sonny Bono, skis, horses and hittin' some trees (Hey)
How many retards'll listen to me
And run up in the school shootin' when they're pissed at a tea-
-cher? Her? Him? Is it you? Is it them?
"Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again!"
Damn, how much damage can you do with a pen?
Man, I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
If you woulda been in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin' that you woulda bought?
That woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it, I ain't know if you'd do it or not

[Chorus]
‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch

[Outro]
How the fuck was I supposed to know?

[Intro]
Whoahhh-ohhh

[Verse One:]
Funky boss, funky boss, funky boss, funky boss
Funky boss, funky boss, get off my back (Hah, get it)

Funky boss, funky boss, funky boss, funky boss
Funky boss, funky boss, get off my back

What in the fuck is hap-pen-ning?

[Verse Two]
Funky boss, funky boss, funky boss, funky boss
Funky boss, funky boss, funky bald-ass boss

[Outro]
Yeah, that's right
Funky bald motherfuckers!
'Cause everywhere gonna be nowhere
* bonus song off of Comeback Season

[Verse One] 

[Drake]
Check (Nottz, Nottz, Nottz)
They ask me about this rapper chick I might know
I say I never hit it but we sure to try it right though
My verses smother beats and they are in need of some lipo
As for rappers, she is not my type, she's like a typo
Flow is universal, take a blood test, I'm type-O
Nottz do me a favor, turn the volume up, it's quite low
Alright so
I might blow, my chain emits a white glow
See life is a scrimmage I am runnin' the ice so
What is about to unfold
No tellin' like a dice throw
Meet a lot of chicks so your girl is someone I might know
It's only if she's nice though
I ain't about the wife though
And let no, Uncle Ben's rice throw
That is just how my life go
And move faster than the leopard sprint
Around the world
Got a lot of spots like leopard print
I used to think you play too much
But I'd rather go deaf than lose touch
Holla at me baby

[Hook]
Look
Been a minute, I know my number outta service
Cause sometimes I don't really wanna be reached
Damn how things change in a year
Tell me how everything goin'
And I know someone told me you wanted to teach
Let me give you my (new shit)
Let me give you my (new shit) (x6)
Then call me anytime, I'll bet you I'll be around

[Verse Two] 

[Drake]
Since you came into college, Hill is somethin you still TiVo
Then you switched the vibe and listened to Il Divo
Or maybe D.M.P., A Tribe Called Quest
But when you call too much then I call less
You would always complain about my small texts
But what you call conversation, I call stress
And that put a barrier between both of our carriers
And I would be like �I ain't getting service in your area�
You be like �Nigga get your bars up�
I just string you along like I was tuning guitars up
I know that I was wrong
I think that this is fate
You took out those extensions and lost you a little weight
Your booty lookin bigger and I think that shit is great
A fresh start is in order, let me take you on a date
Take you on a date
I used to think you used to play too much
But I'd rather go deaf than lose touch
Holla at me baby! (look)

[Hook]
Look
Been a minute, I know my number outta service
Cause sometimes I don't really wanna be reached
Damn how things change in a year
Tell me how everything goin'
And I know someone told me you wanted to teach
Let me give you my (new shit)
Let me give you my (new shit) (x6)
Then call me anytime, I'll bet you I'll be around

[Intro: Wyclef Jean]
Pick up your microphones, ha-ha
Pick up your microphones, yo

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean, Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill]
How many mics do we rip on the daily?
Say, me say many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do we rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many

[Verse 1: Lauryn Hill]
I get mad frustrated when I rhyme
Thinkin' of all them kids that try to do this for all the wrong reasons
Seasons change, mad things rearrange
But it all stays the same like the love doctor, strange
I'm tame like the rapper, get red like a snapper when they do that
Got your whole block saying "True dat"
If only they knew that it was you who was irregular
Sold your soul for some secular muzak that's wack
Plus you use that loop over and over
Claiming that you got a new style, your attempts are futile
Ooh, child, you puerile, brain waves are sterile
You can't create, you just wait to take my tapes (Bing)
Laced with malice, hands get calloused
From gripping microphones from here to Dallas
Go ask Alice if you don't believe me, I get in her visions like Stevie
See me ascend from the chalice like the weed be
Indeed we like Khalid Muhammad, MCs make me vomit
I get controversial, freak your style with no rehearsal
Au contraire mon frère, don't you even go there
Me without a mic is like a beat without a snare
I dare to tear into your ego
We go way back like some ganja and pelequo
Or ColecoVision, my rhymes make incisions in your anatomy
And I'll back this with Deuteronomy
Or Leviticus, God made this word, you can't get with this
Sweet like licorice, dangerous like syphilis, yeah

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean, Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill]
How many mics do we rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do I rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do you rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do we rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many

[Verse 2: Wyclef Jean]
I used to be underrated, now I take iron
Makes my shit constipated, I'm more concentrated
So on my day off, with David Sonenberg I play golf
Run through Crown Heights screaming out, "Mazel tov!"
Problem with no man, before Black, I'm first human
Appetite to write like Frederick Douglass with a slave hand (Bing)
Street pressure, word to papa, I ain't goin' under
One day I'll have a label and make deals with Tommy Mottola
Mama always told me, "You're one in a million"
Always watch your back, never tangle with Haitian Sicilians
Now I got a record deal, "How does it feel?"
I'm never gonna survive unless I get crazy like Seal
'Cause the whole world's out of order
So at night, the fiends dance on grease with John Travolta
One got slaughtered as he coughed blood from his mouth
The other tried to duck and caught a left with my Guinness Stout
Brother, brother, can't you get this through your head?
This is set up by the feds, they're scoping us with their infrareds

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean, Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill]
How many mics do you rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do I rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do we rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many

[Verse 3: Pras]
Too many MCs, not enough mics
Exit your show like I exit the turnpike
Dice and dynamite like Dolemite
Double-deuce delight, I don't Dick Van Dyke
Star light to star bright, the freaks come out at night
Like my man Wyclef (I wear my sunglasses at night)
And my panache will mosh your entourage
Squash the squad and hide their bodies under my garage
And when the cops come lookin, I be bookin' to Brooklyn
Leave the trails broken, flippin' tokens to Hoboken
A clean getaway like Alec Baldwin
Driving in my fast car playing Tracy Chapman

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill]
How many mics do we rip on the daily?
Say, me say many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do you rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do we rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many
How many mics do I rip on the daily?
Many, money, say, me say many, many, many

[Outro: Wyclef Jean]
Many, many, money, many, many, many
Many, many, money, many, many, many

[Interlude]
Yo, as I was sayin', look
Yo, yo, hold up kid, hol' up, hol' up (Yo, man)
Yo, ready or not, kid (Yo, yo, I gotta tell you somethin', man)
They gon' move on us (If they do, but, yo)
And we gotta get prepared
We gotta get the forces together, man (I gotta do what I gotta do, man)
We gotta get our family together (I'ma haul ass down to Mexico, yo)
Ready or not, man (Word is born)
Ready or not they gon' move on us
So I tell you what, better safe than sorry
Let's be ready

[Intro: Revenge of the Nerds sample]
Are all nerds as good as you?
Yes

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
Look look! Gander gander
It's the young boy from the Lambda Lambdas
The Land of Lincoln, the Grand Theft Auto: Chicago
Warn all the mics that he's hardcore
And he's thinking, rose bearers to the area
Spotlights, dancers dancers
Pro Tools come in, answer answer
His flow is like the Klu Klux versus the Panthers
HaHaaaaa!

[Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco]
Hit the track like a heart attack, cancer cancer
Boogie Man on the mic and a band of Santas
And the Easter Bunny is the backup dancer
They fainting in the stands, gotta fan the fans-uh
Panties on the stage and the pampers of grandmas
Cause they love the way that I pamper the grammar
Moon Man, strutting down the ramp of the lander
Was nuts with the cane, Planters Planters
Adjust my frames, tamper tamper
I'm real, they Seinfeld
They ain't talking 'bout nothing, George Castanza
Louder louder, grander grander
'Cuff a friend, we tell it to 'em like Miranda
The game's in danger, panda panda
Send orders to the reporters, tell 'em pan the cameras
You might get killed if you don't listen enough
Well I guess I'm dead cause I ain't listen to Puff
HaHaaaaa!

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
Best believe our system it sucks
And a person like me don't believe in assistin' in such
Nah, I be rippin' 'em up
But for every pond there is different ducks
I believe if you participate at a lower level you can get a lot more things done
Like working with the alderman, but I ain't alterin' this song
To be a political statement
Let's take it back to the basement
To the encore of the sold out tour
The "More, more!"s and the standing ovations
They be standing with more patience than the county on a Friday
I did it my way, thank them

[Outro: Lupe Fiasco]

[Intro]

[Verse]
They wanna start again, no arguing, guns in the car for them
Hit 'em while they feet on they ottomans
Off-guard, uh-huh, blow 'em out they cardigans
They case hardening, they at the table bargaining
No time for stuck safeties or shaky targeting
Hit the face, hit the safe and the carpet and
Get the weight, get the cake, get the tape that we starred in
Escape, hit the interstate partying
They guardians is soft frames as jellyfish
Give 'em shirts they can strain spaghetti with
Extra button holes for touching those
They rarely kick, my readiness only matched by my pettiness
Get the change, where the couch at
Pick pocket fleas, please get the cheese off they mousetraps
Remember, they holdin' just like us
Burners under the furniture, 4-4's in floorboards
Murderers, burglars, they game just as hood
And they aim just as good, a little better
Little Berettas with suppressors
And all the etceteras for whatever
We can pole climb, cut phone lines, the whole nine
But we gotta stay together, that's the key to this
Even if it's no longer secretive
They gon' start panicking when they see that you backstage without the laminate
Don't ease up, niggas tend to freeze up
Become mannequins, "What about you?" Don't worry 'bout me
I'm averaging fifty shots a game when it's crackling
Turn the lights off on they ambulance
Just, give me room to operate
They be in operating rooms with wounds to contemplate
Don't speak, no room to commentate
Make sure ya sneakers tied, no shoes to confiscate
Get aways, take cables out they Sables
Slash the tires on they Chryslers, no survivors
Niggas can't make it with MacGyver
Either you get them or they get you
No amount of karate class can keep you out of body bags
So save ya boxing and Ninjitsu
Don't be cheap, bullets is ten cents apiece
Give 'em each a saw buck the instant they reach
Moving on, make sure you know who's who
Who's you, who's not, and who to shoot upon
Friendly fire and hitting innocent standbyers'll
Get your enemy wired and it's bad enough
So don't go gassing 'em up
Leave that for the shells, the 12's from the pumps
If done correct, the condo's on me
Gotta go, rock-n-roll, lock and load on three

[Intro: Jazze Pha]
Ladies and gentlemen
Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen (Ayy)
You are now tuned in to the very best (Oh, the very best)
So beautiful (So beautiful), one, two, three, oh
Jazzy Phizzle, Chris Brown, let's go

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder
Well, I bet I couldn't look more bolder
Hold her as we dip into my solar
Call me Ford, baby, I explore her
This navigator, you the one like Lincoln
Black Bentley, you look better in a pink one
She smoking and I'm about to steam one
Let's skip and make love on Venus
Baby, the ball's in your court like Sere-nus
Make me jump over that net between us
And let nothing get between us
We too hot, only sweat between us

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Girl, you're hot like fire, gimme whatcha got
Coldest thing moving, gimme whatcha got
Heat up like summer, gimme whatcha got
Girl, you know what you're doing, gimme whatcha got
You like 28's on the Hummer, gimme whatcha got
'Cause you the number one stunner, gimme whatcha got
You got it, gimme whatcha got
You got it, girl

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
That's it, baby girl, pulling on my zipper
We ain't in the club but I still wanna tip her
You should be my misses, I could be your mister
Put me on deck, shawty, I could be your skipper

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'll give you a kiss for every time you make me smile
I'll give you a thousand if you stay a little while
Longer and it's getting stronger
The feeling that I got for you, shorty, do what it do

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Girl, you're hot like fire, gimme whatcha got
Coldest thing moving, gimme whatcha got
Heat up like summer, gimme whatcha got
Girl, you know what you're doing, gimme whatcha got
You like 28's on the Hummer, gimme whatcha got
'Cause you the number one stunner, gimme whatcha got
You got it, gimme whatcha got
You got it, girl

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Exit now I got a place where we can go
Back seat action, sunroof for deuce
And the windows tinted so nobody could look in
Put it in gear and burn out with me

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'll give you a kiss for every time you make me smile
I'll give you a thousand if you stay a little while
Longer and it's getting stronger
The feeling that I got for you, shorty, do what it do

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Girl, you're hot like fire, gimme whatcha got (Ooh, ooh)
Coldest thing moving, gimme whatcha got (Hey)
Heat up like summer, gimme whatcha got (Heat up)
Girl, you know what you're doing, gimme whatcha got (You like)
You like 28's on the Hummer, gimme whatcha got (Ooh, ooh)
'Cause you the number one stunner, gimme whatcha got (Yeah)
You got it, gimme whatcha got (You got it)
You got it, girl (Haha, woo!)

[Bridge: Chris Brown]
Girl, you the flyest thing that I've seen and I'm tryna get with you
Girl, girl, you on fire and I know that you're burning hot
Shorty, you're burning hot, I'm talking to you
I'ma set you on fire and all I do is think about you, yeah (Ooh, ooh, ooh)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Girl, you're hot like fire, gimme whatcha got
Coldest thing moving, gimme whatcha got
Heat up like summer, gimme whatcha got (I heat up like summer)
Girl, you know what you're doing, gimme whatcha got (You know what you doing)
You like 28's on the Hummer, gimme whatcha got (Hummer)
'Cause you the number one stunner, gimme whatcha got (Stunner)
You got it, gimme whatcha got
You got it, girl
Girl, you're hot like fire, gimme whatcha got
Coldest thing moving, gimme whatcha got
Heat up like summer, gimme whatcha got (I heat up like summer)
Girl, you know what you're doing, gimme whatcha got (You know what you doing)
You like 28's on the Hummer, gimme whatcha got (Hummer)
'Cause you the number one stunner, gimme whatcha got (Stunner)
You got it, gimme whatcha got
You got it, girl

[Chorus]
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

[Verse 1]
I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave
And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved
A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up
With first aid tape and raped on the first date (Ooh)
Susan, an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin'
Who love booze and alternative music (What up?)
Told me she was going back into usin' again (Nah)
I said, "Wait, first try this hallucinogen
It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze and the gin
C'mere, let's go in here, who's in the den?"
"It's me and Kelly!"
"My bad" (Sorry)
"Let's try another room"
"I don't trust you"
"Shut up, slut, chew up this mushroom
This'll help you get in touch with your roots
We'll get barefoot, butt-naked, and run in the woods"
"Oh hell, I might as well try 'em, this party is so drab"
"Oh dag" (Mmm)
"I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag"
"Huh?"

[Chorus]
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault (I'm sorry)
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

[Verse 2]
"Yo, Sue"
"Get away from me, I don't know you"
"Oh shoot, she's trippin'"
"I need to go puke" (Blehh)
"I wasn't tryna turn this into somethin' major
I just wanted to make you appreciate nature
Susan, stop crying, I don't hate ya
The world's not against you, I'm sorry your father raped ya
So what you had your little coochie in your dad's mouth?
That ain't no reason to start wiggin' and spaz out (Nah)"
She said, "Help me, I think I'm havin' a seizure"
I said, "I'm high too, bitch, quit grabbin' my T-shirt (Let go)
Would you calm down? You're startin' to scare me"
She said, "I'm 26 years old and I'm not married
I don't even have any kids and I can't cook"
"(Hello) I'm over here, Sue (Hi)
You're talking to the plant, look
We need to get to a hospital 'fore it's too late
'Cause I never seen no one eat as many 'shrooms as you ate"

[Chorus]
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl (Whoops)
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault (It's an accident)
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

[Verse 3]
"Susan, wait, where you goin'? You better be careful"
"Leave me alone, dad, I'm sick of gettin' my hair pulled"
"I'm not your dad, quit trying to swallow your tongue
Want some gum? Put down the scissors
'Fore you do something dumb
I'll be right back, just chill, baby, please?
I gotta go find Dave, he's the one who gave me these
(I'ma kill him)
John, where's Dave at? Before I bash you"
"He's in the bathroom, I think he's takin' a crap, dude"
"Dave, pull up your pants, we need an ambulance
There's a girl upstairs talking to plants, choppin' her hair off
And there's only two days left of Spring Break
How long do these things take to wear off?"
"Well, it depends on how many you had"
"I took three, she ate the other 22 caps
Now she's upstairs cryin' out her eyeballs, drinking Lysol"
"She's gonna die, dude"
"I know and it's my fault"
"Oh my God"

[Chorus]
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world (I'm sorry)
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault (What do I do?)
I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl
I never meant to bring you to my world
But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying
And now it's my fault, my fault

[Outro]
My God, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry
Susan, please wake up, please
Please wake up, what are you doing?!
You're not dead, you're not dead
I know you're not dead
Wake up, Susan, wake up
Oh my God

[Intro: Eminem]
It is not about lyrics anymore
It's about a hot beat and a catchy hook

[Verse 1: Eminem]
If we gotta dumb down our style and A-B-C it
Then so be it, 'cause nowadays, these kids just
Don't give a shit 'bout lyrics
All they wanna hear is a beat, and that's it
Long as they can go to the club and get blitzed
Pick up some chicks and get some digits
And the DJ's playing them hits
"Oh, this my jam! This my shit!
We don't know a word to a verse, all we know is the chorus
'Cause the chorus repeats the same four words for us
And the song's ginormous, the whole formula's switched
'Cause we don't know anymore what are hits"
Is it the beat? Is it the rap?
Is it a finger snap or the same 808 clap?
And how do we adapt and get TRL votes
When thirteen-year-olds control the remotes?
And Ashlee's got a brand new nose
We gotta put some new em-pha-sis on our syl-la-la-bles

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
If the emphasis on the compact disc
Is in the beat, then I'm gon' feature Em and get rich
And let Dre mix the shit and drive off in the Range Ro'
'Cause everywhere I go they love the "bling-bling" flow
Bang-bang, look at the way my chain glow
The ring on my fing' cost your man a lot of dough (Oh)
The fuck am I bustin' my brain fo'?
It's just the way the game go and, oh, it takes two to tango
You call this a lame flow? You bought the shit
I guess you to blame, too, I just found an angle (Hahaha)
No more reality flow
I'm tryna time my album dropping with a reality show
Cock the MAC-11 in front of Hot 97
And call my publicist, tell her we impressed heaven (Haha)
No one gives a shit except
Some kids that just got into sex on the Internet
So you want the chatroom or the house in Malibu?
Em, your emphasis is on the wrong syl-la-la-ble

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre & Eminem]
They said thirty's the new twenty, funny
Must mean forty's the new thirty, interesting
'Cause ever since then, it's been, in a sense, an extension
For veteran rappers that are better than half of
The shit coming out right now, it's all trash
The torch is gonna burn out before it gets passed
JAY said it's his last, then 50 and Em
Then what? Detox drops, what do we got then?
So now our whole camps is running around
Scrambling over what to do
Gambling every time we put a record out
Just lookin' for that hook (Wait, Dre, look!)

[Hook: Eminem]
Shorty, I love you
And you love me too
We were meant to be
'Cause, shorty, you love me
And I love you too
And I promise I'll be true to you

[Verse 4: 50 Cent]
Go shawty, it's your birthday (Woo)
You made it just in time to hear my wordplay
It's the kid that flip flows who used to flip O's
And run G for days, you should see how I get hoes
I'm international, I get my dick licked 'round the globe
I'm sick right into shows, ridin' on lolos (Yeah)
Puffin' on coco, my bitch in Manolos
Don't fuck with the dodos, that's slang for dumb hoes (Oh)
I'm playin', I ain't got time to joke, joke
You fuck around, you could get your ass smoked, loc
It's not a game, me, B, I ain't playin', beat behind me playin'
So you don't hear anyway, you don't hear what I'm sayin'
Me fin-nini-na, fee-fi-fididee-yay
Just give me my check and I'll be on my way
Sunny, bunny, money and funny
You ain't even listening, and I just took your money (Ha)

[Verse 5: Stat Quo]
There once was a time everywhere you turned ('Where you turned)
Shady-Aftermath was all you heard
But they say 50 sang too much, and Em got soft (Got soft)
And they say Dre just fell the fuck off (Woo!)
Well, fuck the fuck-offs! All y'all eat salt
Be mad, we back, fresh up outta the vault
Oh! New syl-la-la-bles, eat ball, you fuck-offs
Your house, your bitch, I'm getting sucked off
East, South, Midwest, even up North
Falling victim to wax, spitting, bring out the white chalk
All for the gingerbread, we get it and get lost
Catch me if you can, I'm runnin' past while y'all walk

[Verse 6: Ca$his]
Shady made me for bringin' it back
'Fore the history of rap is gone with a snap
A snare and a clap, what happened to just spittin'
'Bout livin' in the motherfuckin' city you at?
In the grimiest condition, I breathe in drama
King Mathers and Cash—me—that's free karma
I'm everything, anything you can never be
It's a hidden rhyme of the month deep in the beef
I speak with a piece, no peace on my mind
I repeat every evil deed done of mine (Yeah)
No rest contest, contract to sign
By blood, I'm in this squad for life
Hear about out my windpipes, and I just chime
I'm the reason you guys won't say that line
I'm crazy, renegade like Em and Jay-Z
I'm Rosemary's baby, I want you to hate me

[Hook: Eminem]
Shorty, I love you
And you love me too
We were meant to be
'Cause, shorty, you love me
And I love you too
And I promise I'll be true to you

[Outro: Eminem]
It is not about lyrics anymore
It is not about lyrics anymore
It's about a hot beat, a hot beat
It's about a hot beat, a hot beat
A hot-hot-hot beat and a catchy hook
A hot-hot-hot beat and a catchy hook
Nobody gives a damn about them syllables
Syl-la-la-bles, whatever they are
I don't care if you gotta rhyme "schmoe," "mo," "Joe," "toe," and "glow"
Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records!
Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records!
Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records!
Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records!
Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records!
Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records!
Now, get out there and sell some goddamn records!
Now, get out there and sell some

[Intro]
Goodness gracious!

[MCA]
If you can feel what I’m feeling then it's a musical masterpiece
Hear what I’m dealing with then that's cool at least
What's running through my mind comes through in my walk
True feelings are shown from the way that I talk
And this is me y'all, I emcee y'all
My name is MCA and I still do what I please
And now I’d like to introduce (what's up?)
I'll pass the mic to D for a fist full of truth

[Mike D]
The name is D, y'all and I don't play
And I can rock a block party 'til your hair turns grey
So, what you sayin'? I explode on site
I’m like Jimmy Walker I’m Dyn-o-mite
And now I’d like to pass the mic
To Ad-Rock c'mon and do anything you like

[Ad-Rock]
I’m the A-D-R-O-C-K
In the place with the bass I’m going all the way
I can't stop, y'all, tock tick, y'all
And if you think that you're slick you'll catch a brick, y'all
‘Cause I’mma turn it in and I’mma turn it out
But now I’ve got to pass the mic to Yauch

[MCA]
Well, on and on and on and on
I can't stop, y'all 'til the early morn’
So rock rock , y'all, tick tock, y'all
A to the beat, y'all, c'mon and rock, y'all

[Adrock, MCA, & Mike D]
I give thanks for inspiration, it guides my mind along the way
A lot of people get jealous, they're talking about me
But that's just cause they haven't got a thing to say

[Mike D]
Well everybody rapping like it's a commercial
Actin' like life is a big commercial
So this is what I’ve got to say to you all
Be true to yourself and you will never fall
And now I’d like to pass the mic to A
So what's your name, Yauch?

[MCA]
My name is MCA
I’ve been coming to where I am from the get go
Find that I can groove with the beat when I let go
So put your worries on hold
Get up and groove with the rhythm in your soul
And now I’d like to pass the mic (To who?)
To my brother Ad-Rock c'mon and shine like a light

[Ad-Rock]
Yes, yes, y'all and yes, yes, y'all
I’m always on time nevertheless, y'all
And that's right y'all, I shed light, y'all
I’ve got no time in my life to get uptight, y'all
So what you gonna say that I don't know already?
I’m like Clyde and I’m rockin' steady
But time flies when you're having fun
So Mike D? (That's me!) C'mon and get some

[Mike D]
M.I.K.E. to the D
You come and see me and you pay a fee
Do what I do professionally
To tell the truth I am exactly what I want to be
Now Ad-Rock (Huh?) and MCA (Yeah?)
Let's rock this joint in the old school way

[Ad-Rock, MCA, & Mike D]
Well I’m on 'til the crack of dawn
Mowing down emcees like I’m mowing a lawn
I go off like nothing can faze me
You think we'll ever meet Stevie? one of these days, D
But I can stand my ground and I am down
To wax an emcee who acts like a clown
But for now, I’d like to ask you how
You like the feel of the bass in your face in the crowd?

[Drake]

Damn, another 20 missed calls
I love her and I hate her
It's a funny twist y'all
Can't stand her it when she in town
But miss her when she gone
Truth be told
I'd rather be with her than alone
But fights break out
And neighbors call 5-0
Screamin you the most foul bitch I know!
Forever mine wherever I go
Sex pistols out (bang) die slow
Nah die slower than that
Just co-llapse all over my matt-ressss
Who shot cha that nigga ain't finished
So once again I find myself in it (click-clack)
Just let me take a minute
Round 2 is in the chamber
All you gotta do is spin it
Aim for the heart
Battle of the sexes
All's fair love and war casualties expected

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Where my straight jacket at? I’m a psycho
Where that white blow? Why they copy my flow?
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Post-Chorus: Nicki Minaj (pitched down)]
We don’t t-t-talk, talk to Five-O
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Verse 1: Jae Millz]
Mister officer, mister officer
I’m sorry I don’t wanna take a walk with ya
Matter of fact, I ain’t tryna talk to ya
We ain’t got no business, so fuck we talking for?
There ain’t no need to bring me in for no interrogation
Cause about that boy who just got shot, I got no information
These broke ass snitch niggas still gram shaving
At the precinct writing statements on which trap house is the station (Damn)
Not I, tattle-telling is for homos
Besides, thats the Number 1 Young Money no-no
Police, we don’t chat with them
We ain’t got no rap for them
You in the cop car pointing niggas out from the back of them (There he go)
Back seat informer, your papi shoulda warned ya
You even tell PoPo I’m black, then you's a fucking goner
Yeah you get high, but I get higher
Manyana, I just might go to the halfway house and ask your supervisor

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Where my straight jacket at? I’m a psycho
Where that white blow? Why they copy my flow?
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Post-Chorus: Nicki Minaj (pitched down)]
We don’t t-t-talk, talk to Five-O
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
Yo… 4, 3, 2, cocka-doodle-doo
I was out in Africa, Shaka Zulu crew
Ho ho ho, red stockings too
Coming down the chimney, you're chopped 'n' screwed
It’s me, bitches, F you snitches
Gimmie the heebie jeebies, so excuse my twitches
Excuse me! Lemme get that brewski
Niggas know them bitches can’t do it like I dooski
I just pull up, chuck the deuce in some blue denim
And I just heard you running with the lieutenant
I’m the mistress, I be in the District of Columbia
Yes, uh huh, Washington
Better ask around, cause I’m what's popping-ton
I’m who they think about, playing with they pee pee
Gotta count sheep, B, cause I’m never sleepy
Yes, I’m the chief, you can find me in my teepee, bitches

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Where my straight jacket at? I’m a psycho
Where that white blow? Why they copy my flow?
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Post-Chorus: Nicki Minaj (pitched down)]
We don’t t-t-talk, talk to Five-O
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Verse 3: Gudda Gudda]
Young Money psycho, straitjacket on me
Break a nigga jaw if he turn to informant
I bring it to your door step, loose lips sink ships nigga
So I’ma bring you to the bottom of the ocean
Uh, church, I hear you preaching like a fucking reverend
Should've killed you in the first place, no second guessing
Could've killed 'em with the first and the second weapon
DJ Unk 'em with the hand, I two-step and deck 'em
Then I grab the choppa, blue flame Houston wreck 'em
Kick a snitch head through a goal like David Beckham
Make way, respect 'em, I could AK or tech 'em
Ay, you looking at a gangster in his essence
Now, bitch, bow down when a gangster in your presence
'Cause I’m God’s gift like a present
For one, don’t try me I could give you two lessons
You peasants get murdered if you do test 'em
Gudda Gudda, biatch!

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Where my straight jacket at? I’m a psycho
Where that white blow? Why they copy my flow?
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Post-Chorus: Nicki Minaj (pitched down)]
We don’t t-t-talk, talk to Five-O
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O
If it’s not Young Money, it’s a typo
There them lights go, we don’t talk to Five-O

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
It was Friday night and I was feeling aight (Yup!)
Downtown Atlanta, big city, bright lights
Mixing Henny with the Sprite while I'm drinking and driving
No police lights (Lights), no police sirens
I'm headed to the club, looking for a freak (Freak)
To spread a little love, and spread a couple cheeks (Cheeks)
Pull up to the spot 26's like BAM!
Eyes on me like, "Bitch, do you see him?"
Strolled through the front door, headed to the VIP (VIP)
Bought a couple bottles and I took a couple sips (Sips)
Scoping out the room, and what do I see?
A nice round butt, and a pair of double-Ds
So I crept up, like, "Shawty, what's hatnin'?"
You killing that dress and I love it with a passion"
Then she turned around and her face was aight
She had a gap tooth and a mean overbite
But I was like, "Hmm..."

[Hook: T-Pain]
Yeah, yeah
If I take one more drink (Drink)
I'm gon' end up fucking you
Is that what you wanna do, shawty?
If I take one more drink
I'm gon' end up fucking you
You too, ooh, ooh, ooooh

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Woke up the next morning and all I can remember (What?)
Was taking shots and tippin the bartender
Surrendered to the woman, end up bringing me home
'Cause she started looking better every shot of Patrón, yup!
I jumped up with a devilish grin
'Cause tonight, damn right I might do it again
So I called up the homies (What up?) Let's ride
We can hit the sports bar over on the south side (Aight)
Get a couple of Coronas, couple of limes (Yup)
Went up to the bar and saw a couple of dimes (Woo!)
So I, slowly walked up and said, "Hi!
My name's Ludacris and I'm a hell of a guy
One said "I know who you are, I'm your number-one fan" (Woo!)
"And right now, it's too bad I got a man"
And I said, "I understand" (I understand)
"But where the hell is he at?
'Cause in a minute, if he don't show up, then man...

[Hook: T-Pain & Ludacris]
Yeah, yeah
If I take one more drink (Drink)
I'm gon' end up fucking you
Is that what you wanna do, shawty?
If I take one more drink
I'm gon' end up fucking you (Uh-huh)
You too, ooh, ooh, ooooh
Ayy, Pain, holla at 'em right quick, man

[Bridge: T-Pain, Ludacris, & Both]
Yeah, you gon' get in trouble with yo' man, girl
Don't get in trouble, girl!
Talking 'bout how you're my biggest fan, girl
I know it! I know it!
Now I don't wanna do (Please!)
What you gon' make me do
Don't make me do it! Don't make me do it!
But I-I...
If I have one more drink—

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
—I'ma get ya home, then I'll split ya
Grab the cameraphone and take a bunch of drunk pictures
'Cause Hennessy mixed with a whole bunch of buddah (Yup!)
Equals you mixed with a whole bunch of Luda (Haha!)
And you know how far one drink could go
Start slurring my speech, slowing up the flow
Hiking up your skirts, climbing up your shirts
It's Mr. Late Night Luda, and I like to flirt
So guess what, baby girl!

[Hook: T-Pain & Ludacris]
Yeah, yeah
If I take one more drink (Drink)
I'm gon' end up fucking you (Just one more!)
Is that what you wanna do, shawty?
That's all it's gon' take!
If I take one more drink (Hey!)
I'm gon' end up fucking you
Haha! Who else, T-Pain?
You too, ooh, ooh, ooooh

[Outro: Ludacris]
Hahaha!
You hear what I'm saying?
People too picky these days, dammit!
"Too tall, too short, too fat, too skinny"
Have a couple of drinks and quit discriminating
This has been a Luda Service Announcement
Deuces!
Hahahaha

[Intro: Eminem]
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck
We should do something like that, yeah (Yeah!)

[Hook: 50 Cent]
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! (Haha)
Boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! (Woo!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, b-boom—Shady!

[Verse 1: Eminem]
There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this
And it's the, most sinister duo in the business
Once again it's the... illest and realest killers
The most villainous, Dre protege, Shady apprentice
Drop them zeros and get with these heroes
Do you want losers or winners? This music is in us, and it's
Not over till we say it's finished
And G-Unit spinners will keep spinning
This is hip-hop when it's in it's
Truest form, the greatest, hate us or love us
Make voodoo dolls of us and keep sticking them pins in us
Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is
The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is
And as sick as his music is, or was, still is
Whatever, forever, he will be the illest
To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next?
He's already reconciled with his {ex}
A chainsaw and an axe
Choke a bitch to death, strangle her neck
While we have sex, while Bill Clinton plays the sax
I sprays the facts, yeah, bring Shady on back
The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack
Resurrect? I never left, baby, I'm bad
I've gone mad, my comrade Dre-zie automatically
Says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that
I may be off drugs, but it's made me off-track (*Bl-la-la*)
In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap
I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that
Fuck it, I quit, suck on a dick, jackass
I'm done with this wack-ass rap, kiss my black ass!

[Break: Eminem]
(Fuck this!)
50 Cent

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
Nah, Em, tell them to kiss my Black ass, the clean parts, the shitty parts
My bullet wounds, my beauty marks, the fif'll tear your ass apart
I came in this game crushing motherfuckers from the start
Shady paid me, Shady crazy, Fifty crazy rich, bitch
Different day, nothing change, it's the same shit, trick (Uh-huh)
Teflon wrapped on, 'case I get clapped on (Oh!)
D's searching the whip, glad I left the MAC home
Still grinding, still shining, nigga, Lord knows
You rocking with the kid to spit sicker sick flows (Woo!)
I carried Game's style for nine months and gave birth to it (Haha)
Now I'm feeling like a proud father watching him do it
Every day Dre day, front and cause a melee
Turn the town upside-down with a frown upside-down
I smile through something fowl, and watch my money pile
I'm fucking with straight stacks, I'm kicking you straight facts
I hit you with it, bag it, pump it, bring me mines right back! (Now...)

[Hook: 50 Cent & Eminem]
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, go 'head front, get fucked up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! (Now...)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, I hit your ass up!
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! (Yeah!)
Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck!
Boom boom chuck, (It's the Re-Up!)
Shady...

[Intro]
Hello, what up? Hello?
Yo, I can't, I can't hear you
Let me call you right back

[Verse]
I sense someone's tappin' into my phones, why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon?
The FBI might be tryin' to pull my file soon
I might be walkin' blindfold into a typhoon
I might be seein' rockets light up the night sky
Right outside the window of my living room
And if they do, you can say good night
And bye-bye to them iTunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking-dead man
Blank stare, dead pan, look on my face
As I gaze into space, as I wait to be scooped up in that van
As I mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gonna say a sniper just appeared outta nowhere
And I'll go down in the history as the bloodsuckin' leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tried to take the 5th Amendment, use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dyin' the villain, not the hero, splendid
Stupendous way to end this
I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of September 11th
Flashback to September 7th
When 2Pac was murdered in Vegas
He said it, he predicted his own death, let us never forget it
Should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F. Kennedy was assassinated in broad day
By the crazed lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block
In the library book depository
Where the President would go for a little Friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know, or do they?
Who's they for them to say "touché"?
We're all vulnerable and it's spook-ay
This is about as kook-ay as I've ever felt now
Count down to nuclear meltdown
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
You can run, you can do what you want to
But you know you ain't gonna do nothin'
When it's time, it's your time, you are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy number one

[Verse 1]
Sometimes a niggas worth
Is measured by a niggas work
And if I delivered food
This nigga here would lose
But not with her....(whoo)
Though, sinner I be, winner I be to her
She ain't God, she don't judge
When it was hard she ain't budge
When winter my she simmer I be to fur
Brought me down when the temperature was down
Held me down when a nigga was down
Bought for, when I couldn't afford
But couldn't afford to leave the scene
Cause this mission here we couldn't abort
Yep, she help me bring FNF up
Therefore she's forever the "S" in the us
When I'm talking about "we" shes the "E."
She's the one to kidnap
When you want the rapper to plea
(Chorus)
I'm dedicating, dedicating, dedicating, dedicating
I'm Dedicated, this song to you lady!
*repeat 2x

[Verse 2]
You're forever my lady
Forever your baby
Been down since you made me
When I was in trouble like mayday
She would come and save me. (Uh!)
Five dollars on your pay-day
Went directly to little debbies,blueberry juices,cherry now or laters, and a PayDay
Made me feel same way, it' was crazy
It's not where you live
But, where your brain stay
Yeah, thats how she train me
Transferred that directly into my game, aye!
Let them old people sit down
Right now you ain't gotta pay
Stop trying to be grown
Cause your next stop might be gone
So with the home of my body being the ghetto
But my mind on the moon
I will soon be the man that I am today
My momma can cook, but barely can woop
Still had me shook. Hey!
(Chorus x2)

[Verse 3]
Uh, yeah!
Sometimes a women's worth
Is measured by a woman's church
And underneath her hijab
They path is not of this earth;
The street that they walk
They just trying to meet the boss
Homie that might not be looking good to you
But they ain't looking good for you
They looking good for thou
Who's the most good looking
'specially when they looking to
So me, and you homie they looking through
Them scarves don't cover no scars
They guard from the stare of ours
God willing, they can see the gardens
Sometimes concealing is hard
'specially when you're living in a place like ours
When those and the powers that be
Loathing their clothing**
You looking good in God shirt, God Shoes, God purse, God hoodie
Just keep God first, lady and keep rolling. Yeah!
(Chorus x2)

[Intro]
Uh-huh
Oh, baby
Talk to 'em
Oh, baby, ooh
It's what hustler's do
Oh, baby
This is a hustler's song
This hustler's gone (Thug life, 

[?])

[Verse 1]
Let me tell you what this fellow like, caught somewhere
Between stop and go like yellow lights, uh-huh
Hustler, so I gotta get it mellow, right?
Down the block, round the clock, bezel like
I roll like cherry red Jell-O dice
It's Was, just the pot callin' the kettle white
It's hot, just the block callin' the ghetto wife
This Paul McCain is my ball and chain, mi amor
Hopefully I won't fall and hang
Like pictures on the walls of halls of fame
It's just a boy, man, look what it all became
Good 'n all, but look at what all remains
All the flaws and things
Marks from all the claws and fangs
The remarks from all of y'all that changed, the
Bustin' back at all y'all I trained, the
Apologizing to all of y'all I blame

[Chorus]
This a hustler's due
And you ain't did it 'til a hustler's do
And you didn't know it 'til a hustler knew
And you ain't done 'til a hustler's through
I'm a customer too, it's what hustler's do
And you ain't seen it 'til you seen it from a hustler's view
Open your eyes, this a hustler's song
God forgive if the hustler's wrong (Uh)

[Verse 2]
It's bigger things so we Cosa Nostra
Striving to be number one 'til I overdose
I speak it now with a number tongue or the throat
Youngest son runnin' from older quotes
Thou shall not sin, thou shall not steal
Thou shall not kill, thou shall not
Turn your back on those in need, I try to flip
But these government switch keeps me at this chosen speed
I'm just a rose in weeds
And I rolls with reasons to stay on this road I lead
'Til I leave with what I sow, my sole in these
Leave my son with the sum of what I sold in deeds
I'm foldin' y'all
Prolly headed for the pin like bowling balls
Kept it directed at the pen and wrote it for y'all

[Chorus]
This a hustler's due
And you ain't did it 'til a hustler's do
And you didn't know it 'til a hustler knew
And you ain't done 'til a hustler's through
I'm a customer too, this what hustler's do
And you ain't seen it 'til you seen it from a hustler's view
Open your eyes, this a hustler's song
God forgive if the hustler's wrong

[Verse 3]
It takes a lot of patience when you takin' it on
A lot of pacin', a lot of makin' it known
I ain't the nigga that be placin' it on
I was the king of this city, now they replacing the throne
I know it's a lot of hatin' waitin' at home
And she ain't waitin', you can hear the bass in her tone
Like she can't make it alone, a broken home
And she the brace for the bone
All this from just embracin' the phone
A lot of ballin' up letters
A lot of erasing the poems
A lot of comin' to grips that you gonna be facin' alone
All this time, all this time you was wrong
You know whatever happens I got you
And when whatever happened to happen, they was happy to drop you
No letters or shoes, no cheddar
Your mom sow sweaters, 

[?] no better

[Chorus]
This a hustler's due
And you ain't did it 'til a hustler's do
And you didn't know it 'til a hustler knew
And you ain't done 'til a hustler's through
I'm a customer too, this what hustler's do
And you ain't seen it 'til you seen it from a hustler's view
Open your eyes, this a hustler's song
God forgive if the hustler's wrong

[Outro]
This what hustler's do
Till this hustler's through
This a hustler's song
'Til this hustler's gone
This what hustler's do

[Hook]
Yeah! Ay when you see me, salute
Me like a general I'm leading the troops
I make this G shit look so easy to do
And when you see me salute
Commander-in-chief you can see I'm the truth
It don't matter whether the streets or the booth
When you see me salute
And when you see me salute
When you see me salute
You ain't gotta speak homie when you see me salute

[Verse 1]
Raise your right hand to your hairline
Stand that attention hold it there until you're recognized
Once I return the salutation then it’s at ease, as you were, no conversation
Well, and lets just sayin' what it do G
Decorated 5-star general a true G
Made it fresher off the battlefield
Rep it for my niggas in the battle still
Yea with more stripes then a jail suit
Been in the lead, trail who?
When I fail, through bitches standin their cells
Takin pictures wit their cells
And let me tell you som'n 'bout a playa
Put me anywhere in any jail
And I shall prevail
And if another man survived I shall as well
Now fuck rap got swag for sale
You crossed my path in the A or Brazil

[Hook]
Ay when you see me, salute
Me like a general I'm leading the troops
I make this G shit look so easy to do
And when you see me salute
Commander-in-chief you can see I'm the truth
It don't matter whether the streets or the booth
When you see me salute
And when you see me salute
When you see me salute
Yeah!, you ain't gotta speak homie when you see me salute

[Verse 2]
I abstain from the nonsense
Remain conscious
The idiots make idiotic comments
A convict wit a conscious
You lack moreals I can see your principles
And not what mines is
So I guess what makes me special
Just the gift and the curse
Like shit to get you rich at first
So put your dick in the dirt
That's why I don't gotta be the greatest of all time
As long as I keep it real in all my rhymes I'm fine
I ain't lying, give me mine and I'm satisfied
I'm just happy I got to make before my daddy died
And all things considered
Every time destiny called king delivered
None iller a young heart wit a old soul
Some hot hoes and a cold flow
And as far as keepin it real go
Homey when you need me
Don't forget the proper way to greet me

[Hook]
Ay when you see me, salute
Me like a general I'm leading the troops
I make this G shit look so easy to do
And when you see me salute
Commander-in-chief you can see I'm the truth
It don't matter whether the streets or the booth
When you see me salute
And when you see me salute
When you see me salute
You ain't gotta speak homie when you see me salute

[Verse 1]
I must be livin on a river
Called stupid
Cause the flow is dumb
Ice on blizzard nigga
I'm a walking cold front
Pretty woman with me with this swoll donk
All she do is roll blunts She don't smoke 'em though
Ass clappin fantastical just like after I close the show
Applaud baby, ya'll may be knowin 'bout this cold ho
Naw mean son Like New York niggas
Bothers them I may have fathered them
Child support, trigga

[Hook:]
Really I understand why nigga mad at me
Seem like all the women throw they ass at me
Sorry but you really know I ain't know
Doin' what I want yeah I'm doin what you can't ho
Everything I am is everything you ain't though
When I'm with your girl I'mma tell you what you ain't know
She jump up on this pole, swing around do your thing girl
And when you leave don't forget your ring girl
Don't forget your ring, don't forget your ring
Don't forget your ring, dont forget your ring
She jump on on this pole swing around do your thing girl
And when you leave baby don't forget your ring girl

[Verse 2]
No disrespect to you husbands
When I lay up with ya woman
We dont be kissin and snugglin'
She just be lickin and suckin'
I put the dick in like fuck it
You know what it is, you know what we did
But she don't come to my crib, I don't allow that
Bring that snow plow back, got some more ice
I need some liquor where the loud at
If life is just a beach this where a lot of niggas drown at
Nah this ain't no circus but i'll show you where the clowns at
Yea they over there, over here in this section
We fresher than a newborn, cut out of c-section
Yes man!
Thats what you got around you
Lost my fuckin' mind they break it down
And what I found ooh
Trigga world renowned
Who woulda predicted this im the illest shit to hit the fuckin mic
MC hit the lights, salt with the pepper black and white
What could be better right
She tell me push it push it
My lil spinderella
I got wine in the cellar
I got bank im no teller
If I bang then dont tell ya friend
Unless she tryna get it in
Losers im sure to win
Put that g code in again
Still im goin in to win
Im just in your lady friend
CHORUS

[Intro]
Yeah, ugh, yeah
1-2, 1-2, 1-2, ugh
1-2, 1-2, 1-2, ugh
Yeah, ugh
Yeah, ugh

[Verse 1]
Miss High Profile, caught you shoppin' on Canal (Yeah)
I guess it makes sense, it seems phony as your style
Your hair and your nails just as phony as your smile
Fake eyelashes, you drew your eyebrows
It make a brother ask, do you pride yourself?
Your makeup like a mask, tryna hide yourself
It seems on the outside, you thinking you the shit (Uh-huh)
But there's a soul that's inside that you don't even knew exist
So you so out of touch that the world mistreat you
Rich niggas fuck you and broke niggas beat you
Hope that this will reach you when you understand
That your value ain't determined by another man
'Cause right now you let them brothers get the upper hand
And you just tell 'em "Go deep" like Cunningham
And you just let 'em OD like Len Bias
And that pussy so good he let his friends try it

[Chorus]
Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance, yea uh
Losing your balance
Girl you losing your balance uh, yea
Don't slip and don't fall, uh
Just a get a grip my nigga, hold on, uh
Don't lose your balance (Yeah, ugh)
Don't lose your balance (Ugh)

[Verse 2]
I look around at my city, this is Sinville
That boy 11 years old and can inhale
Sometimes I ride around wonderin' if we in hell
Or why do cops love to throw a nigga in jail
I'm 'bout to lose it, I just had another friend killed (Damn)
Over some bullshit this cycle's like a windmill
I had a convo with my soul, I asked it "When will
This shit change?" It said, "Boy, just use them pen skills"
And so I write this for my niggas on the corner
Love you 'cause you my brother, so I feel I got to warn ya
This shit ain't set up for a young brother to advance
On that note, you niggas playing right into their hands
Damn, better get yourself some goals (Uh-huh), you niggas better dream (Yeah)
I know the hood raised you but it's bigger better things
And for those that passed, I need a moment of silence
Sssssshhhhh

[Chorus]
Yeah, and don't be losing your balance
Don't be losing your balance
Don't be losing your balance
My nigga, don't be losing your balance, uh, yeah
So don't slip and don't fall
Just a get a grip my nigga, hold on (Yeah)
Don't lose your balance (Ugh)
Don't lose your balance (Yeah)

[Verse 3]
Ugh, I got a thing for this little mama
She do it to me plus her brain is forreal, I'm a
Sucka for love I guess, won't catch her up in the club 'cause she ain't into that (Nah)
Kind of chick that rather rent a flick and get intimate
Say she never fuck with thug niggas only gentlemen
And yea that ass is fat but what's better is her intellect (Uh-huh)
Other men would sweat her when we walk past
Can't even blame 'em, did the same when I saw the ass
Matched with the thin waist, brown with a slim face
Love the conversation and the kicks was like a sensei
Now she got me chillin' with her all around the clock
My homies beefin' 'cause I never come around a lot
Keep on telling me I changed and things ain't the same
And ever since she came around I never want to hang (Ugh)
They tell me that it's foul how a chick can make me switch
But man I can't help it dawg, her mind got me whipped

[Chorus]
I think I'm losing my balance, uh
I think I'm losing my balance, yea
She got me losing my balance, uh
She got me losing my balance, yea
But I, I won't slip, nah, I won't fall, ugh
Just a get a grip and hold on, ugh
Losing my balance (Uh-huh)
Losing my balance
Uh, I am a distraction
Comin from my spot and I dont signal as I back in
If cash is beautiful, then money is attraction
Then I should be a motherfuckin’ centerfold of Maxim
Open to my page and admire my desire
Frequent flyer, I aspire to retire
My voice stands alone even if I’m with the choir
Got a cannon on my hip, but nigga, this is not Mariah
Na, this the record killer for hire
I sleep and eat with the weapon, the beat is all I require
Look I created, despite the niggas that hated
Every single bar gettin' first forty-eighted
In the state of euphoria feelin' so sedated
The me and bitch the same, we feel so related
Forest Hill estated, all dinners catered
I put a thousand on it, I could probably fuck the waitress
So, wait, just take this
Oone lie at a time, make sure it makes sense
White cup, orange pop, Tennessee state shit
Drop a four in it and then appreciate The Greatness, nigga

[Verse 2]
I wrote this verse sittin' in my new car
Sometimes where you headed is too far
It’s more about where you are
And I am, everywhere where that you wish you could be
Somebody, somewhere just really understood me
Yeah, I dream big, no false hope
My other niggas move keys, no off notes
But understand rich is how we're all ending up
I’m at the label in the elevator, send 'em up!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare, ha

[Verse 1: The Game]
Weezy Baby, tell 'em we amazin'
Better yet an Army, the U.S. Navy
Then tell Slim, I was raised on Cash Money
They can't kick me out of shit, I ain't Dame Dash dummy
I'm the ( ) pass a hundred in that red Ferrari
Me and Weezy Blood brothers, we got red Ferraris
Red tops in the hood, red tops on Bacardi
Red tops on top models at the after party
Before S dot Carter was Brooklyn's step-father
I was getting G money like Nino at the Carter
I was just a baby, like the face on the third Carter
Even had a baby face, like Tracy Evan's baby father
Nigga, so you know what I mean
When I say I get the money like a money machine, yeah
I'm in L.A. Gasol-in'
But when I'm in New Orleans, you can call it Chris Paul-in'

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare, ha

[Verse 2: Lil' Wayne]
Okay, holla at ya blood
It's Big Dog Weezy, in that big dog breezin'
With the wig off, it ain't easy to go this hard
But Weezy go this hard, like pussy right in front me
I get pussy, I get money, I don't get none of ya'll niggas
Like two, three, I'm after every one of ya'll niggas
What am I saying? I'm ahead of all of ya'll niggas
And mine gon' shine like Armor All hit us
Hah! I wear that chopper like a uniform
You bitch niggas never see me like a unicorn
Who the boy make the girls go crazy
I got that Red Magic, unbelievable, amazin'
Hey, it's a beautiful day
I'm feelin' like the father of a sun ray
Like Jamie, Foxx or box like Floyd May'
If the weather right, I play the red box Porsche-ay
C'mon

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare, ha

[Verse 3: The Game]
We in the house like a home invasion
And this time I'm gon' shine like the chrome on Dayton's
You can wait on Detox or you can have more patience
Baby sip that patrone as we get wasted
Weezy, we sip lean, me I just taste it
We be soakin' up syrup like a waffle house apron
Infrared beam go back to the basement
I'mma street king, ask dude from the Matrix
Yeah, Cash Money in the basement
Me and Slim like the Hot Boys with a face lift
Translation, it's Freddy versus Jason
Who your favorite rapper, me and Weezy will erase them
And if they gettin' money then, we will paper chase them
With beams that glow in the dark like Kanye's stage shit
Then we highjackin' Kanye's spaceship
And land it on the Red Carpet at the VMA's bitch

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare, ha

[Bridge: Sample from 2Pac's "To Live and Die in LA"]
To live and die in LA, it's the place to be
You gotta be there to know it, where everybody wanna see
To live and die in LA, it's the place to be
You gotta be there to know it, where everybody wanna see
To live and die in LA
To live and die in LA
To live and die in LA
To live and die in LA

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Red Porsches, red portraits
Red guns if you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare come near the fortress
Don't you dare, ha

[Produced by Black Elvis and Polow Da Don]

[Verse 1: Usher]
Ay, girl, yeah, you the business
So what the business?
Don't be shy, I'm just talking to you, girl
Aye, ma, yo, where your man at?
I know you got that
'Cause you too fine to be single out here, girl
He at home but he done fucked up
I swooped his girl up
And what I'm about do to you, he'll feel I did him wrong
'Cause I'm about to have a menage with his lady
And some freaks at the bar who like fucking with a star
I told her...

[Chorus: Usher]
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You go get some girls and bring them to me
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak
Be my little freak, be my little freak
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak

[Verse 2: Usher]
Hey, girl, I see you like that
You getting excited
And you rocking like a pro with it, girl
By the way, you got right on that
With the chick you wanted
And now you in the corner, kissing on a girl
I'm about to have a menage with these here ladies
Look at those freaks at the bar, yeah, they looking for a star

[Chorus: Usher]
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You go get some girls and bring them to me
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak
Be my little freak, be my little freak
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Excuse me, little mama, but you could say I'm on duty
I'm looking for a cutie, a real big old ghetto booty
I really like your kitty cat, and if you let me touch her
I know you're not a bluffer, I'll take you to go see Usher
I keep a couple hoes, like Santa, I keep a vixen
Got that Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Dixon, Comet, Cupid, Donner, Blitzen
I'm hotter than a hundred degrees
A lot of bread, no sesame seeds
If I'm in your city, I'm signing them tig-ole-bitties
I'm plotting on how I can take Cassie away from Diddy
The girls want a Minaj, yeah, they wetter than a rainman
Usher, buzz me in, everybody loves Raymond

[Chorus: Usher]
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You go get some girls and bring them to me
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak
Be my little freak, be my little freak
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak
If you're coming with me, really coming with me
You let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
This is the Carter muthafucka, yeah
And in my building, I must keep it real

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
And man I miss the times
We would shine, you would keep on your side
You would teach me how to ride
And you would teach me how to pride
Then we'd get on the line and go over our lines
We were in the same position
And that's when you changed position, shit
I never changed and I miss ya, and it's strange
But I never forget ya
Though that ain't you with them bitches homie
And I know that ain't you wit that dissin on me, that's why I
Never replied and never will, just let em live phony
If ya ever died, I swear to God, I got yo kids homie
What's mine is theirs, I gotta give homie, and yea
We still a army in this bitch homie
Yeah Cash Money still the shit homie, shit, homie!
What's really real is you feelin me nigga
That Hot Boy shit still in me nigga, word to giggity nigga
And I ain't got time to speak the history
I miss you and I know you missin me, Gizzle, but

[Chorus: Reel]
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And I remember when you came to the clique
I had already made my name in the clique
But you got famous and shit
I got my soulja rag and dangled my shit
I was honored just to hang wit you, shit
And I banged to the boogie-bang-bang with ya clique
And I ain't even from the 3, my hood was angry at me, shit
But I rose to my feet, played the post with the heat
At them shows while you performed and posed
I was waitin for a nigga to jump, see I was patient
But was ready to dump, cuz you my brother, chump
Real Gs never buckle up
But every family ain't filled wit gangstas that's real
And that's real and I would never turn my back
Or turn ya down, even if you turned around, muthafucka
But history is history
I miss you and I know you missin me, Juvie, but

[Chorus: Reel]
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
You was my nigga, my nerve, my joy, my hurt
My main muthafuckin man Turk (oh!)
My other, my partner, I was teacher, he was father
I skilled, he schooled, we chilled, we moved
We thug, we hung, we ate, we slept
We lived, we died, I stayed, you LEFT!
Remember how we played to the left?
And we stayed out of trouble 'cause we stayed to our self
'Member Slim and B would leave and hand the keys over?
Tell us not to go Uptown and we went straight to tha Nolia
While I watched you reunite wit yo souljas
And yo mom and brothers, while I lied to the Stunna
Yeah, those were the times my brother
Now I recognize real and I eye my brother
Yeah, nigga, Semaj my brother, the Sqad's my brother
The niggas you left behind is my brothers!

[Chorus: Reel]
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again
Man, I miss my dawgs, many nights club poppin
Many nights we were blowin trees, many nights we were hustlin
Man I miss my dawgs, me and you through thick and thin
Me and you through the very end, for only you I'll sin again

[Hook 1: Lil Wayne]
Now shawty got a man, but I got a plan
Look, homie, I ain't trying to force your hand
But I'ma take your girl
I'ma take your girl

[Hook 2: Drake]
And I can tell you, she wants me
She wants me, she wants me, she wants me
And yes I want her too
I'ma take your girl

[Verse 1: Drake]
I swear to you every time I sees her, I seizure
Keep running through my mind, jog my memories; amnesia
Touch ya, tease ya, nervous? don't freeze up
She let me take control, I run a woman like a Visa
She always run back to me saying he's a
Dog off the leash, he got this other girl Alicia
She tell me she's in hell, I tell her take a breather
I'm nothing like your man, but I can't love you neither
It's wifey over bitches, but money's over her
Cause money's under nothing, my life is such a blur
It's not the way it has to go, it' just what I prefer
And any Young Money nigga I know would concur
Weezy talk to 'em!

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
And she wants me, she wants me yeah
And I want her too, yeah! I want her too

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I'm talkin' 'bout shawty got something about her
Shawty got this thing about her
Shawty got that thing that make you wannna wrap a ring around her
Wanna rap and sing about her
So thats what I does, shit that's what it was
They rub my back in the tub it was me
Yeah, we all buddies
And shawty gots a husband, and everyone knows bout him
But, Fuck him

[Hook 2: Lil Wayne]
And I can tell you, she wants me
She wants me, she wants me, she wants me
And yes I want her too
I'ma take your girl

[Hook 1: Drake]
Shawty got a man, but I got a plan
Listen, homie, I ain't trying to force your hand
But I'ma take your girl
I'ma take your girl

[Bridge: Drake]
And her girls and they girls
Comin' with me yeah, talkin' one on three yeah
They ain't playin no D yeah
Thats cause they playin for me yeah

[Verse 3: Kid-Kid]
Just as long as we know whats good on both ends
I'm loving ya like I'm ya man though we just friends
If ya shy come see me for ya comfortin'
I got a comfortable suite at the Comfort Inn
I tell her
I don't own a boat baby but I can float
And I don't own a plane but there's a mary jane and we can float
Your man ain't worrying about what's going on over here
You could get penalized the way you blowin' below the rear
Now this game like a analog I don't sweat cause it show how fake you are
She stressin', ya she testin' ya, she just tryin' to see what kinda level ya on
You don't make it bounce like a basketball, you ain't even get no ass at all
Now you sittin at the club trying to laugh it off, she done found her mid glam boy
You messin up, you messed up, wasn't easy to clean your Mess up
She found me and I blessed her, I applied to her pressure
She call me a professor, I went gave her her lecture
I bet she says I'm better, than her man was ever

[Hook 1: Drake]
Shawty got a man, but I got a plan
Look, homie, I ain't trying to force your hand
But I'ma take your girl
I'ma take your girl

[Hook 2: Lil Wayne] (x2)
And I can tell you, she wants me
She wants me, she wants me, she wants me
And yes I want her too
I'ma take your girl

[Intro: T-Pain]
Nappy Boy ooh-wee, ooh-wee
Everybody say yeah, oh oh oh
Hey, ay-ay-ay-ay

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
We've been messin 'round for a long time, a while now
And you already know what's on my mind, it's goin down now
And I don't need no background music girl, I'll turn it up loud now
I got the gangsta feelin'
And I'mma do somethin' to you, to you, to you
We can take it over to The Bay, where my Mistah FAB at?
Or just put on that N.W.A, comin' *Straight Outta Compton* on that pussy, baby
Or we can do it all night long, I'm 'bout to have yo' head gone
And I ain't doin nothin' wrong, but we can make love to a rap song

[Hook: T-Pain]
Me and you, yo' momma and yo' cousin
Baby we can make love to a rap song
A milli, a milli, a milli, a motherfucker I'm ill
Baby we can make love to a rap song
Go shawty, it's your birthday
We gon' party like it's your birthday
Where that new Jeezy CD? Put on that Yo Gotti
I'm diggin in your coochie while we're listenin to Gucci on a rap song

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
And you been on my mind all day, I know you're with it
And I'mma do you like Kanye, cause "I'ma let you finish" (I'ma let you finish)
You can get it or we can do it East Coast style, and I'll keep on my fitted
I said I got the gangsta feelin
I feel like breakin you off, you off, you off
Or we can take it way down South, Rick Ross on the iPad (cause you the Boss's girl)
Super thick thighs
And your booty like Bombs Over Baghdad
Wait, hold up, she got a donk, she got a donk
She got a donk, I'm 'bout to have yo' head gone
And I ain't doin nothin wrong, but we can make love to a rap song

[Hook: T-Pain]
Me and you, yo' momma and yo' cousin
Baby we can make love to a rap song
A milli, a milli, a milli, a motherfucker I'm ill
Baby we can make love to a rap song
Go shawty, it's your birthday
We gon' party like it's your birthday
Where that new Jeezy CD? Put on that Yo Gotti
I'm diggin in your coochie while we're listenin to Gucci on a rap song

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
My jeans sag, boy got a mean swag
Right now you're rockin' with the finest, and I mean that
Really, you the finest, and I mean that
Pants fitted, damnit, where your jeans at?
Makin love to a rap song
"Port of Miami," "Trilla," "Deeper Than Rap,"
Like Akon, we can stack it all up
Or do you like I'm Juvi', make you back it all up
That's all shorty ever was, Balenciaga bags cost a couple bucks
Hot Is all shorty ever been
Blow a couple racks in Barney's on that Phillip Lim
Ballin, it's ya birthday
You know that champagne'll get your boy to first base
Haters do they thing, but we do it bigger
Number one niggas, Rozay and that boy Teddy Pender

[Hook x2: T-Pain]
Me and you, yo' momma and yo' cousin
Baby we can make love to a rap song
A milli, a milli, a milli, a motherfucker I'm ill
Baby we can make love to a rap song
Go shawty, it's your birthday
We gon' party like it's your birthday
Where that new Jeezy CD? Put on that Yo Gotti
I'm diggin in your coochie while we're listenin to Gucci on a rap song

[Intro: Alicia Keys]
If you ask me, I'm ready...

[Verse 1: Drake & Alicia Keys]
Ugh, Tez keeps tellin' me he just turned 30
Havin' dreams of bein' single forever, he's gettin' worried
And I'm scared too, 'cause I'm in the same boat
Good women are rare too, none of them have came close
Me I haven't changed much, you know how I play it
Better safe than sorry
'Stead of searchin' for substance at every single party
Baby, bein' part of this life
I feel like I'm bound to end up with somebody that's been with everybody
I need you to rescue me from my destiny
I'm tryna live right and give you whatever's left of me (yeah)
'Cause you know life is what we make it
And a chance is like a picture, it'd be nice if you just take it
Or let me take it for you, I'm just down to ride
Or we can roll around the city 'til you finally decide
I've got more than a thing for you, tattoo and an ink for you
Right over my heart, girl, I'll do the unthinkable

[Verse 2: Alicia Keys & Drake]
Moment of honesty
Someone's gotta take the lead tonight
Who's it gonna be?
I'm gonna sit right here
And tell you all that comes to me
If you have somethin' to say
You should say it right now
You should say it right now
You ready?

[Pre-Chorus: Alicia Keys & Drake]
You give me a feelin' that I've never felt before
And I deserve it, I think I deserve it
I deserve it, I think I deserve it, let it go
It's becoming somethin' that's impossible to ignore
And I can't take it
I can't take it

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
I was wonderin', maybe, could I make you my baby?
If we do the unthinkable, would it make us look crazy?
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)

[Verse 3: Alicia Keys]
I know you once said to me
"This is exactly how it should feel when it's meant to be"
Time is only wastin', so why wait for eventually?
If we gon' do somethin' 'bout it
We should do it right now
We should do it right now
Baby, uh

[Pre-Chorus: Alicia Keys & Drake]
You give me a feelin' that I've never felt before
And I deserve it, I know I deserve it
I deserve it, I know I deserve it, let it go
It's becoming somethin' that's impossible to ignore
It is what we make it

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
I was wonderin', maybe, could I make you my baby?
If we do the unthinkable, would it make us look crazy?
Or would it be so beautiful? Either way, I'm sayin'...
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)

[Bridge: Alicia Keys]
Yeah, yeah
Sing...
Why give up before we try?
Feel the lows before the highs
Clip our wings before we fly away (fly away)
I can't say I came prepared
I'm suspended in the air
Won't you come be in the sky with me?

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
I was wonderin', maybe, could I make you my baby?
If we do the unthinkable, would it make us look crazy?
Or would it be so beautiful? Either way, I'm sayin'...
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)
If you ask me, I'm ready (I'm ready, I'm ready)

[Verse 1: Eminem as Dr. Dre]
My motto is live by the bottle
So why is my supply low, bring in a truckload with a high-low
Stay grounded but I still reach for the sky though
Ghetto idol I think, but what do I know
Shit I know a lot more than I should
The hood stood by me just like I thought it would
Dont act like I'm Hollywood when I probably could
I don't polly, Mohammed Ali of rap, I don't lolly gag
West Coast, the home of the body-bag
The shotty, the Mag Los Angeles, where the party at
You can catch me anywhere where there's Bacardi at
Yeah, Andre is back so have a cardiac
Started back with the black Raiders starter cap
Gangsta rap, we practically fuckin' started that
Everyday with this game I'm gettin' smarter at
Sky's the limit so everytime I get on a track

[Hook: Dr. Dre]
Guns blaze when I shine
Nigga wish quick, no startin' I'm the shootin' kind
Front page all the time
You boys think sick but I ain't got no roof on mine
I drink topless, I live topless
Like my girl is the game with her titties out
I drink topless, I live topless
Sky’s the limit I’m paid to run the city now

[Verse 2: Nas]
Your skin's your travelin' bag of your existence
Yours is shabby and scab while mines glistenin'
Vivid on my skin how many continents I’ve visit then
You could journey with me to different places by listenin'
Shittin' on 'em, ya brother got it covered
We can slug it, knuckle it however you want I love it
A hustler's wit, the grit the grind
My genetic code make-up, murderer by design
On mayan calendar time when night meets day
I’m in a light grey Bugatti like a high-speed chase
Adrenaline like jogger the jump in rope in place
The Muhammad Ali hobbies no pilates tryna keep the ocean by me
Hit a rich man’s wife see what these hoes can buy me
Lookin' forward but it’s nice to see the road behind me
Hotel’s a seven star, baguette's glowin'
Keep your lid yet dawg the private jet boeing topless

[Hook]

[Intro]
Kenny Hamilton, tell them how it is
Okay, we better do this again, the official version
This ain't none of that YouTube stuff man
DJ Tay James, we know the DJ.com
Shout out to my homeboy JB, it's Kenny Mac
We finna do this, Omaha Mall 2010
Let's show you how we about to get in, hey
Let's go

[Chorus]
Omaha mall, Omaha mall
You know that we ball at the Oma-ha mall
Omaha mall, Omaha mall
You know that we ball at the Omaha mall, mall, mall, mall, mall

[Verse 1]
Yeah, I ball Omaha mall, 5 feet tall but I still do it all
Yeah I get it in, take them Benjamins, then I spend it all at the Omaha mall
Yeah we're in a mall, mall, we are doing it huge
We are spending cash, looking for some sick shoes
Yeah we're at the mall, mall, yeah we're in my world, world
Yeah we got our shoes and now we're looking for some girls, girls
Omaha mall, yeah this beat rocks
Yeah we're rolling down the mall, trying to find a G-Shock
Yo, there some girls, they look good from afar
But you never know at the Omaha mall
I've been to LA, New York, I've done it all
But none of it compares to the Omaha mall

[Chorus]
Omaha mall, Omaha mall
You know that we ball at the Omaha mall
You know I'mma star, you know I'mma star
You know, that we ball at the Omaha mall
You know I'mma star, you know I'mma star
You know that we ball at the Omaha mall

[Interlude]
You already know what it is
WeknowtheDJ.com, DJ Tay James
Ry Good, tell them what it is shawty

[Verse 2]
Omaha mall, Omaha mall
See how we ball at the Omaha mall
Now we're at the food court tryna get some Sbarro's
Hey there, Justin, you got a dollar I can borrow? Yeah I do
Maybe get a burger, a sweet-n-sour chicken
Now I'm walking out cause it's so finger-licking
Hey, girl we're balling, yeah, girl we're balling
What did I just say? Yeah, we're Omaha malling
Shift my attention
Now, I'm 'bout to go to Baby Gap
Get my little sister something
Maybe a sweet Baby Gap cap, cap, cap, cap, cap, cap
Wait, hold on, we might as well go to Livs

[Chorus]
Omaha mall, Omaha mall
You know that we ball at the Omaha mall
Omaha mall, Omaha mall
You know that we ball at the Omaha mall, mall, mall, mall, mall, ball, ball, ball, ball

[Verse 1]
I don't have to leave anymore
What I have is right here
Spend my nights and days before
Searching the world for what's right here

[Verse 2]
Underneath and unexplored
Islands and cities I have looked
Here I saw
Something I couldn't over look

[Chorus]
I am yours now
So now I don't ever have to leave
I've been found out
So now I'll never explore
See what I've done

[Verse 3]
That bridge is on fire
Going back to where I've been
I'm froze by desire
No need to leave

[Verse 4]
Where would I be
If this were to go under?
It's a risk I'd take
I'm froze by desire
As if a choice I'd make

[Chorus]
I am yours now
So now I don't ever have to leave
I've been found out
So now I'll never explore

[Outro]
So now I'll never explore
See what I've done

[Intro: Chris Brown]
I don't see how you can hate from outside of the club
You can't even get in!
Hahaha
Leggo

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Yellow model chick, yellow bottle sippin'
Yellow Lamborghini, yellow top missin'
Yeah, yeah, that shit look like a toupée
I get what you get in ten years in two days
Ladies love me, I'm on my Cool J
If you get what I get, what would you say?
She wax it all off, Mr. Miyagi
And them suicide doors, hari-kari

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Look at me now, look at me now (Oh)
I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now (Oh), look at me now (Yeah)
Fresher than a muh'fucka

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Lil' nigga, bigger than gorilla
'Cause I'm killin' every nigga that can try to be on my shit
Better cuff your chick if you with her, I can get her
And she accidentally slip and fall on my dick
Oops, I said "On my dick"
I ain't really mean to say "On my dick"
But since we talkin' about my dick
All of you haters say hi to it
I'm done

[Interlude: Busta Rhymes]
Ayo, Breezy
Let me show you how to keep the dice rollin'
When you're doin' that thing over there, homie
(Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Let's go!

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
'Cause I'm feelin' like I'm runnin'
And I'm feelin' like I gotta get away, get away, get away
Better know that I don't and I won't ever stop
'Cause you know I gotta win everyday-day (Go)
See, they really really wanna pop me (Blow)
Just know that you will never flop me (Oh)
And I know that I can be a little cocky (No)
You ain't never gonna stop me
Every time I come, a nigga gotta set it
Then I gotta go, and then I gotta get it (Woo)
Then I gotta blow, and then I gotta show that
Any little thing a nigga think that he be doin' (Ooh-ooh)
'Cause it doesn't matter, 'cause I'm gonna da-da-da-da (Damn)
Then I'm gonna murder everything and anything
A ba-da-boom, a ba-da-bing, I gotta do a lotta things
That make it clearer to a couple niggas
That I always win and then I gotta get it again and again and then again
And I be doin' it to death
And now I move a little foul, a nigga better call a ref'
And everybody know my style and niggas know that I'm the best
When it come to doin' this and I be bangin' on my chest
And I bang in the East and I'm bangin' in the West
And I come to give you more and I will never give you less
You will hear it in the street or you could read it in the press
Do you really wanna know what's next? (Let's go!)
See the way we on and then we all up in the race
And you know we gotta go, don't try to keep up with the pace
And we strugglin' and hustlin' and sendin' in and gettin'
And we always gotta do it, take it to another place
Gotta taste it, and I gotta grab it
And I gotta cut all through this traffic
Just to be at the top of the throne
Better know I gotta have it (Have it)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Look at me now, look at me now (Oh)
I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now (Oh), look at me now (Yeah)
Fresher than a muh'fucka

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Man, fuck these bitch-ass niggas, how y'all doin'?
I'm Lil Tunechi, I'm a nuisance
I go stupid, I go dumb like the Three Stooges
I don't eat sushi, I'm the shit
No, I'm pollution, no substitution
Got a bitch that play in movies in my jacuzzi, pussy juicy
I never gave a fuck about a hater
Got money on my radar, dressed like a skater
Got a big house, came with an elevator
You niggas ain't eatin', fuck it, tell a waiter
Marley said "shoot 'em", and I said "okay"
If you wanted bullshit, then I'm like, "¡Olé!"
I don't care what you say, so don't even speak
Your girlfriend a freak like Cirque Du Soleil
That's word to my flag, and my flag red
I'm out of my head, bitch, I'm outta my mind
From the bottom I climb, you ain't hotter than mine
(Nope) Not on my time, and I'm not even tryin'
What's poppin', slime? Nothin', five
And if they trippin', fuck 'em, five
I ain't got no time to shuck and jive
These niggas as sweet as pumpkin pie
CîROC and Sprite on a private flight
Bitch, I been tight since Guiding Light
And my pockets right, and my diamonds white
And my momma's nice, and my daddy's dead
You faggots scared 'cause I'm too wild
Been here for a while, I was like, "Fuck trial"
I puts it down, I'm so Young Money
If you got eyes, look at me now, bitch!

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Look at me now, look at me now (Haha! Oh)
I'm gettin' paper
Look at me now (Haha! Oh), look at me now (Yeah)
I'm fresher than a muh'fucka

[Outro: Chris Brown]
Okay
Okay
Is that right?
I'm fresher than a muh'fuc—!
Yo, Ice
The organization say they can't stay in business with us any longer
What you gonna do?

[Ice-T]
We always knew we were gonna come to this point sooner or later
We have absolutely no option but to move forward
We'll have to set up our own distribution, manufacturing
Run a totally indipendent organization and operation
We still got our connections in Texas, Miami, New York, Chicago
Detroit, and soldiers on the street willing to die
I can't put any cut on the product
I just can't live like that
But from now on if any cops get in our way

[Gun shots]

[Ice-T]
Turn up the mic dog, so I can get off
Find me Charlton Heston and I might cut his head off
I'm not to be fucked with
Step in the range of my Gauge and get bucked quick
Niggas, hoes, I don't know who you are, my friends or foes
Smile in my face and plot to kill me behind doors
I got a new attitude, no trust
Got me in a corner all a nigga can do is bust
It may be you
There's gonna be a lot of dead before I'm through
I'm 'bout to break off niggas who play me and dis' me
Try to switch from side to side like they whip me
The damage is done
Source Magazine, you're the first one
You try to dis Chuck, Cube and me
How the fuck you pick us 3?
You punk motherfuckers ain't shit, you're just a bunch of hoes
Makin' money off the pros
And when I see I get you in my sights
I give your ass a story to write
Cause it's on
It's on

[Hook: Ice-T]
It's on motherfucker and you can't turn the shit off
Catch you in the streets and your ass'll get tossed
Bang! Bang! Bang! Cause it ain't no thang
To put in work and watch your head burst

[Ice-T]
A lot of fans ain't shit
Let me repeat
A lot of fans ain't shit
Quick to flip if our group don't hit
They don't make you nothin but a pop ho bitch
And I don't need ya
I love to bleed ya
All I ever wanted was a real nigga's praise
But the sad motherfuckin' fact
Is that ain't that many real motherfuckers these days
Game knows game I know too many true players to name
And I can make it in the music or the street game
I still got hoes that'll work, still got crews that'll hit
Still roll with an extra clip
And those who think they'll stop me, doubt it
Those motherfuckers better think about it
You'd best to let me rap
Ice back on the streets?
You don't want that
Cause I break ill
And you'll really have to Body Count the cops I'll kill, it's on

[Hook: Ice-T]
It's on motherfucker and you can't turn the shit off
Catch you in the streets and your ass'll get tossed
Bang! Bang! Bang! Cause it ain't no thing
To put in work and watch your body jerk
It's on

[Ice-T]
It's on motherfucker you goddamn right
It's on, my royalty cheque, yeah, fool, I write my own
I own my own label put my own shit out
So no one tells me what the fuck to talk about
And all the suckas that said I was through
You need to wake up to my view
I'm fallen off
Ha! Ha! That's a joke!
You motherfuckers are still unknown and broke
And I'm stankin' rich
My fuckin maid lives better than you, bitch
So shut your trap
When it comes to this level of game, you don't know jack
CIA, FBI, IRS
Try those letters out for sweat
But they'll never sweat you son
Cause you're broke and you're dumb and you're no threat to no one
Them fools don't play
I gotta deal with those motherfuckers every day
They'd love to get me behind bars
They hawk a nigga like I'm Carlos Escobar
But in a way I am
Been puttin dope on the street for years and don't give a damn
So I'm thinkin about them, friend
The real motherfuckin gangstas wanna see me end
It's gonna end up in a bloodbath, no doubt
That's the only way I'm going out, it's on

[Hook: Ice-T]
It's on
It's on motherfucker and you can't turn the shit off
Catch you in the streets and your ass'll get tossed
Bang! Bang! Bang! Cause it ain't no thing
To put in work and watch your head burst
It's on

[Verse 1]
Sometimes I dream bigger than I live
Sometimes I think better when I’m lit
So go head and light it
Roll it up, ignite it
One time for all my niggas that dreamed it then real life’d it!
I swear I’ve been through everything in life but a coffin
They say sky’s the limit, how bitch? I’m moonwalking!
And my middle name Michael ho
Success is my idol and being broke is my rival
But it’s cool because I got the title ho
See I just want my fantasies in real life
You got everything tell me what it feel like
Muthafuck the radio if I can’t hear mine
They give the wrong niggas more airtime than airlines
Is you feeling me?
If not you feel my energy
See I know I’mma make it, but even if I don’t
Don’t feel bad cuz honestly all these times that I had
Those will be the best memories

[Hook]
Be the best memories
I hope that you remember me
These will be the best memories
Ooooh ohho ooooooooo
Cause in the end all you really have is memories
Ooooh ohho ooooooooo

[Verse 2]
Are you willing to give up what you love for who you love
Or lose your girlfriend to groupie love
Everywhere I go I get a group of hugs
That's what happens when they need connections and you the plug
How many trends you gotta set til' you considered great?
How many missed calls til' you considered fake?
How many dreams before its considered fate?
I’m eating in a world where I’m considered bait
A workaholic addicted to bills
People addicted to me cuz they addicted to real
My best friend got addicted to pills
I can’t look at him in his eyes, you don’t know how that shit feels mentally!
I ain't trying to rock no shirts that say “in memory”
I’m praying that he make it, wishin' we could go back
Cause honestly all the times that we had
Those be the best memories…

[Hook]
Be the best memories
I hope that you remember me
These will be the best memories
Ooooh ohho ooooooooo
Cause in the end all you really have is memories
Ooooh ohho ooooooooo

[Verse 3]
Sometimes reality checks are too big to be cashed
Was mailed one when I heard Nique had died in that crash
Seemed like yesterday I just seen him smile and laugh
I’m stressing over little shit
When I should be happy I can
They say my music beating, cause I follow my heart
I always have faith, like who swallows the darts
And with my Mama looking at cribs that we can’t purchase
Houses bigger than a palace
But she a queen, so she deserve it
So I’m focused, they try to throw me off track
But they just hurdles
I’m marathoning to the money and you just running off in a circle
Man, I’m huddled up with my team, in other words my inner circle
Fast forward a few years later
Now we the fucking winner’s circle
Remember the first time I was rhyming for Kan’
Almost as nervous as the first time I rhymed for my mom
Sold out the theater downtown, she said it was perfect
But I already dreamed it
So it felt like I rehearsed it
Much as my grandma took care of me since I was birthed
Sad I used to steal $20 bill right out her purses
No I ain’t perfect, tryna make a gift out of a curse
Life out of a hearse
And if I die, of course I have the memories..

[Hook]
Be the best memories
I hope that you remember me
These will be the best memories
Ooooh ohho ooooooooo
Cause in the end all you really have is memories
Ooooh ohho ooooooooo

[Intro]
See you later, incredibly hot chick! Come back any time and do sexual things, like how we were just doing. Oh hey! Uh, ok, this is a new rap. Um, I'm Bo Burnham. This one is just straight wordplay, no gimmicks, just lyricism. Drop that beat, honey
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Walking my poodles, man it never gets old
When my dog's on the leash I got bitches on the hold
A first A.I.D.S. kit? That's a rhesus monkey
I bust more nuts than a pistachio junkie
I get more ass than a giant donkey stable
Got more lines than Whitney Houston's coffee table
I get more head than grammar school lice
I'm like a walking glacier, I'm so decked out with ice
Did you poop a virgin, 'cause that shit is tight
Jack ain't Black and Barry ain't White
I do drugs in the bedroom
Lie on your back
'Cause I gots the pipe and you gots the crack
And though I'm sexually straight, you're bound to find
I'm mentally gay, 'cause I'll blow your mind
The parents be snickering, "He shouldn't have written it,"
But I'm constipated--couldn't give a shit

[Refrain]
My name is Bo, fo sho, a born Bostonian
Aryan librarian and the wordsmith--sonian
The rap is scattered, it has its ingenuity
I gave it this little part to give it continuity

[Verse 2]
And the fellas say, "Hey moron, pass the gin,"
'Cause I'm an oxymoron breathing oxygen
Give me the bottle, I'll chug two thirds
'Cause you bitches know fractions speak louder than words
And the ladies say, "Hey fellas, I'm keeping it tight
And if you play your cards right, you can have me tonight
Should I blow you or beat you, brass or percussion
Oh stop, period, end of discussion

[Refrain]
My name is Bo, fo sho, a born Bostonian
Aryan librarian and the wordsmith--sonian
The rap is scattered, it has its ingenuity
I gave it this little part to give it continuity

[Interlude]
Walking through the garden with food at my feet
Picked up the celery but dropped the beet
And then I picked it up
Yeah
Listen

[Outro]
We're in the hood, I'll take what you give me
Was Einstein's theory good? Relatively
A smart queen's kingdom? It doesn't mix
Illiterate literates, a bunch of Moby Dicks
Get thee to a punnery, oh just a feel yah
Take you with a condom, stainless steel yah
Half a pound of turkey breast, half a pound of chicken tits
Why are only crackers staying at the Ritz?
Poverty, racism, isn't it strange? Only the homeless are begging for change
A shocked Sherlock. What, son? Rosa Parks didn't call shotgun
Here's a bit of irony: a Ford Focus driver's got A.D.D
How'd I come to master all of these things?
Like a tampon thief, I had to pull some strings
I had to pull some strings!

That's a rap!

[Intro: Timbaland]
Yeeeah, remix!

[Verse 1: Timbaland]
How you want it I got it, a million a slow
I’m like a drug dealer, come and get it then go
Get it get it girl get it on the floor
I got that good what I give ya going go
Whether you rhyme slow or the beat fast
I beat the breaks off the beat pad
Them hoes like "Timbo, he’s bad"
Bitch, I never love ya off your knee pad
VA Beach the best that I could be reached at
Want a number one hit?
Bring your pen and your weed stash
Quick flipping up SexyBack
Top of the charts nigga that’s where we at
Where ya at? Boost mobile
I’m Nextel, you heard chirp
My records sell yes sir, my records sell, yes sir

[Hook: Justin Timberlake & Jay-Z]
We running that show all around the globe
But you ain’t gotta act like you know, we give it to ya
It’s just that every word that comes outta your mouth
Some old bitch that we did before, we give it to ya
Now I don’t know if you was trying to check
But did you check us at the top of the game? We give it to ya
It’s us, not you, get used to it girl
Cause that shit just ain’t gonna change, we give it to ya, uh-uh
Hahahaha! Shit is funny to me Timbo!

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
If anybody got a problem with me, y'all come get me
I ain't hiding, y'all ain't riding
I ain't got a problem in the world nigga, thorough nigga
Represent the borough nigga, B.K. all day
Man up, girl-nigga, I don't give a fuck
Buck-buck, die, nigga, you ain't my nigga
Slow dreaming up ways to help you niggas die quicker
Ha, quicker-ha, laughing all the way to the top
Two hundred milli in cash, thirty-five mill in stock
I diddy bop like Diddy
Back when Biggie cock-eyes hypnotized the masses
Behind Versace glasses, Coogi sweaters, Pelle leathers
I been doing this for forever, so whatever
However, wherever, whenever (whenever)
Why-ever? I back down never (I'll never)
Actions speak louder than words
You ain't heard it from me, I'm a motherfucking verb

[Hook: Justin Timberlake]
We running that show all around the globe
But you ain’t gotta act like you know, we give it to ya
It’s just that every word that comes outta your mouth
Some old bitch that we did before, we give it to ya, uh
Now I don’t know if you was trying to check
But did you check us at the top of the game? We give it to ya
It’s us, not you, get used to it, bruh
Cause that shit just ain’t gon' change, we give it to ya, uh

[Interlude: Timbaland]
Ha, ah, clap, come on
Uh, uh, clap, come on
Uh, uh, clap uh-huh
Uh, clap, come on
We on top of the world!
JT! Timbo! Jay-Z!
Give it to me, ha ha, ha ha
Give it to me, ha ha, ha ha
Give it to me (We ain't gon stop right here)
Give it to me (I'm number one, baby)
Give it to me (O-on the top of the charts)
Give it to me (Number one in U.K.)
Give it to me (Number one in U.S.)
Give it to me (Me and Danja, hey!)
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha
Ha ha, hee hee (Give it to me yo)
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha
Ha ha, hee hee (Give it to me)
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha
Ha ha, hee hee (Give it to me)

[Outro: Timbaland]
Marcella, I'm gon' slide it on out now
Gon' do ya lil mix thang to it
And we'll send it through bluetooth to the airwaves
I know y'all looking for it...
Bitches

[Intro: Drake]
Y'all ready to have some fun?

[Chorus: Swizz Beatz & Drake]
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh? (Let's go)
Go, a go 'head (Go, go, go, a go, go)
Go, a go, go 'head (Go, go, go, a go, go)
A go, go, go, go, go, go 'head
A go, go, go, go, go, a go 'head
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh? (You gotcha)
Nail done, hair done, everything did (Gotcha)
Na-na-nails done, hair done, everything did (Oh)
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy huh? Oh, you fancy, huh? (You gotcha)
Nail done, hair done, everything did
Na-na-nails done, hair done, everything did (Oh)
Oh, you fancy, huh?

[Interlude: Drake, Swizz Beatz & Choir]
LA, let me see your hands
Telling that the night 

[?]
And she bought it, let 'em know that everything big
Nails done, hair done, everything big (Oh)
All my LA girls, let me see your hands (Ayy)
New year's eve you can leave up and bring a friend
And she bought it, let 'em know that everything big
Nails done, hair done, nails done, hair done
All my LA girls, let me see your hands (All my LA girls)
All my LA girls (Put your nails done, right)
All my LA girls (All my LA girls)
All my LA girls (Put your hair done, right)
All my LA girls (All my LA girls)
All my LA girls (All my LA girls)
All my LA girls
Let 'em know that everything big (All my LA girls)
Nails done, hair done, nails done, hair done

[Verse: Drake]
Finally back in Toronto, it's better here
I just wanna be anywhere but everywhere
I'm being lazy at the crib kushin' it up
I get enough exercise just pushing my luck
Sitting back thinking, damn, where did they go?
They used to be the ones to watch Ricki Lake show
And now I see 'em picking up the pieces
One too many starting over speeches
I guess, it’s back to me like it always was
Me and the OVO set like it always was
A little money on the counter I left for my girl
With a note I’m trying to see the rest of the world
It all looked so amazing when we are growing up
Used to sit back and say I know I’ll get a model one day
But all the money and the rap game slow as fuck
And all the models from the hood, Project Runway
Yeah, it’s whatever
You know, feeling good, living better
But it’s evident that nothing can prepare us for certain moments that you just gotta cherish
Like this young girl had my lyrics tatted on her arm last night
We took a picture together, I hope she frames it
And I was drinking at the Palms last night
And ended up losing everything that I came with, yeah
Feel like I been here before, huh?
Yeah, I still got ten years to go, huh?
This is the only sound you should fear
Man these kids wear crowns over here and everything is alright

[Chorus: Swizz Beatz & Drake]
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh? (You gotcha)
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Na-na-nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy huh? Oh, you fancy, huh? (You gotcha)
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Na-na-nails done, hair done, everything did (Oh)
Oh, you fancy, huh?

[Outro: Drake]
All my LA girls
This go out to all my LA girls
I said, all my LA girls
Happy new year

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Uh, uh, let's take it back to basics
When shit gets worse, we converse
How we need a new balance
Before the lines get crossed like Asics
Just look at what we got, if we don't shoot the Reeboks
This is a beat that no flow can detox, so the respect is due
Like my Louie bag, I don't wanna have to check you
I'm Chi as Buck-Fiftys and Pelle Pelle leathers
Some say my beats made the Bulls play better
I say, black on black is the hate that hate made
Sara Lee with the dough, I'm talkin' bout the cake maid
McDonald's with the flow, served over a billion
You've seen the video, words over the building
Uh, I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
And when the Workout Plan ain't work out, man
Me and Common is back on the corners again
On the corner

[Verse 2: Common]
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh-uh, uh-uh
I open my eyes, the corner is like African tribes
The black is subsidized, the black enterprise, the passion arise
The youth fantasize, who got some cash in they eyes
If youth dies, mamas askin' rationalize
Tryna build a spot where ghetto bastards could rise
The ghetto has been bastardized by those that capitalize
Wonder if it's a plan that the master devised
To bring his people to a land where the blacks are despised?
On the corner

[Sample]
This is Shaniya Davis, last seen wearing a blue sleep shirt and pink underwear. The search for the little girl is now entering its 11th hour in Fayetville, and there’s some disturbing new details

[Intro]
Yeah, hey
Fayettenam nigga
Dreamville nigga
J. Cole
Hey, ah
I ain't ready yet
Yeah, I ain't ready yet
Yeah, hey

[Verse 1]
Gettin' higher than the soul of little Shaniya
And to the ones that killed her, hope you burn in fire
I’m burnin' tires on the strip, tryna get a grip
Liquor in the cupholder, tryna get a sip
6 shots of Hennessey, I’m still goin' strong
Please numb me from the bullshit that’s goin' on
That girl was 5 years old that they just murdered
And did some wicked shit to her that was unheard of
You fuckin' coward, ain’t gotta tell em’ go to Hell
'Cause that’s the shit that make them other niggas sick in jail
So you gon’ feel it
Travel the world reppin' this city, know I’m gon' kill it
But yet a nigga ain’t got a clue
How I’m gon' deal with all the bullshit
Niggas sendin' shots my way
You put a hit out on me, think that I’m gon' stop? No way
Gon' have to kill me, or witness a nigga livin' so filthy
Young, black, and wealthy, nigga for that I’m guilty
Still see all the fake shit, it’s funny somehow
Thought the money could erase it, no matter how
Much dough you got you gotta face it, and to my niggas gone
Hope you in a better place, if I make it I’ll holla…

[Chorus]
See world, huh-uh
You’re no good, uh-uh, hey
Yeah, see world
You’re no good, uh-uh
No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds
Can’t escape the pain that be trapped in my mind
Nigga, see world
You’re no good

[Verse 2]
Uh, I got a chip on my shoulder the size of a Golden Nugget
The industry overlook me, for that I be holding grudges
Wouldn’t take a chance on me, suddenly it's, oh you love it
Let's get a Cole feature, that's gon' put you over budget, now
Picture being broke without no pot to piss in
And then suddenly your idols is your competition
Used to be like God to me, slowly losing my religion
As these notes from my composition turn to competitions, then
Put it out and hope the world sing
We sippin’ liquor for the pain that the world bring
We had dreams just to make it up the flag pole
Just to find out that our heroes were some assholes, y’all don't hear me
Maybe I had the world figured out wrong
When these niggas go from singing our songs and waiting on you
'Bout a year later the same ones be hatin’ on you
Every other record these rappers be faking on you
Dog, we sing your songs but we know that ain’t you
We know you gotta make the people pay you
'Cause either you play the game or watch the game play you
And be that broke muthafucker talkin' 'bout “I stayed true”

[Chorus]
Yeah, see world, huh-uh
You’re no good, uh-uh, hey
Yeah, see world
You’re no good, uh-uh
No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds
Can’t escape the pain that be trapped in my mind
Nigga, see world
You’re no good

[Sample]
By candlelight, they stood as one, numb with shock and disbelief. A little girl's body, found Monday, is believed to be five-year-old Shaniya Davis, missing since last Tuesday. Davis has been charged with the unthinkable; prostituting her five year old daughter. Security camera’s spotted a man carrying Shaniya into a hotel last Tuesday. This man, police said, is now charged with Shaniya’s kidnapping. Search parties found the girl’s body yesterday a 100 feet off-road, wearing only a t-shirt

[Chorus]
Yeah, see world, huh-uh
You’re no good, uh-uh, hey
Yeah, see world
You’re no good, uh-uh
No matter how I hate flashbacks and rewinds
Can’t escape the pain that be trapped in my mind
Nigga, see world
You’re no good

[Intro]
If you move, I'll fall
(Davaughn on the beat)
I'm leanin on you, you baby, you baby

[Verse]
I push, p-p-push it, I p-p-push it like I'm in labor
And he'll t-t-teach me to, teach me to love my neighbor
Just w-w-wait up, I'm processin' all the data
Processin' all the data, p-p-processin' all the haters
You was writin' disses, I was takin' pictures
Signin' autographs for all of my bad bitches
And in the nick of time it just dawned on me
I am Nicki Minaj and it's all on me
But hey, maybe I'll never win, maybe I'm settlin'
Can't let the devil in, I'm a comic book heroine
But when the wind blows, I'm so Marilyn
(I'm so Marilyn, Marilyn, Marilyn)
Yo, write it down, take a picture, bitches, e-mail that
I came to save a thing called female rap
But I hope my ninja powers
Don't fuck around and offend you cowards
You mad at me cause you think I got it easy
If we was in the second grade, then you would tease me
Ya see, you still a lil snotty-nose hood rat
"I love Nicki" scribbled all over you book bag
I love you too
I just wish your mother would've hugged you too
You know Nicki love the kids
Yellow brick road, lookin' for the Wiz
But when it rains, it pours for real
Def Jam said I'm no Lauryn Hill
Can't rap and sing on the same CD
The public won't get it, they got A.D.D
See Nicki, follow the rules
Go and say your prayers and get ready for school

[Spoken Interlude]
Yeah, follow the rules
Let me say my prayers and get ready for school
Dear God, I am only what you made me
And I appreciate everything that you gave me
But like, I don't wanna do it no more
Sort of lost sight of what I'm doin' it for
Thought that I was doin' somethin' good for the game
Until they all started throwin' dirt on my name
Tell Debbie, I really, really tried
That I said I'm sorry, but I had to say goodbye
Tell Fendi, I'll never forget him
And please tell Wayne I'll always be indebted
(I'll never forget it)
(Please tell Wayne I'll always be indebted)

[Outro]
Ayy! Can anybody hear me?
Ayy! Can anybody hear me?
Ayy! Can anybody hear me?
Ayy! Can anybody hear me?

[Intro: Eminem & Manix]
Yo man, yo Marsh, man
Yo, you've been kickin' all this shit about yourself
What of the homies, man?
Oh you want one about the posse? Alright

[Chorus: Eminem]
Ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride

[Verse: Eminem]
Well, foolish pride has a lot of things to say
You got foolish pride, like you got tooth decay
But tooth decay is another problem
So let's take this ole foolish pride problem and solve it
Now, when I talk about foolish pride
I mean blacks and whites taking different sides
When blacks and whites take different sides
Unity never happens, and we will subside
We will subside and hatred will release
And everything will just crush that peace
But when we crush that peace, you see we start hatin' each other
But remember, you are my brother, and you are my sister
Just like I'm a mister
I seen a black girlfriend and I kissed her
I kissed her, I placed it on her cheek
And she didn't come back 'til next week
Now it was next week and she was back again
Wanting to kiss a white kid
So she was my girlfriend, we started going out
But that's okay because we were black and white
Blacks and whites sometimes mix
But black girls only want your money 'cause they're dumb chicks
So I'ma say like this
Don't date a black girl, take it as a diss
If you want, but if you don't
I'ma tell you like this, I surely won't
Never date a black girl because blacks only want your money
And that shit ain't funny
So I'ma say, "Look, honey
Why do you do this?
You know, you step up to me like you a Brutus
Then you try to grab my spinach
Because it's green and that's cash
So get outta here, 'cause I don't need your ass"
I said that before, but that's okay because, like I said, you're a whore
Black girls and white girls just don't mix
Because black girls are dumb and white girls are good chicks
White girls are good, I like white girls
I like white girls all over the world
White girls are fine and they blow my mind
And that's why I'm here now telling you this rhyme
'Cause black girls, I really don't like
We don't mix, it's like riding a bike
When you're peddling hard, uphill both ways
You know it's kinda hard and that's why I say to you
I'm giving you a little advice
Don't date a black girl, if you do it once, you won't do it twice
You won't ever do it again because they'll take your money
And that ain't funny
So I'ma say, "Look, honey"
I've already said that before
But like I said again you're nothing but a big whore
So when Mike catch on the bass line
That's okay 'cause we will not just waste time
I'll get straight to the point, black girls are bitches
That's why I'ma tell you, you better pull up your britches
'Cause all that cash is making your ass drag
From the boyfriend you ganked and that's pretty bad
I mean that's pretty sad when you're dating a black guy
And then you turn around and fuck another big black guy
Now that's pretty wrong, but you're just ganking
But that's okay because you need a god damn spanking
From me, the funky M&M
I'm busting rhymes and I'm swallowing phlegm
I'm busting a freestyle just like this
I say, "swallowing phlegm" and Howard gets pissed
But when Howard gets pissed that's okay
Because he leaves and he doesn't show up for two more days
So I'll just worry about that problem when I come to it
I'll cross that bridge when I come to it
'Cause— I forgot the chorus
But that's okay 'cause y'all saying, "Bust a rhyme for us"
So I'ma bust another rhyme about this black girl
She turned out to be a fuckin' wack girl
A wack girl, because black girls ain't funny
All they want is your goddamn money
They take you for everything you've got
And then you stand with a bunch of snot in your hand
So I'ma kick it to you just like this
How does the chorus go? I forgot
But that's okay, 'cause I'ma tell you in stride
I'ma say, "Ole foolish pride"

[Chorus: Eminem]
Ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride
Oh, oh, oh, ole foolish pride, oh, oh, oh
Date a white girl, 'cause they got the raw hide

[Intro]
Go
I'm in love with a beauty
She is a cutie
Somebody say they saw us kissin' in the movies
We had a drink or two
We saw Rush Hour 2
Then we went home and we made our own movie

[Chorus]
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
It's showtime, it's showtime, show me yours, show you mine

[Verse 1]
Like ooh, ooh, ooh, it's goin' down in this bitch
Like a boxer in the first round in this bitch
1-800, I would dick ya' down in this bitch
Uptown in this bitch, don't make a sound in this, shh
Now let me whisper in ya' ear
Every single word your little ear wanna hear
Flip ya' body over, have no fear
Can I put my tongue here until you tear?
Cry baby, cry baby, suck ya' momma titty
You know I like them old, I might have yo' momma with me
I like your girlfriend and your girlfriends
Honor my pole like a flag on the end, bitch

[Chorus]
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
It's showtime, it's showtime, show me yours, show you mine
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
It's showtime, it's showtime, show me yours, show you mine

[Verse 2]
I say, "Oh, girl, I love you so"
Oh, oh, girl, I love you so (Psych)
But I don't give a fuck about a dog ass ho
But I don't give a fuck about a dog ass ho
Pop these pills, take, take this glass
Pop, pop that pussy, shake, shake that ass
And if your pussy stank, girl, you know you better douche it
You're nasty, girl, now wash that stanky, funky, funky pussy, bitch
Stop talkin' that shit and suck a nigga dick for an outfit ha
And I wear my pants below my waist
And I never dance when I'm in this place 'cause you and your man be planning to hate
I'm so hood
And she likes it, and when we fuck, I'm keepin' on my Nikes
I'll tear that pussy up, I'll tear that pussy up
I'm a good looking rapper, I ain't tryna front
Oh, she pussy poppin' on a handstand
Oh, she pussy poppin' on a handstand
Oh, she pussy poppin' on a handstand
And I'm the camera man

[Chorus]
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
Lights, camera, action, ya' dig?
It's showtime, it's showtime, show me yours, show you mine

[Verse 3]
Cut, check the gates
Wait, why wait?
When I can just bend you over and do what I told ya'
Do what I wanna, do what I wanna
Ya' heard me, I gotta lie, like
And now, every once in a while, her knees jerk
She forgets how to walk, I better teach her
I got her walkin' funny, just tell 'em that your feet hurt
You'll probably see her on one of my t-shirts
I super soak a ho, skeet, skeet, skeet, squirt
But don't worry, cause if y'all are like swingers
Hey, I'm high over features
Haha, new single, oh, so now you single?
You crazy, say "The baby"

[Intro: Akon]
Shady, Konvict, Upfront

[Pre-Hook: Akon]
I feel you creepin'
I can see it from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place
And just kick it like Tae-Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me

[Hook: Akon]
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh

[Verse 1: Akon]
Shorty, if you wanna ride, you can ride on me
We can bump heads and collide on me
Want beef? Damn right, can rely on me
To bring that Campbell like Naomi
Just pull that girl and take it on easy
Lookin' all oiled-up and all greasy
'Bout that time you stop that teasin'
Way that you drop done got me here cheesin'
What's funny is that you takin' all my money for real
I'd rather spend it on you right now than my homie's bail
And I can see that's what you're made fo'
And ain't ever been no lame ho
With that booty bought and paid fo'
Won't move 'til you on my payroll

[Pre-Hook: Akon]
I feel you creepin'
I can see it from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place
And just kick it like Tae-Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me

[Hook: Akon]
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh
(Yeah, yeah, Stat Quo! Ahhh!)

[Verse 2: Stat Quo]
I love when you do it
Girl, move to it like you're used to it
Drop it down, I want to put my thing through it
To the crib we go, go fast and slow
Make it twirl like a stripper, slide down my pole
Shorty ass so swole, got your boy like, "Whoa!"
One night with me, now she wanna marry Stat Quo
But I'm like, "No, let's keep it on the low
On occasion let me come through and tap that hole."
Make you lose control and all her girls know
That I hit it right at night, I'm a pro
I only come 'round and get sexual
If she flexible and bisexual
I might stay around for a longer time
Only if, only if she can blow my mind
I can hurt that, murk that, work that spine
Now she in love and wants to be mine; Stat Quo, yeah!

[Pre-Hook: Akon]
I feel you creepin'
I can see it from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place
And just kick it like Tae-Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me

[Hook: Akon]
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh
(Yeah, it's Bobby Creek, know what I'm sayin'?)

[Verse 3: Bobby Creekwater]
The ice in the watch reflects the light to her
The money quite green and the ice light bluer
The swag might kill her, so I said good night to her
She don't want me to leave, I can see right through her
So we dipped out, burn one, trip out
Get low like Caribbean limbo
Didn't go out like light, baby girl, get right
Head so swole my hat don't fit right
We can cruise in the car or we could take flight
The middle of the night, make your body eight-like
Mike Vick against the Eagles
Call myself a king 'cause I'm regal
To be this hot is not legal
But we don't care—listen, baby, it's a fact that
If you drop back I'ma quarterback sack that
We can go deep and I can shark attack that
Say you don't remember where your keys and your hat at?

[Pre-Hook: Akon]
I feel you creepin'
I can see it from my shadow
Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo
Maybe go to my place
And just kick it like Tae-Bo
And possibly bend you over
Look back and watch me

[Hook: Akon]
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh
Smack that, all on the floor
Smack that, give me some more
Smack that, 'til you get sore
Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Baby, baby, when we first met
I never felt something so strong
You were like my lover and my best friend
All wrapped into one, with a ribbon on it
And all of a sudden, you went and left
I didn't know how to follow
It's like a shot that spun me around and now my heart left
I feel so empty and hollow

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
And I'll never give myself to another the way I gave it to you
Don't even recognize the ways you hurt me, do you?
It's gonna take a miracle to bring me back
And you're the one to blame

[Chorus: Rihanna]
And now I feel like, oh, you're the reason why I'm thinking
I don't wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more
I guess that's what I get for wishful thinking
I should've never let you enter my door
Next time you wanna go on and leave
I should just let you go on and do it (Do it)
'Cause now I'm using like I bleed

[Post-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's like I checked into rehab
Baby, you're my disease
It's like I checked into rehab
Baby, you're my disease
I gotta check into rehab
'Cause baby, you're my disease
I gotta check into rehab
'Cause baby, you're my disease

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Damn, ain't it crazy when you're love swept?
You'll do anything for the one you love
'Cause anytime that you needed me, I'd be there
It's like you were my favorite drug
The only problem is that you was using me
In a different way that I was using you
But now that I know it's not meant to be
You gotta go, I gotta wean myself off of you

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
And I'll never give myself to another the way I gave it to you
Don't even recognize the ways you hurt me, do you?
It's gonna take a miracle to bring me back
And you're the one to blame

[Chorus: Rihanna]
'Cause now I feel like, oh, you're the reason why I'm thinking
I don't wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more
I guess that's what I get for wishful thinking
I should've never let you enter my door (Let you enter my door)
Next time you wanna go on and leave
I should just let you go on and do it (Do it)
'Cause now I'm using like I bleed (Using like I bleed)

[Post-Chorus: Rihanna & Justin Timberlake]
It's like I checked into rehab (Oh)
Baby, you're my disease (You're my disease)
It's like I checked into rehab
Baby, you're my disease
I gotta check into rehab (Oh)
'Cause baby, you're my disease (You're my disease)
I gotta check into rehab
'Cause baby, you're my disease (Uh, uh)

[Bridge: Justin Timberlake & Rihanna]
Now ladies, gimme that
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
Uh, now gimme that
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
My ladies, gimme that
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh-oh
Uh, now gimme that
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh-oh

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Oh, you're the reason why I'm thinking
I don't wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more
I guess that's what I get for wishful thinking
I should've never let you enter my door
Next time you wanna go on and leave
I should just let you go on and do it (Do it)
'Cause now I'm using like I bleed

[Post-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's like I checked into rehab (Oh)
Baby, you're my disease
It's like I checked into rehab
Baby, you're my disease
I gotta check into rehab (Oh)
'Cause baby, you're my disease
I gotta check into rehab
'Cause baby, you're my disease
Just like bums, we used to stay in the slums of LA by the way
Gang-bangers killin' each other for rep, sellin' rock cocaine on my doorstep
Had a ball to bounce plus a bike to ride, but my mama never would let me play outside
But when I got enrolled in elementary school, started bangin' like a fuckin' fool
So cool, throwin' up gang signs to the gangster beat, shot an enemy from across the street
Mama came home, said she got a good job. Daddy did too. Now they don't squab
Financially, we improvin'. 2 months later, son, we movin'
No more duckin' from shotgun shells. Bought a two-story house in East Palmdale
(give it to me now.)

Palmdale, come back to me
I need you and I love you, baby
Palmdale, come back to me
(Check it out, check it out, check it out.)

No more rats and no more roaches, livin' next door to football coaches
Now I got a new place to sell me crack. Now I got little white kids to jack
I stopped wearin' blue, wasn't trippin' on red. Too busy squabbin' with the skinheads
Stupid questions, distract the class. Rubbin' little white girls on the ass
I didn't really care if I passed or failed, I knew I was headed for the NFL
Until the playoff game, shoulder got hurt. I thought about my future, layin' in the dirt
I can't jump, I can't flinch. Superstar player, ridin' the bench
Graduate from school? Don't make me laugh. I got an F+ in basic math
(give it to me now.)
Palmdale, (Hell, yeah.) come back to me
I gotta do one song for my neighborhood. Bucccoooc!
Palmdale, come back to me
(check it out.)

I knew I couldn't make it in the white man's world, so I bought me some khakis and a Geri curl
I knew I couldn't make it to the NFL, so I went to East Palmdale and started slingin' yayo
For sure! I was makin' crazy dough. Should've dropped outta school a long time ago
Bought a cell phone, like a nut. Now I deliver like Pizza Hut
I drunk whisky and Bacardi. I sold dope to anybody
Me and my homies sold dubs and dimes, took turns bustin' rhymes just to pass the time
A white man drove up to my spot. He said, Hey, homeboy, what you got?
I put a fat rock inside his hand. About 25 sheriffs jumped out the van
(Get down, punk.)

Palmdale, (Hell, yeah) come back to me
I need you and I love you, baby
Palmdale, come back to me
(check it out, check it out, check it out.)

Can't get drunk. Can't get blunted. LA County, 95 hundred
Crips wanna take my All-stars. Bloods wanna eat my Snicker bars
Them peckerwoods don't want none, but the Mexican's straight own one
Them Ese's, catorces, treces always try to test me
So I jumped off the bed, cause I ain't no punk. Jammed his head up against the bunk
Socked that Cholo in his chin. Black mother-fuckers scared to jump in
Sheriff broke it up when we hit the floor. I kept talkin' shit cause I want some more
Back in town, we get along with the brown. Now I'm in jail, they tryin' to beat me down
Jail is hell, but I'll adapt. Won't hesitate to get in a scrap
Cause I'm down for mine, and that's for certain, sittin' in the hole with my knuckles hurtin'
(Palmdale)
Palmdale, (Hell, yeah.) come back to me
I need you and I love you, baby
Palmdale, come back to me
(check it out, homeboy.)

Now I got a fucked up life. Two bad kids and a naggin' wife
Dead end job at the airport. Check too short to pay the house note
Turn on the TV, then I see different homeboys that went to school with me
Playin' in the NFL. We used to kick back in East Palmdale
Rodney Williams. Lorenz Tate. Zeno plays for Colorado State
I wish my homeboys much success, but at the same time, I still get depressed
Walkin' through the wind with a cup full of gin thinkin' 'bout things that could've, would've, should've been
I wipe my tears, sip my beers, wish good luck to my peers
(Palmdale.)

Palmdale, come back to me
I need you and I love you, baby
Palmdale, come back to me
Cause that's where my heartache began, heartache began

Palmdale, come back to me
I need you and I love you, baby
Palmdale, come back to me
Cause that's where my heartache began, heartache began

Palmdale, come back to me
(Hey, all the homeboys on the football team, where y'all at?)
Palmdale, come back to me
(Hey, wherever you at in the world, I don't care if you in Japan, Africa
Hey, you know how we used to do it, man. Hey, hey, hey.)
Yo, let me get a Palm (Palm!)
Yo, let me get a Dale (Dale!)
Yo, what do we sell? (YELL!)
Yo, where we fittin' to go? (We fittin' to go back to jail!)

[X4]
Dale. Palmdale. (Hey, everybody just clap your hands.)
Dale. Palmdale. (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon. Buci-buci-bucccoooc!)
Dale. Palmdale
Dale. (Where them Falcons at?) Palmdale. (It ain't over 'til the fat man sings.)
Dale. (Little Rock can't get none. What, what?) Palmdale
Dale. Palmdale

[Fade out.]

[Hook]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

[Verse 1]
I sold my soul to the devil: that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a Happy Meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where do the lonely kids go when the bell ring?
It's feeling like Hell rings
Bringing me back down
Checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out Dogg, I be on that moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moonwalk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophomore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain’t finna change, so we’ll never agree again
Till then I’ll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed

[Hook]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

[Verse 2]
I sold my soul to the devil
I know its a crappy deal
At least it came with a few toys
Like a Happy Meal
I’m spaced out dog
I be on that moontalk
I wonder if God asked Mike how to Moonwalk?
You know the entertainment Angels
Adriana for Giselle
Let's exchange Angels
Photoshoot at my crib
Lets exchange angles
Rockin nothin but them Tom Binns bangles
My heart so anxious, gettin' anxiety
Begging one of these fuckin fashion houses to hire me
They say I’ve been an asshole
I said if you acquire me
I can be a quiet me, call it verbal dieting
Give me your herbal chai tea
I’ll be calm as Tai Chi
With a bad white bitch like Ice-T
I’m not right dog, I’m slightly off
I’m paranoid; like bonin’ raw dog
And wakin up with a slight cough
Yea, that’ll make ya dick quite soft
Plus my neck hurt too lemme take all this ice off
Never meant to hurt you, I should’ve took nights off
But it cost too much to live and I never took the price off

[Hook]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
Feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

[Part 1]

[Intro]
Yeah, this dedicated to Canada man
The whole up North
A lot of people don't realize how cold it gets during the Winter
But listen

[Verse 1]
I met this new girl late June or early July
I called her a bunch of times but she barely replied
Now it's December, I'm driving, and she's like "Where's my hi?"
It's weird that I never called you cause I rarely get shy
See that was a segue, I believe the matter
Is what happens after the season where the leaves just scatter
Where the Timb' laces get tighter and parka hoods flip up
Drug dealers standing in their park or hood slip up
Where girls become exes from Summer's caught ho'in
The winter cars come out, the summer cars go in
And some places is breezy, and some it start snowin'
And if you planning family vacations you better know when
But some mothers scared to send they daughters out the city
Instead she get a sweater that she bought her out of pity
Cause mom stays up late, she seen them videos
Where Cancun college students pouring water on their titties!

[Interlude]
Yeah man
It's a funny thing going through the winter up here man
A lot of girls y'know, wanna get close
You might think they the one
But just wait, nah mean, take it slow

[Verse 2]
Forget to mention, this girl that never gets to the beach
She lives just West of my street, and so we destined to meet
Since I'm driving, I ask her how to get to the suite
She doesn't answer, opens the door and just gets in the seat
She throws her bag in the back, and starts adjusting the heat
She's bold but I roll with it, I'm impressed cause she's sweet
Then she says "I heard your song and I'm obsessed with the beat
I mean, the lyrics are good, but I'm obsessed with the beat
I love it when Voyce sings and the chorus is good
There's a couple things in the song that I suggest you repeat"
Off this I'm kinda taken back for a second
I get her number she tells me to call her after this session
And so I do, and it's kind of awkward, the surface hard to scratch
Until we end up sexin' and now my heart attached
I'm thinkin off I should've been more Southern
And realizing all that she wanted was that indoor lovin' and ho!

[Interlude]
Yeah, uh
I told ya'll I had a story for you right
Uh, ya man, it's what it is

[Verse 3]
And now, I'm proud to have her like Montreal to the frizzench
She love to play hurt like Carter did on the bizzench
But, my boy say I'm actin different, because I lay downtown
And I still I rush to pick her up from work and fizzench
She tellin everyone I'mma hold here down
Tell everyone I'm the prince up in this cold clear town
And stupid me I just listen to her
Instead of wondering if this is really gon' last me the whole year round
But then Spring shows up, and it's Dallas in this bitch
The weather starts to resemble the holidays she missed
When we were together, it seeming like way back when
Ball players hop on the plane and make it way back in
See she used to play piana, and now she never wait for santa
Instead of saving for marriage, she saving for caribana
And it's a shame, she had me convinced that she could've been a dime
I guess, I lost another one to the wintertime

[Outro: Eva Cassidy]
I miss you, most of all, my darling

[Part 2]

[Intro: Drake & Marlena Shaw]
Give me a second to gather my thoughts
Strolling in the park (Ho)
And watching winter turn to spring (Such a beautiful day man)
Yeah man, you know we had to switch it on 'em right?
Strolling in the park and watching winter turn to spriing
I'm still standing on two feet, even after this tragic loss
Man, but I got something to else to tell ya baby

[Verse: Drake]
I remember them encore PMs, breakfast and the wake up
Now Drake's committed we waiting on the breakup
So we can get back to them cognac nights
With dress codes and light skinned girls that won't act right
And I laugh cause my previous lifestyle was quite wild
The winter came and blew his cold air through
Back then light sweaters and a couple drinks might get her
By the end of the week I would know that crew
And we'd assembled a trio, a whole new scene
With three ladies in the shot we never broke routine
At the end of every cut when the cameras are rollin'
We had ladies hearts always gettin damaged and stolen
But this Summer is different it's a two man operation
Granted the fact that we one man short
Got love for him he can watch this new man stop a nation
Cause handlin' crack is a one man sport
Instead of dress-up, I walk in sweat pants and charms clinkin'
I find a girl we step dance and calm drinkin'
The face, the breast, the bras, the toes
I'm still solo and a long night draws to a close
Cause it's a fact, if she come to the crib and I get some ass inside
We'll never talk again, scary and true
That song Special I recorded with Voyce well it's like a classified
It's what I'm lookin for to carry me through
Yet I can't seem to find it, every girl that possesses it
Only wants a friendship causing me to forget the shit
And when they talk about they past and lovers
And you get mad at the thought of it giving ass to others
Yet you find peace with yourself, now least there's some room to ride
There's also Room For Improvement as soon as June arrive

[Outro: Marlena Shaw]
Strolling in the park, and watching winter turn to spring
Strolling in the park, and watching winter turn to spring
Strolling in the park, and watching winter turn to spring

[Hook: Pharrell & T.I.]
Mm, mm, what?
Skateboard P'll make your face fall off
(Serve a bitch straight D) And make her face fall off (Okay)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
What the fuck you gon' do? Make your face fall off
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', amaz-amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Skateboard P make your face fall off
(I serve a bitch straight D) And make your face fall off (Uh-huh)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
Nigga what you finna do when your face fall off?
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby

[Verse 1: T.I.]
It's automatic got a baller habit, smokin aces what you facin'
When you hatin, ain't no rehabilitation
For that monkey on my back, hundred-thousand-dollar stack
Ya ain't heard, used to serve Firebird like a Pontiac
Rewind me back, ay you know where they used to find me at?
In the back, sacks full of somethin for insomniacs
Dope boy, trap nigga in my past life
Now I just serve rap nigga plenty act right
You know where we at, right here, like yeah
In the club on the furniture, fuck do I care
Tell the club owner here, Rosé, Remy bottle please
Got a carload of bravado, ain't nobody hot as me
I don't bend, I don't break, I go in, I don't play
Tell your friend that the game can begin if she stay
I pass out cake like your birthday bitch
If you kiss both of those, lick that, take this

[Hook: Pharrell & T.I.]
Mm, mm, what?
Skateboard P'll make your face fall off
(Serve a bitch straight D) And make her face fall off (Okay)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
What the fuck you gon' do? Make your face fall off
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', amaz-amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Skateboard P make your face fall off
(I serve a bitch straight D) And make your face fall off (Uh-huh)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
Nigga what you finna do when your face fall off?
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Ay, a dopeboy with the swag of a pimp nigga
Except one thing, I'm paid more than them nigga
You see a bitch can't afford this life
Have to fuck a ballplayer and a mayor every night
Maybe twice, late at night we, be in white tees
Me and Skateboard P, no Nike's
Just a pair of Margiela, get a broad tell her
Rain dance for this paper, better get her umbrella
Yeah, had guns like an arms dealer
Dream team lawyers, he ain't never been a dumb nigga
Nigga, this your girl, better come get her
Turn her to a dick monster, nut muncher
Sperm rag, cum dumpster, left amongst her
Bitches in the past, pretty titties, plenty ass
They just drink up what we give 'em, take shots without any glass
Fuck her in the face 'til it fall off or 'til she gag, gag, gag

[Hook: Pharrell & T.I.]
Mm, mm, what?
Skateboard P'll make your face fall off
(Serve a bitch straight D) And make her face fall off (Okay)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
What the fuck you gon' do? Make your face fall off
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', amaz-amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Skateboard P make your face fall off
(I serve a bitch straight D) And make your face fall off (Uh-huh)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
Nigga what you finna do when your face fall off?
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby

[Verse 3: Pharrell]
And it don't stop
A lot of niggas out there think that they could do what we do
Be my guest, go and front for the people
But just like a storefront they gon' see through
That you sweet like bubblegum and they gon' eat you
How you blowin up? Nigga they chewin you
And when you hit rock bottom they shoo'in you
Like "Ooh, you eww, get away!"
Not you? yeah right, okay
Don't listen to these guys, these niggas full of lies
Cut 'em open and they cover up the floor, you surprised?
Every time they talk about what they gon' get
They been lookin at my blog knife and forkin my shit
While I'm tryin to get the new G-5 with the kit
With the bed in the back, cause my son hate to sit
And all that dark blue shit, y'all niggas been had
My diamond's rainbow like they registered for GLAAD
Every aspect, whether plane, boat or pad
Tote a brightness like your chain 'pose to have
Got it from Lorraine so you know that they straight
Plus the Audemar twins, I guess my wrist couldn't wait
To tell ya

[Hook: Pharrell & T.I.]
Mm, mm, what?
Skateboard P'll make your face fall off
(Serve a bitch straight D) And make her face fall off (Okay)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
What the fuck you gon' do? Make your face fall off
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', amaz-amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Skateboard P make your face fall off
(I serve a bitch straight D) And make your face fall off (Uh-huh)
Niggas come through and make your face fall off
Nigga what you finna do when your face fall off?
Baby boy it's amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby
Amazin', so amazin', so amazin'
Amazin', so amazin', baby baby

[Intro]
Your mother.. you fuckin' faggot
Ayo, this next song is dedicated to the memory of Erik Shrody
Rest in peace, we ain't forget about you, you fuckin' homo, we still remember

[Verse 1]
There once was a man who liked to jump around
But he got too old to jump up and down
So he put the mic down and picked the guitar up
Started singin the blues like there was no tomorrow
Left his boys in the House of Pain
It was the wisest decision he ever made
But the dumbest thing he could ever do
Was try to buck a .380 on those that act shady
Tell me now what you gonna do

[Hook]
Cause I remember all those years, how it was when you were here
I remember how it was, how it was when you were young
Yesterday was so long ago, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more

[Verse 2]
I remember back when you had the Knack
And I remember when you had your first heart attack
I was right there laughin when I heard the news
I just wish the cardiac woulda murdered you
Maybe Ice-T's right, you are a bitch
You come around when you're broke and you leave when you're rich
But the dumbest thing you could ever do
Was try to buck a 380 on those that act shady
Tell me now what you gonna do

[Hook]
Cause I remember all those years, how it was when you were here
I remember how it was, how it was when you were young
Yesterday was so long ago, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more

[Verse 3]
Remember back in '94, like right before Ms. Everlast was Whitey Ford
Before his heart attack had him on life support
When House of Pain was outta fame like someone doused the flame
And they became destined to never jump around again
Or even further back, when I first had heard "The Knack"
And you were down with Syndicate, I went to get your shit, man I was into it
But then you went and took your style and switched the shit
Now you sound ridiculous, you dickless piece of shit
How could you diss me, bitch?
I liked you, thought you was alright for a white dude
Remember Sway and Tech when I came up and sat beside you
Started rhymin, then you left the room and didn't say goodbye or nothin'?
Like you mad that someone else was white and tried to rhyme or somethin
I'm sorry man, I wasn't tryin to steal your light or nothin
But you're a homosexual, white rappin Irish (Muslim)
Man I wish I was Irish, I could be a *Muslim* too
Then I'd be confused as you, and I wouldn't know what to do
What's up with you? I never fucked with you, why would you fuck with me?
Knowin' I could rap circles around you, what, are you as nuts as me?
Plus I can sing better than you and I don't fuckin' sing
And probably play guitar better, and I ain't never touched a string
But I ain't mad at you, I'd hate me too if I was you
I'm what you used to be, shit you was me in '92
So everytime I write a lyric, I'mma think of you
And maybe that will help me know what it's like to sing the blues

[Hook]
Cause I remember all those years, how it was when you were here
I remember how it was, how it was when you were young
Yesterday was so long ago, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit came along now
Don't nobody wanna hear your old ass sing no more

[Outro]
You fuckin' punk pussy, you fuckin faggot, sissy fuck
And by the way, a .380's a fuckin' sissy gun
If you're gonna shoot somebody use a fuckin' real gun, you little bitch
Next time say my fuckin' name in a song, don't be subliminal about it
You wanna fuckin' diss me, diss me you fuckin' faggot
You fuckin' punk pussy, you fuckin' little bitch, fuckin' cunt

[Spoken]
This is the autobiography of Nicki Maraj

[Hook: Nicki Minaj (Shawn Wright)]
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
My voice projected, my life reflected
(The more I cry, the more I try)
(Can you hear me? Yeah)

[Verse 1]
Daddy was a crack fiend, two in the morning
Had us running down the block like a track team
When you burnt the house down and my mother was in it
How could I forget it? The pain is infinite
She's my Queen and I ain't even British, she's the only reason
That I went to school and I finished (yeah)
She told me that I had talent, got on her knees
And prayed for me when I started being violent (okay)
She saw something in me that 'til this day
I don't know if I could be that (yeah)
But I'ma die tryin' and when I'm done cryin' grab the iron
And black out like I'm retiring (kyuh)
Nightmares of you killing my mother
The reason that I sleep with my head under the covers
And they should've thrown a book at you
'Cause I hate you so much that it burn when I look at you

[Hook: Nicki Minaj (Shawn Wright)]
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic (I'll keep trying)
My voice projected, my life reflected (keep, keeping on)
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
My voice projected, my life reflected
(The more I cry, the more I try)

[Verse 2]
Damn, I wanna run to you, hold you and kiss you
And tell you how I miss you (I miss you baby)
Thought I would have a son for you but now it's official
It's over and I can't let you go (oh)
But I gotta let you know, all the shit I did made me feel like
I'm dying real slow
'Cause no one understands me
They don't know what to do when I'm hurt
And when I'm angry (kyuh)
You was my friend and my man and my daddy
You was there when that bitch tried to stab me
Anything I ever needed, knew you had me
'Cause of you, all them chicks couldn't stand me
So why I hurt you? That's the question
It took this long, for me to learn my lesson
'Cause now all I want is peace and get drama
Finally understand the true meaning of karma

[Hook: Nicki Minaj (Shawn Wright)]
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic (I'll keep trying)
My voice projected, my life reflected (keep, keeping on)
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
My voice projected, my life reflected
(The more I cry, the more I try)

[Verse 3]
Please baby, forgive me, mommy was young
Mommy was too busy tryna have fun
Now, I don't pat myself on the back for sending you back
'Cause God knows I was better than that (kyuh)
To conceive you, then leave you, the concept alone seems evil
I'm trapped in my conscience
I adhered to the nonsense, listened to people who told me
I wasn't ready for you
But how the – would they know what I was ready to do?
And of course, it wasn't your fault (no)
It's like I feel you the air, I hear you saying
"Mommy don't cry, can't you see I'm right here?" (yes)
I gotta let you know what you mean to me
When I'm sleeping, I see you in my dreams with me
Wish I could touch your little face, or just hold your little hand
If it's part of God's plan maybe we can meet again

[Bridge: Nicki Minaj (Shawn Wright)]
(The more I cry, the more I try, gotta keep on)
My voice projected, my life reflected
(The more I cry, the more I try, gotta keep on)
(The more I cry, the more I try, gotta keep on)
My voice projected, my life reflected
(The more I cry, the more I try, gotta keep on)
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
(More, more, more, more, more, gotta keep – mo-o-o-o)
(The more I cry, the more I try, gotta keep on)
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
(The more I cry, the more I try, gotta keep on)
(The more I cry, the more I try, gotta keep on)

[Outro]
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
My voice projected, my life reflected
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
My voice projected, my life reflected
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic
My voice projected, my life reflected
(Can you hear me? Yeah)
May the lord protect me, as the world gets hectic

[Intro]
Uh, shoutout to ScHoolboy Q
He uglier than a motherfucker (laughs)

[Verse]
Tire marks, tire marks
Finish line with the tire marks
When the relay starts I’m a runaway slave
Ugh, walking on water and running on waves
God MC, oh my God, you gotta see
There’s never no I's in me
Of an Odyssey, I’m a block away
Fire marshal's moving in
Marshmallows inside my pen
Sweet sixteens
Got a sweet sixteen and they deadlier than sin
I’m so appalled
With the prototype with a godly protocol
You an amateur, they wanna pro to call
I damage ya on camera, in Compton, in Canada
I don’t care where ya are
Just blink twice and I’m there where you are
Like a shadow in the dark, you a paddle in the boat
In an ocean full of sharks bout to come up short
Water in the pot, flow crack rock like Bam Bam nigga
Have two grams nigga pay up or blam blam nigga
Had a black Camry, bumpin' Dipset, Killa Cam nigga
I had been around niggas, killas, pimps
You ain’t been around shit but your momma and your bitch
Shoved off the porch when I was like six
Uncle Bobby got the house raided back in 9-6
Kick in the door
K9s all in the kitchen way before I even heard of Mike Vick
Momma in the bathroom poppa at work
Happened on Sunday we shoulda went to Church
Look at my shirt, Polo on it
It’s gon' sell if my logo on it
I fear no opponent
A demon come near and I might throw a spear at the omen
You looking at the 2010 Romans
Empire, Hiiipower HP, in ya face like HD
And I spit like a HK
I’ma shot like a H3, H-U-B-C-I-T-Y, A-B and Y-G
Problem and Hootie nigga
Tell the government come shoot me, nigga
Cause I’m going out with a fist raised
And a fist full of money give it to the fifth grade
Drink a fifth of Hennessy and then take another fade
With a democratic politician from CA
They don’t wanna see a B-L-A-C-K
Making some scratch like a hall of fame DJ
Give us some free J’s put us in PJs
Now we in the county jail calling for a three-way
God-Damn, y'all cold
Mark of the beast wear your god damn bar-code
Stuck in the street where it's dark like Harpo
Black man tell me where your God-Damn heart go
Although I’m in the land of milk and honey
Nobody never gave me shit, when I got my first chain
All the niggas tried to take it from me
I had to fight back and shit
Take it back and shit
And you rap niggas looking funny tryna talk back and shit
Like he back that shit
Acting like you real or something
Nigga ain't popped no steel, ain't popped no collar
Go pop some pills or something
You trying real hard to appeal to someone
I’m being myself, my BFF is a BM-dub
With your BM in it and your stash box glove
And the medicine a doctor gave a nigga won't help
I’m at the limit where I be amazing myself
I bet I finish on a level with a Black belt
I bet I hit it where every rapper get killed, like
Bla bla bla bla where the knife at?
Cut cut cut where your life at?
Your careers over, he’s slumped over
And if I'm off beat know I’m un-sober
That's a new flow
Pl-, Plus Q gave me some Kush and some Nuvo
New dough for the new year and I sumo on a rap peer
Not a rapper, I’m a raptor
That's a T-Rex in a V-neck for the rapture
I’m a factor and your facial
I will fracture to a fraction
No one-half and I hate math
Pastor’s like Eddie long, fucking maricon
Took me mighty long to get here
Nigga, Fuck!
Good times gone and you missed them
What's gone wrong in your system?
Things they bounce, like a Spalding
What'd you think? Did you miss your calling?
It's so free, this kind of feeling
It's like life, it's so appealing
When you've got so much to say
It's called gratitude, and that's right

Good times gone, but you feed it
Hate's grown strong, you feel you need it
Just one thing, do you know you
What you think? That the world owes you?
What's gonna’ set you free
Look inside and you'll see
When you've got so much to say
It's called gratitude, and that's right

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Hey you know me bitch nigga I’m all of that
Hit your broad with bitch then call her back
Relax lil' cat let the big dog attack
Thought it was over for me hommie did you fall for that?
U-turn big arrest no cardiac
Get your hand out of my pocket
What with all of that?
Tell the sheriff he can get these fucking charges back
No jail time, gotta thank God for that
Regardless, big bank can’t fold it up
Ain't another nigga flowing who a colder bruh
Quarter-mil for the show really though what's up?
Louis duffel-bag say "load it up"
Get into the hotel better know what’s up
With them niggas out there get the hold it off
We never had a problem getting hoes to fuck
Suck dick, lick, spit til the show is up
I let this nut get all over her
Another thick bitch kissing all over her
Bust the pussy wide open can't close it up
Make it bounce that shit
When you found that bitch
She was laid on the ground
Patted down, six chicks
For the drab bag of money
Trying to count that shit
Never would you find me around that bitch
If she got them lips wrapped around that dick
All the niggas wanna make love fuck that
I Bing, Bang, pound, beat down that clit
Sick with it, like E-40 and them
This K-i-n-g aka, Big Bank, aka Shawty the Pimp
Ay, aka Shawty the Pimp
Big Bank, aka Shaw the Pimp

[Hook: Rocko (T.I.)]
I get money, I can’t help it
You can’t stop it, you gotta accept it
You can’t knock it, you gotta respect it
This is who I am nigga, I can’t help it
I can’t help it
(In the ghetto in a drop Rolls Royce)
(They say "keep it one hundred")
(I ain't got no choice)
I can’t help it
(Yeah, her all-way big tank)
(I'm so trill and you ain't)
("Cut it down" Bitch I can't)
I can't help it
(Ay, see how I do it? I'm so hood)
("Cut it off, go Hollywood")
(Bitch I would if I could)
I can't help it
(Ay, the city wouldn't be shit without me)
(Fifteen-million dollar houses)
(Still can't get that trap up out me)
I can't help it

[Verse 2: Rocko]
I'm a hustler all they down to the bone
Terrorists everyday rhyme with that bomb
Stay on the day from night to the morn'
I ain't gonna server you nothing under a song
No fucking favors don't ask for no loan
Shop with your dogs then trynna get on
Call on my spot don’t be calling my phone
Nigga you ain't trynna shop, leave me alone
Grinding for days I haven't been home
Don't plan on going on til it's all gone
Mainly strong whatever you want
"Gotta get right" Well fuck it what's wrong?
Shots of Patron whole lot of storm
800's on but you know what I'm on
Your bitch wanna fuck now she know that I'm on
On motherfucker I just want some dome
Play with me nigga, I got that tone
Need no help I can handle my own
I tear on your sqaud but I ain't from the Bronx
One in the back, still play with that drum
Just no that I don't play the radio home
No radio-play every song that I'm on
Case you ain't know I'm Rocko the Don
Zone folk Hamilton, low on fun
Gucci my hat, Gucci my drawers
Gucci on my ass-cheek cover my balls
Gucci my pant, Gucci my shirt
Gucci bookbag while I keep on that twerk
Gucci bandanna on top of my shirt
Gucci boots on, gotta travel in the dirt
She around me everywhere I go
G Code, G Code that's all I know

[Hook: Rocko (T.I.)]
I get money, I can’t help it
You can’t stop it, you gotta accept it
You can’t knock it, you gotta respect it
This is who I am nigga, I can’t help it
I can’t help it
(In the ghetto in a drop Rolls Royce)
(They say "keep it one hundred")
(I ain't got no choice)
I can’t help it
(Yeah, I’m always big-bank)
(I'm so trill and you ain't)
("Cut it down" Bitch I can't)
I can't help it
(Ay, see how I do it? I'm so hood)
("Cut it off, go Hollywood")
(Bitch I would if I could)
I can't help it
(Ay, the city wouldn't be shit without me)
(Fifteen-million dollar houses)
(Still can't get that trap up out me)
I can't help it

[Produced by Kanye West and Jon Brion]

[Chorus: Brandy]
I always knew that one day
They'd try to bring me down
Way down, way down
One day, they'd try to bring me down
Always knew that one day
They'd try to bring me down
Way down
They'd try to bring me down

[Verse: Kanye West]
We goin' to Mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say?
I have to say, since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they gon' have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'Cause when I was barely livin', that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some leeway on the "He say, she say"
Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay?
Spanish girls say, "Yo, no hablo inglés"
And everybody want to run to me for their sing-le
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg, if I was you, I'd kill myself
Made a mil' myself and I'm still myself
And I'ma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, y'all all frontin'
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel something

[Bridge: Brandy]
What you calling?
I let all in for getting what some get will get ya
What kind of dream we found?
See, I'm often catching crosswinds
Forgetting where the hell I met you
And try to bring me down

[Chorus: Brandy]
I always knew that one day
They'd try to bring me down
Way down, way down
One day, they'd tried to bring me down
Always knew that one day
They'd try to bring me down
Way down
They'd try to bring me down

[Verse 1]
My lifestyle's crazy, I'm luxury lazy
So much gold that jewelry don't faze me
Cordless phone, eight or nine homes
Girlies on my Jammie with an Ice-T jones
Bank account boomin', fast-lane zoomin'
Known around the world for my high post groomin'
Mac like a preacher, love like a teacher
Got a girl who lives in Paris
When I want her I beep her
Too many clothes, got a ragtop Rolls
1,000 Watt system and my speakers are Bose
I kick it like a champ, I thought you knew it
Pimpin' ain't easy but somebody gotta do it

[Verse 2]
My thumbs are tired just from countin' cash
No more room in my diamond stash
Filin' my nails is such a tirin' task
Gold knobs on my Benzo dash
Five freaks just to comb my hair
Monograms on my underwear
Bodyguards around so please don't dare
You're takin' a chance if you just stop and stare
Livin' my life is just so hard to do
Makin' deals a million one or two
Buyin' new cars for my entire crew
Matching Ferraris, E's black, mine's blue
Can't swim a lap in my pool because it's just too long
Could never go broke because my bank's too strong
No matter what I do I simply can't go wrong
And I'll make money I don't need from this damn song
But somebody's gotta do it

[Verse 3]
When I walk in a joint, punks always look at me hard
Because I wear enough gold to tie a dog in a yard
Cold maxin' in my mansion so big it's silly
Got a butler named Humphry and a maid named Milly
Mink sheets on my bed, that's what I said
Gourmet chefs in my kitchen so that I can get fed
So tired of sailin' on my boat I might
Just helicopter to my jet and catch a midnight flight
So many girls in my book, it weighs a ton
Gotta leave the damn country just to have some fun
Private suite at the track to watch the ponies run
And there ain't nothin' in the world
That me and "E" ain't done

But somedody gotta do it

[Intro: Wiz Khalifa]
Usually I make a weed song, so here goes a weed song
Usually I make a weed song, so here goes a weed song
Hahaha

[Chorus: Alborosie]
Still blazin', still blazin', still blazin'
'Cause Jah, Jah power so amazing
Give I di strength and protection, keep praisin'
Each and every day
Still blazin', still blazin', still blazin'
'Cause Jah, Jah power so amazing
Give I di strength and protection, keep praisin'
Each and every day

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Why can't everyone just smoke like me?
Just gimme a quiet place and lemme roll my weed
Where ain't nobody in my business, don't nobody gotta know
Let all your conscious go and blow it by the O
I'm here, but my minds gone
And it's gettin hard to see you, 'cuz my eyes low
Marijuana minutes, nigga time slow
On a kush clock, there's always time to smoke
Say I look high? I say I'm high, bro
Still blazin', no one with me, just facin
I remember days when I could only smoke on occasions
I couldn't wait to go and cop from Ray and them
Rollin blunts of 50, stuck in my moms basement
Had dro for sale, but niggas was smokin' haze then
Blew a O a day then, don't know, but somehow I made away
And nigga them bills need pay, but I'm

[Chorus: Alborosie]
Still blazin', still blazin', still blazin'
'Cause Jah, Jah power so amazing
Give I di strength and protection, keep praisin'
Each and every day
Still blazin', still blazin', still blazin'
'Cause Jah, Jah power so amazing
Give I di strength and protection, keep praisin'
Each and every day

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Why can't everyone just smoke like me?
Just get up out my face and lemme roll my weed
Where ain't nobody in my business, don't nobody gotta know
Lets all learn how to roll and blow it by the O
I'm here, but my minds gone
400 a zip, nigga, that's what I'm on
And I'm gonna re-up as soon as the fires gone
Smokin OG kush from another time zone
As the smoke begins to pile on
Wettin' rags and puttin' bags over the fire alarm
You niggas styrofoam, lightweights
I'm on my 13th oz, quite baked
You probably go to sleep, ya throat might ache
You off that good weed, you need a nice break
See, I roll jays up all day and you gonna have to put a 8th in
They sayin' it's amazin, how I'm

[Chorus]
Still blazin', still blazin', still blazin'
'Cause Jah, Jah power so amazing
Give I di strength and protection, keep praisin'
Each and every day
Still blazin', still blazin', still blazin'
'Cause Jah, Jah power so amazing
Give I di strength and protection, keep praisin'
Each and every day

[Intro: T.I.]
Ay, ay, ay
Watch what you say to me
Ay, ay, ay
You better watch what you say to me
Watch what you say to me
What you say, or I'll spray

[Hook: T.I.]
Watch what you say to me
You see me and you know I'm tool'd up
You don't wanna see me cut the fool, bruh
Well, watch what you say to me
Let me find out you talkin' tough in your song
When you see me, you know what's up, boy, it's on
Nigga, what you say to me?
You see, 'cause see I ain't been a fuck nigga never
I'm just warnin' all you sucka niggas
Better watch what you say to me
'Cause I'm known to make a mountain out a molehill
You don't wanna get your folk killed?
Well, watch what you say to me

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Got a tool in my pocket and the club just rockin'
Watchin' these nigga while they girlfriend jockin' (Jockin')
They gotta let it go because niggas already know
That I got that thing with me and anxious to let it go
I'm tryna mind my business though, 'til I hear this nigga say yo
"They ain't nobody, fuck 'em!", I'm thinkin' I'm finna bust 'em
Wait, look up and see these police’s lookin' at me
I tell C, he tell Doug, they tell Jay-Z
When you see him, surround him, then call to squirrel me (Whoa)
Pick a perfect spot and make sure that they girl see
My man offered dude a drink, he said: "What? What you think?"
Then coughed; from then on, you couldn't see nothin' but bottles
Remy Martin to the noggin, better bust it wide open
And his bitch standin' here hollerin' while he lyin' on the floor, shit
Why you feelin' sorry for him? He asked for it
Listen, y'all, here come the moral of the story (Listen, hey!)

[Hook: T.I.]
Watch what you say to me
You see me and you know I'm tool'd up
You don't wanna see me cut the fool, bruh
Well, watch what you say to me
Let me find out you talkin' tough in your song
When you see me you know what's up, boy, it's on
Nigga, what you say to me?
You see, 'cause see I ain't been a fuck nigga never
I'm just warning all you sucka niggas
Better watch what you say to me
'Cause I'm known to make a mountain out a molehill
You don't wanna get your folk killed?
Well, watch what you say to me

[Verse 2: Jay Z]
Rap music is somethin', ain't it? The way these pictures is painted
You swear these niggas is dangerous, the gangsta shit they be sayin' (What?)
Lock 'em up in the booth with a half a ounce of that cannabis
Sit back, and watch the outlandish shit they portrayin'
But soon as you see 'em, they freeze up like in museums
Them statues, you like: "Is that the dude
That said he was gonna …" (Pmmm!)
Niggas get runnin' before you finish your sentence
And then they back to riffin', when they off at the safe distance
You like, you was just here, you disappear like magicians
In thin air, I'm like damn, nigga, at least keep it consistent (Nigga!)
I hear you baitin' me lately
I been doin' my best just to stay hater-free
Still watch what you say to me
Sooner or later, I take you up on your offer
And put you all in your place like I'm replacing your father
You talkin' to the author, the architect of The Blueprint
My DNA in your music—motherfucker, you stupid?

[Hook: T.I.]
Watch what you say to me
You see me and you know I'm tool'd up
You don't wanna see me cut the fool, bruh?
Well, watch what you say to me
Let me find out you talkin' tough in your song
When you see me you know what's up, boy, it's on
Nigga, what you say to me?
You see, 'cause see I ain't been a fuck nigga never
I'm just warning all you sucka niggas
Better watch what you say to me
'Cause I'm known to make a mountain out a molehill
You don't wanna get your folk killed?
Well, watch what you say to me

[Verse 3: T.I.]
'Cause I ain't never been a sucka, been gangsta my whole life (Life)
So a nigga disrespect me and it's on on sight (Sight)
I hear what you say in your song, some of that I don't like (Like)
Keep it up, I feel tried, I see you, we gon' fight (Fight)
Be a man, say my name if you talkin' to me
You never say it, well, I figure you ain't talkin' to me (Well, haha)
Find out you is at the awards or was the code in the streets
I swear, I beat yo' fuckin' ass like it ought to be beat
See, all that whisperin' is lame, I ain't one for the game
If I say fuck you, then it's fuck you, nigga, simple and plain
I say no problem, it's no problem, pimpin', you do the same
Now you just swallow your pride 'cause you know I'm off the chain
Try to refrain from being violent but you come out your face
I got my lawyer paid up, ready to catch me a case (I swear to God)
When I feel you disrespected me, I'ma get me a K
But all this shit can be avoided one way (Hey!)

[Hook: T.I.]
Watch what you say to me
You see me and you know I'm tool'd up
You don't wanna see me cut the fool, bruh?
Well, watch what you say to me
Let me find out you talkin' tough in your song
When you see me you know what's up, boy, it's on
Nigga, what you say to me?
You see, 'cause see I ain't been a fuck nigga never
I'm just warning all you sucka niggas
Better watch what you say to me
'Cause I'm known to make a mountain out a molehill
You don't wanna get your folk killed?
Well, watch what you say to me

[Intro]
Why?

[Verse 1]
Looking out, across the nighttime
The city winks a sleepless eye
Hear her voice, shake my window
Sweet seducing sighs
Get me out, into the nighttime
Four walls won't hold me tonight
If this town is just an apple
Then let me take a bite

[Chorus]
If they say why (why?), why (why?)
Tell them that it's human nature
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
If they say why (why?), why (why?)
Tell them that it's human nature
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?

[Verse 2]
Reaching out to touch a stranger
Electric eyes are everywhere
See that girl, she knows I'm watching
She likes the way I stare

[Chorus]
If they say why (why?), why (why?)
Just tell them that it's human nature
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
If they say why (why?), why (why?)
(She's giving in by keeping him a'round)
Tell them that it's human nature
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?

[Bridge]
I like livin' this way
I like lovin' this way
(That way) Why? Oh, why?
(That way) Why? Oh, why?

[Verse 3]
Looking out, across the morning
The city's heart begins to beat
Reaching out, I touch her shoulder
I'm dreaming of the street

[Chorus]
If they say why (why?), why (why?)
Tell them that it's human nature
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
If they say why (why?), why (why?)
(She's giving in by keeping him a'round)
Ooh-ooh, tell 'em!
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
If they say why (why?), why (why?), why (why?)
Cha-da-cha-sha-sha-sha-sha-sha (aah-ah)
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
If they say why (why? why?), why (why? why? why?)
(She's giving in by keeping him a'round)
Ooh-ooh, tell 'em! (aah-ah)
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
If they say why (why?), why (why?), why (why?)
Ooh, tell 'em!
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
If they say why (why?), why (why?)
(She's giving in by keeping him a'round)
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
Why (why?), why (why?), does he do me that way?
I like living this way
Why? Oh, why? (that way)
Why? Oh, why? (that way)
Why? Oh, why? (that way)

[Hook]
Mama bad, mama mean
Gasoline, she’s on fire (She's on fire)
Put her out, as a matter of fact
Take her out, cause she’s on fire (She's on fire)
Got on my knees and asked my Lord
To keep me clear from the Devil cause my girl
She, she's on fire, yeah
But everything is so cool, yeah

[Verse 1]
Now gimme them back shots, I want them back shots
I said shorty let me play up in that matchbox
And she’s on fire, yeah (She's on fire)
Sh-shorty let a nigga rub his dick against her matchbox
And she's on fire (She's on fire) she’s steamin'
She’s screamin', she, she’s creamin' (She's on fire)
She’s fiendin', I redeem it
I get between it, like I mean it (She's on fire)

[Bridge]
Now hit me
And now she's on fire (She's on fire, fire, fire, fire)
I left her steamin', yeah
But everything is so cool (She's on)

[Verse 2]
Uhh, she hot as hell, let's call her Helen
Uhh, fireman to her rescue like 911
Uhh, fuckin' right, I make her hot
She got the (Devil in her) I do whatever with her
Hell's angel, I pluck her feathers nigga
I am the fire spitter, I start a fire with her
Okay her flames high, but I am higher nigga
So I invite her up, and then I light her up, uhh

[Hook]
Mama bad, mama mean
Kerosene, she’s on fire (She's on fire)
Put her out, as a matter of fact
Take her out (She's on fire)
Got on my knees and asked my Lord
To keep me clear from the Devil cause my girl
She's on fire, yeah (She's on fire)
But everything is so cool (She's on fire)

[Outro]
Now hit me (Fire)
Haha, woo! She's on fire (She's on fire)
Yeah (She's on fire)
I left her stingin', yeah
And now she's on fire (She's on fire, fire, fire, fire)
Haha (But it's cool)
Mama bad, mama mean
Gasoline, she’s on fire (She's on fire)
Put her out, as a matter of fact
T-T-Take her out, cause she’s on fire (Fire)
She, she’s steamin'
She’s screamin', she creamin' (She's on fire)
She’s fiendin', I redeem it
I get between it, like I mean it, hehehe
Then I leave her stingin'
Now she's on fire (She's on fire, fire, fire, fire)
Stingin'! But everything is so cool

[Verse 1]
I guess I should've known by the way you parked your car sideways
That it wouldn't last
See, you're the kinda person that believes in makin' out once
Love 'em and leave 'em fast
I guess I must be dumb 'cause you had a pocket full of horses
Trojan and some of them used

[Pre-Chorus]
But it was Saturday night, I guess that makes it all right
And you say - "What have I got to lose?"

[Chorus]
And honey, I say Little Red Corvette
Baby, you're much too fast (Oh)
Little Red Corvette
You need a love that's gonna last

[Verse 2]
I guess I should've closed my eyes when you drove me to the place
Where your horses run free
'Cause I felt a little ill when I saw all the pictures
Of the jockeys that were there before me
Believe it or not, I started to worry
I wondered if I had enough class

[Pre-Chorus]
But it was Saturday night, I guess that makes it all right
And you say, "Baby, have you got enough gas?"
Oh yeah!

[Chorus]
Little Red Corvette
Baby, you're much too fast
(Yes you are)
Little Red Corvette
You need to find a love that's gonna last
(Oh, oh)

[Verse 3]
A body like yours oughta be in jail
'Cause it's on the verge of bein' obscene
Move over, baby, gimme the keys
I'm gonna try to tame your little red love machine

[Chorus]
Little Red Corvette
Baby, you're much too fast
Little Red Corvette
Need to find a love that's gonna last, hey hey

[Chorus]
Little Red Corvette
Honey, you got to slow down (Got to slow down)
Little Red Corvette
'Cause if you don't, you're gonna run your Little Red Corvette right in the ground
(Little Red Corvette)
Right down to the ground (Honey, you got to slow down)
You, you, you got to slow down
(Little Red Corvette)
You're movin' much too fast, too fast
Need to find a love that's gonna last

[Breakdown]
Girl, you got an ass like I never seen, ow!
And the ride
I say the ride is so smooth, you must be a limousine
Ow!

[Chorus]
Baby, you're much too fast
Little Red Corvette
You need a love, you need a love that's, uh, that's gonna last
(Little Red Corvette)

[Chorus]
Babe, you got to slow down (you got to slow down)
Little Red Corvette
'Cause if you don't, 'cause if you don't
You're gonna run your body right into the ground (Right into the ground)
Right into the ground (Right into the ground)
Right into the ground (Right into the ground)
Little Red Corvette

[T.I.]
Ay say K.T., I remember bruh, standin out ten of us
Flip a bird, split it up, antenna stickin up
For crooked cops patrollin if the red dog rollin all the dope
I'm throwin, fuck a jail, I ain't goin tonight
Quick to pull a fo'-fo' in a fight
Under the street lights rollin the dice
We were so enticed, by niggas like slick money and ice
We figure prison it just come with the life, along with losin your life
And there was no way we thought
We'd go to jail for e'ry case we caught
For all the yay we bought, not a dime did we say we borrowed
Bought damn near every pair of J's at the mall
Had our way with the broads, hit the rink but we ain't skatin at all
Seem like every other day we'd brawl, that A.K. on call
When I think about all we done
It's amazin to see how far we've come
Remember? Ay

[Hook: Michel'le]
Ohhh! Oh-ohhh!
I remember walkin (walkin)
Didn't have a dollar in my pocket (in my pocket)
Now I'm watchin stocks like what's the options (options)
Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed
I remember hustlin (hustlin)
Tryin to keep these crooked cops off us (off us)
Now I read about it in my office (in my office)
Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed

[T.I.]
Ay say C-Rod, remember days we was slangin the hard?
In a crib with no lights we used to stay in the dark
Remember Cap and Mac Boney man, they were retarded
I don't know who kept us laughin the hardest
Since our stacks was the largest, didn't take us long to corner the market
I remember every day was a party
15, 16, was dreams of bein cocaine bosses
In pursuit of that we made so many terrible choices
Like the time we made away with that millenium
From the dealership before our day, wasn't we killin them?
Late nights, gun fights, high speed chases
So close to the good life, we taste it
Damn the consequences pimp, if it's a chance we'd take it
First case a month in juvenile and get probation
When I think about all we done
It's amazin to see how far we've come
Remember?

[Hook: Michel'le]
Ohhh! Oh-ohhh!
I remember walkin (walkin)
Didn't have a dollar in my pocket (in my pocket)
Now I'm watchin stocks like what's the options (options)
Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed
I remember hustlin (hustlin)
Tryin to keep these crooked cops off us (off us)
Now I read about it in my office (in my office)
Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed

[Scarface]
We started small time, dope game hustlin that cocaine
Interstate traffickin, high feelin no pain
Numb to the fact that we was poisonin our own kind
I ain't give a fuck, he gettin his so I want mine
Young'n with that attitude, somebody finna give me that
I ain't give a fuck, how I got it, it was real as that
So if I had to peel a cap, somebody was dead then
Since I'm a killer that's the condition my head's in
Can't work too hard to get my money, I refuse to
Slave for the next man who raised nigga, fuck you!
These streets are 9-to-5, you want it we can get it for ya
And even though they steady changin this is still a hustle
Still got them same rules, may not be the same game
We done found some brand new money, still we maintain
The same integrity we upheld in the street light
Livin a motherfuckin dream nigga singin like

[Hook: Michel'le & Scarface]
Ohhh! Oh-ohhh!
I remember walkin (walkin)
Didn't have a dollar in my pocket (in my pocket)
Now I'm watchin stocks like what's the options (options)
Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed
I remember hustlin (hustlin)
Tryin to keep these crooked cops off us (off us)
Now I read about it in my office (in my office)
Uh-huh (uh-huh) uh-huh (uh-huh) how life's changed

[Intro - Wiz Khalifa]
Yeah, it’s Young Khalifa Man
Taylor Gang over everything
Champagne, paper planes, bitch taking off her wedding ring
Leave with us you’ll never be the same
Making money in major ways

[Hook – Wiz Khalifa]
If I got it then I'mma spend it if I want to
And pick you up anything you want too
And nah, I ain’t gotta say nothing about it, it's right in front of you
I do all of that shit them niggas don’t do
Pop another bottle, Imm’a roll this weed up, I’m so G’d up

[Verse 1 – Wiz Khalifa]
Big-face digits, whips ain’t rented
Walk inside the bank bitch I’m Ben Frank friendly
Big cake piled up on my plate shit endless
Throw it in her face watch the bitch make wishes
Walk inside the club, bottles of that liquor
Groupies actin’ up, dying to get a picture
Rose and Patron, Kush be my cologne
Shorty get to keep her weed them joints already rolled
All my diamonds clean, all I count is cheese
Walking on a dream while you tryin’ to intervene
On top of that money, them haters in-between
Smoking sour seem you can smell it on her weave
Smell it when I leave, niggas catching feelings
OG Kush prescription keep me way over the buildin’
Riding in my ride, banging in my system
High as Whitney tryin’ to find a way to get a million

[Hook]

[Verse 2 – Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, know I’m smoking sour you can smell it down the hall
Learned this as a youngin’, what you sell could get you far
Captain of my team, tell you how to ball
Ain’t a game I put that on my marijuana jar
Breakfast on the plane, smell like alcohol
Diamonds in my chain, muscle in my car
Live a movie scene, hundred-dollar jeans
Pocket full’a Benji’s give them 20′s to my broad
Always on my job, been about my business
Killing all these rappers off now can I get a witness?
Lying to the judge, flying to the club
Chopper play the barber came to line a nigga up
Heavy in the game, still ain’t had enough
We takin’ all your bitches and buying all the drugs
Couple thousand for the Louis lining in my tub
G’d up from my feet up
Roof to the rug
Nigga

[Hook]

[Hook] (T.I.)

[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you
(Was you thinkin' of me, ay, ay...)

[Girl] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
(Whachu would do?)
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you

[Verse 1]
Bet they be like "I know he tired of the nightlife
He want a wife, he just lookin' for the right type"
Yea right, I be ridin' through the city lights
My hat bent, gettin' high behind the 'lac tint
I'm chilllin' with Brazilian women, heavy accents
They black friends translatin', got'em all ass naked, adjacent
Have relations wit'em many places
Leavin' semen in they pretty faces
Make'em kiss they partners with it in they faces
Young pimpin' sprung women 'cross the 50 states
Got young ladies requestin' "What's Yo Name" on 50 stations
Askin' me what's a pussy popper, want a demonstration
But I ain't waitin' til the second date, I'm so impatient
Relieve'em of they aggravation, take'em rollerskatin'
On them Dayton's, tell'em "Baby, stick with me, you goin' places"
Go replace 'em, dro erase 'em out my memory
Moist panties and wet sheets when they think of me

[Hook] (T.I.)

[Girl] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Was you thinkin' of me? Ay, sing it for me, pimpin')

[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
(Tell'em shawty)
Yea baby, I was feenin' for you

[Verse 2]
Yo, yo... uh..
From Miami to Cali, from Vegas to Jersey
Got'em in Houston, Virginia, New Orleans, ya heard me?
All the classy ones like to act like they a virgin
And the nasty ones like when I talk to'em dirty
But I'm breakin' the ice, got'em laughin' and flirtin'
They be, removin' they skirts when they hop in the 'burban
Once the flick start playin' and the E start kickin' in
Her girlfriend lickin' and she beggin' me to stick it in
That's why, I like chillin' with women who like women
Lightskinned... Asians, Jamaicans and white women
Indians, Italians, Haitians and Puerto Ricans
They be itchin' for they chance and waitin' in me to freak'em
They say..

[Hook] (T.I.)

[Girl] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Was you thinkin' of me? Ay, tell'em for me, pimpin')

[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
(Ay, listen to me)
Yea baby, I was feenin' for you
(Was you thinkin' of me?)

[Verse 3]
Excuse me shawty, but I been watchin' you now for a while
Yo whole style, from yo toes to the way that you smile
And I hope you ain't offended by the way that this sounds
But uhh... all I keep thinkin' bout is layin' you down
And I'm, keepin' it pimpin', I ain't playin' around
Ain't got that kinda time cuz this the only day I'm in town
So come and, chill in the cut if you willin' to cut
And when you, give me a hug I be feelin' yo butt
Now so while for while we talkin', I'm fillin' yo cup
We killin' the bottle, wake up in dirty linen tomorrow
But tell me would it trouble you if we ended up at the W-
Sippin' on a malibu pine apple juice and a blunt or two
Now whachu wanna do? Opportunity's right in front of you
Know you used to meetin' dudes, dodgin'em for a month or two
But young pimpin' spit linen to the young women
I'm T.I.P., known as pussy popper to some women

[Hook] (T.I.)

[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you
(Was you thinkin' of me... ay, ay...)

[Girl] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Oh yea... c'mon, tell'em)

[Girl] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town
Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you
(Shit I'm on my way)

[Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get a room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down
Yea baby, I was feenin' for you

[Jazze Pha talking]
Whoa whoa whoa..
Ladies and gentlemen
This... is a Jazze Phizzle, T.I. collaborangelle..
King of the south! Oh boy!
Jazze Phizzle, T.I., Grand Hustle daddy!
So smooth... futuristic..
Pimps up daddy!

[Verse 1]
Get back on track
Pick me up some bottles of booze
Fickle freshman
Probably thinks she's cooler than you

[Verse 2]
A hay ride at 5
Everybody's coming around
So go press your skirt
Word is there's a new girl in town

[Verse 3]
I call shotgun
You can play your R&B tunes
The fellowship time
It always comes a little too soon

[Verse 4]
The land of the creeps
Freshened up from baby faced shave
Put your eyes on me
And I know a place that we can get away, ay

[Chorus]
Just say I want you
Just exactly like I used to
'Cause baby this is oooo-only bringing me down

[Verse 5]
Home-boy's so proud
He finally got the video proof
The night vision shows
She was only ducking the truth

[Verse 6]
It's heavy, I know
The black cat with the gift down below
A choke and a gag
She spit up an' came back for more, oh ahh ahh

[Chorus]
She said I want you
Just exactly like I used to
And baby this is oooo-only bringing me down

[Post-Chorus]
She said I want you

[Chorus]
I want you
Just exactly like I used to
And baby this is ooo-only bringing me down

[Chorus]
I said I want you
Just exactly like I used to
And baby this is ooo-only bringing me down

[Intro: Mystikal]
Mmm! Mmm, mmm, mmm
Oooh-OOOH!

[Chorus: Mystikal]
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass

[Verse 1: Mystikal]
I came here with my dick in my hand
Don't make me leave here with my foot in yo' ass; be cool
And don't worry bout how I'm ripping this shit
When I'm flipping what I'm kicking nigga, that's just what I do
I'm effervescent and I'm off that crescent
Nastier than a full grown German Shepherd; motherfucker keep stepping
They don't fuck with me and they don't
Y'all bitches can't catch me and you won't
Pay ya fare, fix your hair, throw that pussy
Got a Prada for bonapalies, and Donna for my babooski
You think I'm tricking? Bitch, I ain't trippin
I'm buyin if you got nice curves for your iceberg
Drinkin Henn and acting like it do something to me
Hope this indecent proposal make you do somethin with me
Fuck a dollar girl, pick up fifty
And fuck that coward, girl, you need a real nigga
Off top knick-a-boxers hurting shit
Bend over ho; show me what you workin with!

[Chorus: Mystikal]
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Shake ya ass

[Bridge: Pharrell Williams & Mystikal]
Attention all y'all players and pimps
Right now in the place to be (shake ya ass)
I thought I told y'all niggas before
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (watch yourself)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir cause that won't pass (show me whatcha workin with)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake ya ass

[Chorus: Mystikal]
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with

[Verse 2: Mystikal]
I like my women fire like CAY-ENNE!!
Chocolate and bowlegged - when I'm runnin up behind her!!
Go head do your job, pop the lock, let the cock out
For girl don't lie you know you wanna go back to my house
"The Man Right Chea" wanna get under that dress right there
You spicy cajun we gon' a good time over there
You better suck the head on them there crawfish
And you gotta bend all the way over to dance off this
Handle yo' business but I know you do it way better, you dead wrong
So if you talking bout how niggas make noise when you pass by
Get yo' fine ass on the floor girl this yo' fuckin song!
Do yo' thang dont be scared, cause you gon' get served
You get mine then you gon' get yours
Bout to make yo' ass love it
Raise it up, show the G-string hustling hustling

[Bridge: Pharrell Williams & Mystikal]
Attention all y'all players and pimps
Right now in the place to be (shake ya ass)
I thought I told y'all niggas before
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (watch yourself)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir cause that won't pass (show me whatcha workin with)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake ya ass

[Chorus: Mystikal]
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with

[Verse 3: Mystikal]
Stop yo' cryin heffer, I don't need all that
I got a job for you - the braided up pimp is back
Break them handcuffs, fuck you nigga move something
And if they ask you what you doin say, "Ooohh nuttin!"
And we been doin for the past 2 somethin
And I've been beatin that pussy up not smooth fucking
You can betcha bottom dollar; if that pussy fire
You gon' holla Michael Tyler!
So don't act like you don't be backin that stuff up
Girl in the club, cause that's what you got ass for
Wobble wobble I'm infatuated
Bitch ride a dick like she making a baby
And I see that we gon' have to go to a quiet corner for just us two an'
Don't worry about who looking, just keep on doing what you doing
Cause a nigga like me gon' get to work before I know the girl
Bitch what's happening, let 'em see, show the world!

[Bridge: Pharrell Williams & Mystikal]
Attention all y'all players and pimps
Right now in the place to be (shake ya ass)
I thought I told y'all niggas before
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (watch yourself)
Now this ain't for no small booties
No sir cause that won't pass (show me whatcha workin with)
But if you feel you got the biggest one
Then momma come shake ya ass

[Chorus: Mystikal]
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with
Shake ya ass, but watch yourself
Shake ya ass, show me what you working with

[Outro: Mystikal]
Uhh.. OOOH-WEE! Good lawd!
Damn!

[Intro]
Arf-arf
Yeah, uh, yeah (Grr), yeah, uh (Grr)
Yeah, don't get it twisted
This rap shit is mine, motherfucker
It's not a fuckin' game
Fuck what you heard (Grr)
It's what you hearin' (It's what you hearin')
It's what you hearin' (Listen)
It's what you hearin' (Listen)
It's what you hearin' (Listen)

[Verse 1]
X gon' give it to ya (What?)
Fuck waitin' for you to get it on your own, X gon' deliver to ya (Uh)
Knock-knock, open up the door, it's real
With the non-stop pop-pop from stainless steel
Go hard, gettin' busy with it (Ooh)
But I got such a good heart that I'll make a motherfucker wonder if he did it (Yeah)
Damn right, and I'll do it again (Yeah)
'Cause I am light so I gots to win (Uh, uh, uh)
Break bread with the enemy (What?)
No matter how many cats I break bread with, I'll break who you sendin' me (Yeah)
You motherfuckers never wanted nothin' but your life saved (Uh)
Bitch, and that's on a light day (Give up)
I'm gettin' down (Down) like a nigga said "Freeze" (Uh)
But won't be the one endin' up on his knees
Bitch please, (Come on) if the only thing you cats did
Was came out to play, stay out my way, motherfucker

[Chorus]
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go (What)
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya

[Verse 2]
They ain't never gave nothin' to me (Yeah)
But every time I turn around cats got they hands out wantin' somethin' from me (Uh-huh)
I ain't got it, so you can't get it (Yeah)
Let's leave it at that 'cause I ain't with it (Yeah)
Hit it with full strength (What?)
I'm a jail nigga, so I face the world like it's Earl in the bullpen
You against me, me against you (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
Whatever, whenever, nigga, fuck you gon' do?
I'm a wolf in sheep's clothin' (What?)
Only nigga that you know who can chill, come back and get the streets open
I've been doin' this for nineteen years (What?)
Niggas wanna fight me? Fight these tears (What?)
I put in work and it's all for the kids (Uh)
But these cats done forgot what work is (Uh-huh)
They don't know who we be, lookin'
But they don't know who they see, nigga

[Chorus]
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go (What)
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya (Come on)
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go (Come on)
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya

[Verse 3]
Ayo, where my niggas at?
I know I got 'em down in the streets, give 'em love and they give it back (Ooh)
Talk too much for too long (What?)
Don't give up, you're too strong (What?)
Love to the wild, wild hunnids (Yeah)
Shout out to niggas that done it (Come on)
And it ain't even about the dough (Uh, uh, uh)
It's about gettin' down for what you stand for, yo, for real

[Chorus]
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go (Come on)
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya (Come on)
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go (Come on)
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya (Come on)
First, we gonna rock, then we gonna roll
Then we let it pop, go, let it go (Come on)
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya
X gon' give it to ya (Uh), he gon' give it to ya (Come on)

[Outro]
Come on
Uh, uh, come on

[Intro: Kobe Bryant]
I want to be the best
I want to be the best, simple and plain
That's why I play the game
And to be the best you have to win
And that's what drives me

[Intro: Stephen A. Smith]
He's the best player in the game
It's just that simple
There's nothing that Kobe Bryant can't do
He will defend your best player
He will shoot from the perimeter
He will get all in yo' mug
He will do whatever it takes
He is the most complete basketball player
In the game today - bar none
He has an assassin's mentality
I said this week, I said this when the trade went down
And I will repeat it again
Who's starving more for an NBA World Championship
More than Kobe Bryant
There is no one
This guy is highly motivated
What separates Kobe from the pack
More than Kobe Bryant, there is no one

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Kobe doin' work, 2-4 on my shirt
He the greatest on the court, and I'm the greatest on the verse
Going for the fourth ring like it was his first
Gotta get the gleam, do it for Kareem
Two-four so nice, my flow so mean
Catch me at the game sitting next to Goldstein
Kobe Bryant Nikes, purple gold strings
Kobe in the game, dunkin' on the whole
Black Mamba, attack, conquer
Basketball beast, rap monster
Crossover good, or turnaround jumper
Or just drive the lane and dunk on dunkers
You know where it's goin', it's goin' down, yo
This is the Lakeshow, but don't drown, though
I call him King Bryant, now let the crown show

[Interlude: LeBron James]
I'm definitely, I'm just lost for words
I mean, he's amazing

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Pass me the damn ball
I don't need a pick at all
And don't worry 'bout my shot
Cause I'ma get that off
Yea, I drops 40 on your double team
Then I drop 81 on another team
Yeah, you better guard me with caution
And watch I work 'em like a auction
No such thing as exhaustion
No time for resting
Cause I don't take breaks
I just break records
And I prefer the ball with three seconds
And I bet we gon' win it all in three seconds
Ya dig
That is a guarantee
Apparently
And please tell your defense
Don't ever man to man with me
Double team, triple team
Your defenders sick of me
But, I never let 'em get to me
Literally
Step back and give 'em a three
Ain't no defending me

[Interlude: Reporter & LeBron James]
One guy certainly envious of the way Bryant's playing lately, LeBron James
I've been quoted saying that
He's definitely the best player in our league
Um, to me, in my eyes
The best scorer in our league
And there's not another guy in our league
That can accomplish some of the things
That he's doing

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Never take a day off
Catch you at the top of the key
And get a J off
Baseline face time
Tongue out like two-three
Even two-three gotta love how I do me
Practice while you sleep
Practice in my sleep
Straight outta high school
Tha brackets ain't for me
I will be jumpin' over you
Like I got a mattress at my feet
And all is Phil Jackson say is you
Better be passin' it to me
I put the master in the piece
Attack you like a beast
And I am starvin' for victory
And that means I'mma eat
And when they ask you who's the best
Then the answer should be me

[Interlude 3: Elie Seckbach/Mikael Pietrus]
Seckbach: Who's the best player in the NBA
Mikael: Um, I'll say Kobe Bryant
Seckback: Really? Why
Mikael: Because you never know what you're gonna get!

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Call me Mr. Clutch or Mr. Automatic
I can post 'em up, or Lamar go get the alley
I'm going for the ring
I'm going for the ring
I went to Beijing
And came back with the bling
Who they want
They want Kobe
And what he want
He want the trophy
The victory
And the glory
No Shaq
No Robert Horry
Now break 'em off, Kobe break 'em off, yeah
You better be where that Laker don't, yeah
Just give him the ball and he take it off, yeah
Or he properly dishing it to Gasol, yeah
Or give it to D-Fish on the wing, yeah
Or just let lil' Ariza do his thing, yeah
Cause I'm great, and so is my team, yeah

[I thought you want to be the greatest]
Uh, do it for Magic
It's your time baby
I see nothin' wrong with doin' it four times baby
I'm the best yes
And he the best yeah
Don't worry LeBron - get 'em next year
Now what's defense
To an assassin
Killer instinct
Murder the basket
Then steal the ball back
Hold it for ransom
It's more than a game
This is a passion
Been a all-star, been a champion
Free throw line, you hear 'em chanting
MVP, MVP
Kobe Bryant aka MV-me
In knee deep, smash any D
Whoever he is he can't guard me
He can't guard me

[Outro: Elie Seckbach]
"So, there you have it. The overwhelming answer was ... Kobe Bryant"

[Intro: MC Ren]
Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker
(West West y'all)
Yeah, L.A. niggas
L.A. niggas rule the world nigga
Y'all niggas gotta recognize, yaknahmsayin?
Niggas don't wanna peep game, yaknahmsayin?
But this shit come all the way back around here
My nigga Dre, droppin' heat box on y'all bitch-ass
Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize
L.A. niggas, connected all over the motherfucking world, nigga
Recognize this; peep game

[Verse 1: Time Bomb]
Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag
Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag
G'd up from the feet up
Blue'd up from the shoe up's how I grew up
Loc'n, smokin' and drinkin' til we threw up (until we threw up)
At Leimert Park, taggin', hittin' fools up
Ditching my class, just to fuck yo' school up
You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck yo' tool up
But don't sleep, young niggas quick to shoot you
Now there's another motherfucker with no future
But Time Bomb much smoother when I maneuver, dope like Cuba
Got 'em jumpin Disciples to the Hoover

[Verse 2: King T]
I'm coming "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon
Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner
Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch
From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock witcha
Picture this, Dr. Dre twisting wit Tha Liks
And Hittman bought a fix
Don't trip, it's a Time Bomb in this bitch
Here it tick tick tick tick *boom*
Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic
Weed and cocaine sold separate, check it
From sundown to sunup, clown and run up
The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what?

[Hook: Knoc-Turn'al & Kokane]
We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way in L.A.!

[Verse 3: Hittman]
Gimme that mic fool, it's a West coast jack move
They call me Hitt 'cause I spit like gats do
Cock me back
Bust caps for my Macz Crew, at Fairfax
Who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true
But I grew up where niggas jack you, harass you
Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?)
Mash on you for your Turkish chain, C.K. B.K
Blue'd up or flame, I ran wit a gang
I helped niggas get jacked for they Dana Dane's
My pants hang below my waistline
I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah)
I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline
Don't waste my time
Fuck a scrap in killa Cali, AK's and 9's
One-time's, sun-shines, and fine-ass bitches
Hawaiian Thai, drive-bys, six-fo's on switches

[Verse 4: Xzibit]
I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF'
Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood
Slugs for the fuck of it
Anybody hatin' on us can suck a dick
If I catch you touching mine you catch a flat-line, dead on the floor
Better than yours, driving away gettin' head from a whore
It's AvireX-to-the-Z
Fuckin' with me might get you banned from TV
Cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time
Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie
What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health
Like puttin' a pistol up to your face and blastin' yourself

[Verse 5: Defari]
Five in the mornin', burglars at my do'
Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer
Let 'em come in BOW, he see the thunder roll
Roll with niggas, who buy fifths by the fo'
And brews by the case
Slap you in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced
Likwit Kings with Sedans and gold rings
Haters scope the style, but can't find no openings

[Hook: Knoc-Turn'al, Kokane]
We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat
Requirements for survival each day -- in L.A.!
It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops
Analyze why we act this way -- in L.A.!

[Outro]
In L.A
That's how we ride
That's how we ride
That's how we ride
That's how we ride

[Intro: Sweetie Irie]
Wh-whoa
Dis the one you call Sweetie Irie
Alongside a man called Ed Case
With the Gorillaz
The refix in the seat
Na na na all right
Na na na oh
It's a bigger road ting
Cha

[Chorus: 2-D]
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on

[Verse 1: Sweetie Irie]
Ah ah ah ah, give 'em something, ah ah
Ah ah ah ah, bend around, ah ah
Oh, true, man ah live like star
Oh, have pretty clothes fi di car
Oh, boy dem see mi new Rolex
Time to get the sergeant vexed
So me go seh oh, babylon ah carry 

[?]
Oh, them all ah watch ingredients
Oh, jewellery see diamonds and pearl
Oh, the baller brought you red rose, girl
Oh, come on, we're makin' money
Oh, babylon ah chat to me funny
Oh, true, they say the leng sells cheap
That'll get the Sergeant weak
So me go seh

[Bridge: Sweetie Irie]
Feed my 'motion
Feel my 'motion
Music is from the street
Designed to make you move your feet, mmm
Feed my 'motion
Feel my 'motion
Na na na
Na na na, oh

[Chorus: 2-D]
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on

[Verse 2: Sweetie Irie]
Oh, true, man ah make 'nuff dough
Oh, babylon deh everywhere me go
Oh, true, man ah live like star
Have pretty clothes fi di car, so me go seh
Oh, true, man ah make 'nuff dough
Oh, babylon deh everywhere me go
Oh, true, man ah live like star
Have pretty clothes fi di car

[Chorus: 2-D]
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on

[Break: Sweetie Irie]
It's a bigger road ting, cha

[Bridge: Sweetie Irie]
Feed my 'motion
Feel my 'motion
Music is from the street
Designed to make you move your feet, mmm
Feed my 'motion
Feel my 'motion
Na na na
Na na na, oh

[Verse 3: Sweetie Irie]
Oh, true, man ah make 'nuff dough
Oh, babylon deh everywhere me go
Oh, true, man ah live like star
Have pretty clothes fi di car, so me go seh
Oh, true, man ah make 'nuff dough
Oh, babylon deh everywhere me go
Oh, true, man ah live like star
Have pretty clothes fi di car

[Chorus: 2-D]
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad
I got sunshine, in a bag
I'm useless, but not for long
The future is coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on
It's coming on, it's coming on

[Verse 1]
Moolah babe
She was a young girl in pursuit of glory and fame
She would do anything she could to feel the flame
When everybody know your move and the things you pay
She finally made all her dreams come true and then she screamed

[Chorus]
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeah)
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
You know, this ain't paradise

[Verse 2]
He was a young boy in pursuit of money and fame
And he would do anything he could to kill the pain
When everybody know your moves, they speak of your name
And oh, all over the late night local news I heard him scream

[Chorus]
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Yeah)
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
You know, this ain't paradise

[Bridge]
Woah
I say the sun don't shine forever (Oh oh oh oh oh)
And everything that glitter ain't gold (Ahhh)
I say love don't love forever (Oh oh oh oh oh)
And everything that's new gets old (Rahhhhh)

[Verse 3]
Sometimes we try to find the road to the riches
Need roadside assistance
Blisters on my knees, from beggin' for forgiveness
Ain't no dollars on my trees, but mileage on my feet
'Cause I been climbin' to the peak, and runnin' from the bullshit
I'm tired of playin' the same song, who told the DJ bring it back?
Dead Presidents, bullet in Abraham Lincoln hat
Starin' at big poster, I swear that he be winkin' back
Cut school, sell crack, sorry I'm just thinkin' back
Call me crazy, I've been called worse
It's like I have it all, but what's it all worth?
Ha ha, I'm probably better in my afterlife
I should cherish life, but this just ain't paradise

[Outro]
Oh no, this ain't paradise! Oh no, this ain't paradise!
Oh no, this ain't paradise! (Oh, ohh ohh ohh)
This ain't paradise; no, this ain't paradise
This ain't paradise

[Intro: DJ Drama]
Well-Well-Well Done
Pay attention
Dramatic, Dramatic

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Tonight I want me a wonder woman
Who can save my life
Wanna feel her power right now
A real wonder woman, come be my hero
You can take your cape off
You don't need that to save my heart
You just need to take me, I know you can fly
Because I see right through your disguise

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Uh, damn she bad, damn she bad, heels with the matching bag
Mirror with the lip gloss, lick her lips and then she laugh
Lady Gaga colored Mac, all her friends using that
She could be on magazines, but she ain't really into that
Ow, da-damn she bad (bad), had to say it twice (twice)
It's getting late, you should spend the night (night)
No rushing thangs, got a whole lot of game (game)
And I'm stuck in my ways, but just for you, I'll change
Polaroid camera, put this moment on your freezer
5 in the morning, yawning, kiss ya while you sleeping
Half awake, I can see you peeking
Wake up, baby 'cause

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Tonight I want me a wonder woman
Who can save my life
Wanna feel her power right now
A real wonder woman, come be my hero
You can take your cape off
You don't need that to save my heart
You just need to take me, I know you can fly
Because I see right through your disguise

[Verse 2: Tyga]
All shit aside, I love the way you walk
You got that indie glow, give me some time to watch
Freeze, freeze, you put my heart into anesthesia
I love you 'round the clock, won't stop 'til I get enough
Overtime, overtime, I put in for that Valentine
Know you 'preciate it, baby, lingerie La Perla lacing
Let's get naked, rip our clothes off
I'm the doctor, you my nurse in a uniform
Head game outta control, superheroes on the floor
Bruce Banner beat it up, then I turn into the Hulk
Be my Betty Ross
Make the bed rock, all night long

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Tonight I want me a wonder woman
Who can save my life
Wanna feel her power right now
A real wonder woman, come be my hero
You can take your cape off
You don't need that to save my heart
You just need to take me, I know you can fly
Because I see right through your disguise

[Outro: DJ Drama]
Well-Well-Well Done

[Intro]
Hey, dont trip, bitch
Matter fact I got something you can trip on
Gonna need your expensive luggage for this one

[Hook]
I might be with my girl
But you can bring your girls too
And we can do all the kinky things you
Think you ain't supposed to
I’ll take you out this world
And we can’t get commercial
See I’ma need privacy its obvious you ain't learned
So, I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly

[Verse 1]
And she dug my chain
Love my swag, how I does my thang
Love my slang, talk just like me
Say she proud to be Taylor Gang (Taylor Gang?)
Man I’m paid
Tell the waitress bring more champagne
I done made what you tryin' to get
And my style is sick cause im taylor made
Got no time to waste
See its like we in a race
All the bitches in this club that would die to take your place
Girl they call me Mr. Spacely
And I can let you taste me
But you been on the ground for so long
I can teach you to fly

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I’ll take you all the around the world
If we do some things you can get your wings, hey
I’ll take you anywhere you wanna go
Private beaches in the sand; Paris, France, Tokyo
We party, we livin
We party, we livin
We party, we livin
That good life, I’m gettin it, I’m gravy
No show unless the club owner pays me
Red Bull lil Goose got her crazy
No wheels, the girls wanna kick it where the planes be
But we fly-y-y, I can take you somewhere in the sky, girl
Got chicks in the cabin, laughin
Autograph 'em, let her call me Captain
It ain't just at home, I get love anywhere that we go
I’m always on the road, my bank got a lot of zeros
I’m tellin ya
I got all of this paper no one to spend it on lately
And you’ve been on the ground for so long
I’ma teach you to fly

[Hook]

[Outro]
I’ll take you all the around the world
(I can teach you to fly)
I’ll take you anywhere you wanna go
(I can teach you to fly, I can teach you to fly)
Ill take you all the around the world
(I can teach you to fly)
I’ll take you anywhere you wanna go

[Verse 1]
(Hey) Hey ladies in the place, I'm callin' out to ya
There never was a city kid truer and bluer
There's more to me than you'll ever know
And I got more hits than Sadaharu Oh
Tom Thumb, Tom Cushman, or Tom Foolery
Date women on TV with the help of Chuck Woolery
Words flowin' out just like the Grand Canyon
And I'm always out lookin' for a female companion
I threw the lasso around the tallest one and dragged her to the crib
I took off her moccasins and put on the bib
Wheelin' and dealin', I make a little bit of a stealin'
I'll bring you back to the place and your dress I'm peelin'
Your body's on time and your mind is appealin'
Starin' at the cracks up there up on the ceilin'
Such and such will be the bass that I'm throwin'
I'm talking to a girl, telling her I'm all-knowing
Well, she's talking to the kid ("Who?" to the kid)
I'm telling her every lie that you know that I never did

[Chorus]
Hey ladies, get funky
All the ladies in the house
The ladies, the ladies

[Verse 2]
Well, me in the corner with a good-lookin' daughter
I dropped my drawers and said, "Welcome back Kotter"
We was cuttin' up the rug, she started cuttin' up the carpet
In my apartment, I begged her please stop it
The gift of gab is the gift that I have
And that girl ain't nothin' but a crab
Educated: no, stupid: yep
And when I say stupid, I mean stupid fresh
I'm not James At 15 or Chachi in charge
I'm Adam, and I'm adamant about livin' large
With the white Sassoons and the looks that kill
Makin' love in the back of my Coupe De Ville
I met a little cutie, she was all hopped up on zootie
I liked the little cutie, but I kicked her in the booty
Cause I don't kinda go for that messin' around
You be listenin' to my records', a number one sound
Step, step to the rhythm, step, step to the rhyme
I've got an open mind so why don't you all get inside
Tune in, turn on, to my tune that's live
Ladies flock like bees to a hive

[Chorus]
Hey ladies, get funky
Hey, hey, hey, hey, ladies
Girls, girls
Hey, hey, hey, hey, ladies
One more time, ain't it funky now
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, ladies
Ain't it funky now (You know that)

[Verse 3]
She's got a gold tooth, you know she's hardcore
She'll show you a good time, then she'll show you the door
Break up with your girl, it ended in tears
Vincent van Gogh, go and mail that ear
I call her in the middle of the night when I'm drinkin'
The phone booth on the corner is damp, and it's stinkin'
She said come on over, it was me that she missed
I threw that trash can through her window 'cause you know I got dissed
Your old lady left you, and you went insane
You blew yourself up in the back of the 6 Train
Well, take my advice at any price
A gorilla like your mother is mighty weak, man
Suckin' down pints 'til I didn't know
Woke up in the morning with the Won Ton Ho
'Cause I announce, I like girls that bounce
With the weight that pays about a pound per ounce
Girls with curls, and big long locks
And beatnik chicks, just wearing their smocks
Walkin' high and mighty like she's number one
She thinks she's the passionate one

[Chorus]
Hey ladies, get funky
What's that?
Good god
Good god, dance
Good god
Baby, baby, baby, baby
Ain't it funky, brother?
He, ha, ha, ha
Hey, hey, hey, hey, ladies
Hey, hey, ladies

[Instrumental Intro]

[Verse 1]
Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner
Sometimes I feel like my only friend
Is the city I live in, The City of Angels
Lonely as I am, together we cry

[Verse 2]
I drive on her streets 'cause she's my companion
I walk through her hills 'cause she knows who I am
She sees my good deeds and she kisses me windy
Well, I never worry, now that is a lie

[Chorus]
I don't ever wanna feel like I did that day
But take me to the place I love, take me all the way
I don't ever wanna feel like I did that day
But take me to the place I love, take me all the way

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, yeah yeah

[Verse 3]
It's hard to believe that there's nobody out there
It's hard to believe that I'm all alone
At least I have her love, the city, she loves me
Lonely as I am together we cry

[Chorus]
I don't ever wanna feel like I did that day
But take me to the place I love, take me all the way
I don't ever wanna feel like I did that day
But take me to the place I love, take me all the way

[Bridge]
Yeah, yeah yeah
Oh, no, no, no, yeah yeah
Love me, I say, yeah yeah
(One time)

[Outro]
Under the bridge downtown
Is where I drew some blood
Under the bridge downtown
I could not get enough
Under the bridge downtown
Forgot about my love
Under the bridge downtown
I gave my life away, yeah
Yeah yeah
Oh, no, no no no, yeah yeah
Oh no, I said oh, yeah yeah
Here I stay

[Verse 1]
Psychic spies from China try to steal your mind's elation
And little girls from Sweden dream of silver-screen quotation
And if you want these kind of dreams, it's Californication

[Verse 2]
It's the edge of the world and all of Western civilization
The sun may rise in the East, at least it settled in a final location
It's understood that Hollywood sells Californication

[Bridge]
Pay your surgeon very well to break the spell of aging
Celebrity skin: is this your chin or is that war you're waging?

[Pre-Chorus]
First born unicorn
Hardcore soft porn

[Chorus]
Dream of Californication
Dream of Californication

[Verse 3]
Marry me, girl, be my fairy to the world, be my very own constellation
A teenage bride with a baby inside getting high on information
And buy me a star on the boulevard, it's Californication

[Verse 4]
Space may be the final frontier but it's made in a Hollywood basement
And Cobain, can you hear the spheres singing songs off Station to Station?
And Alderaan's not far away, it's Californication

[Bridge]
Born and raised by those who praise control of population
Well, everybody's been there, and I don't mean on vacation

[Pre-Chorus]
First born unicorn
Hardcore soft porn

[Chorus]
Dream of Californication
Dream of Californication
Dream of Californication
Dream of Californication

[Guitar Solo]

[Verse 5]
Destruction leads to a very rough road but it also breeds creation
And earthquakes are to a girl's guitar, they're just another good vibration
And tidal waves couldn't save the world from Californication

[Bridge]
Pay your surgeon very well to break the spell of aging
Sicker than the rest, there is no test, but this is what you're craving

[Pre-Chorus]
First born unicorn
Hardcore soft porn

[Chorus]
Dream of Californication
Dream of Californication
Dream of Californication
Dream of Californication

[Verse 1]
Can't stop, addicted to the shindig
Chop Top, he says I'm gonna win big
Choose not a life of imitation
Distant cousin to the reservation

[Verse 2]
Defunct, the pistol that you pay for
This punk, the feelin' that you stay for
In time I want to be your best friend
East side love is living on the West End

[Verse 3]
Knocked out, but, boy, you better come to (Oh, oh-oh)
Don't die, you know, the truth as some do (Oh-oh)
Go write your message on the pavement (Oh-oh)
Burn so bright, I wonder what the wave meant

[Pre-Chorus 1]
White heat is screamin' in the jungle (Oh, oh-oh)
Complete the motion if you stumble (Oh-oh)
Go ask the dust for any answers (Oh-oh)
Come back strong with fifty belly dancers

[Chorus]
The world I love, the tears I drop
To be part of the wave, can't stop
Ever wonder if it's all for you?
The world I love, the trains I hop
To be part of the wave, can't stop
Come and tell me when it's time to

[Verse 4]
Sweetheart is bleeding in the snow cone
So smart, she's leadin' me to ozone
Music, the great communicator
Use two sticks to make it in the nature

[Verse 5]
I'll get you into penetration
The gender of a generation
The birth of every other nation
Worth your weight, the gold of meditation

[Verse 6]
This chapter's gonna be a close one (Oh, oh-oh)
Smoke rings, I know you're gonna blow one (Oh-oh)
All on a spaceship, persevering (Oh-oh)
Use my hands for everything but steering

[Pre-Chorus 2]
Can't stop the spirits when they need you (Oh, oh-oh)
Mop tops are happy when they feed you (Oh-oh)
J. Butterfly is in the treetop (Oh-oh)
Birds that blow the meaning into bebop

[Chorus]
The world I love, the tears I drop
To be part of the wave, can't stop
Ever wonder if it's all for you?
The world I love, the trains I hop
To be part of the wave, can't stop
Come and tell me when it's time to

[Bridge]
Wait a minute, I'm passin' out, win or lose
Just like you
Far more shockin' than anything I ever knew
How 'bout you?
Ten more reasons why I need somebody new
Just like you
Far more shockin' than anything I ever knew
Right on cue

[Guitar Solo]

[Verse 1]
Can't stop, addicted to the shindig
Chop Top, he says I'm gonna win big
Choose not a life of imitation
Distant cousin to the reservation

[Verse 2]
Defunct, the pistol that you pay for (Oh, oh-oh)
This punk, the feelin' that you stay for (Oh-oh)
In time I want to be your best friend (Oh-oh)
East side love is living on the West End

[Verse 3]
Knocked out, but boy, you better come to (Oh, oh-oh)
Don't die, you know, the truth is some do (Oh-oh)
Go write your message on the pavement (Oh-oh)
Burn so bright, I wonder what the wave meant

[Verse 7]
Kick start the golden generator
Sweet talk but don't intimidate her
Can't stop the gods from engineering
Feel no need for any interfering

[Verse 8]
Your image in the dictionary
This life is more than ordinary
Can I get two, maybe even three of these?
Comin' from the space to teach you of the Pleiades

[Outro]
Can't stop the spirits when they need you
This life is more than just a read-through

[Verse 1: Flo Rida]
Hey, Ms. Red Carpet
She can autograph my pockets
Anytime, anyplace, anyway
I'll be looking at everybody else watching
I don't wanna be obnoxious
But this girl worth the gossip
Take away the smile
The tattoos now, forever she very guardless
I imagine her topless
She might set off my rocket
10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
On and poppin'
She mad marketing
Attitude like we arguing
Return, I'm gonna celebrate, glitter to my life
I should twitter this is girl, she's sparkling

[Chorus: Akon]
She ain't no Rockstar
But she's got Groupies
She ain't no actress
But she makes movies
And when she struts that thing around
Everybody be breaking their neck like
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?
She ain't got riches
But she's got fashion
She ain't a model
But camera's flashing
And when she struts that thing around
Everybody be breaking their neck like
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?

[Verse 2: Flo Rida]
Hey, they wanna know my mam name
'Cause that where she get from
They ain't never shot her with silicone
Shawty is her and her she's the real one
Touch one, grab one, feel one
I wish she would'a told me that
Ain't nothing wrong bringing the old me back
Little mamma knows my body so trophy glass
She worth it, bring me some Chloe bags
Like damn, can I be yo' police badge?
Pull it up, get a little cozy and
Woman is sort'a like a oldie jam
Record some shh on a playboy cam
She ain't no actress
The movie found my mattress
Rockstar, none of that practice
But still she's got fanatics

[Chorus: Akon]
She ain't no Rockstar
But she's got Groupies
She ain't no actress
But she makes movies
And when she struts that thing around
Everybody be breaking their neck like
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?
She ain't got riches
But she's got fashion
She ain't a model
But camera's flashing
And when she struts that thing around
Everybody be breaking their neck like
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?

[Verse 3: Flo Rida]
Oh, whoa, whoa
Look at her
Go, whoa, whoa
I wanna know, whoa, whoa
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?
Oh, whoa, whoa
Look at her
Go, whoa, whoa
I wanna know, whoa, whoa
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?

[Chorus: Akon]
She ain't no Rockstar
But she's got Groupies
She ain't no actress
But she makes movies
And when she struts that thing around
Everybody be breaking their neck like
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?
She ain't got riches
But she's got fashion
She ain't a model
But camera's flashing
And when she struts that thing around
Everybody be breaking their neck like
Who dat girl, who dat girl, who dat girl?

[Intro]
I can’t read!
(I'm gonna throw up)
I got 5
"I got 5 on it 2, my nigga"
(You smoking, my nigga?)
Nah, I ain't smoking
"Come on, nigga! Just hit the fucking-"
Nah, you know I don't smoke
"This nigga never want to smoke, my nigga"
I'm high off life, nigga
"Straight edge ass nigga"
I'm good man
"If you ain't gonna fuckin' smoke nigga, then just rap for us, nigga"
Aight nigga, I got this
Yo, yo, look

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
I'm Tyler, Mr. Green Hat
Pro-abortion, anti-clean rap
Fuck your blog opinion and your feedback
My self-respect I leave that, in the lost and found
Where the black girls get their weaves back
Awesome I achieve that mini, blasting "You're a jerk"
In some fucking yellow skinnies looking like a fucking faggot
Bouncing 'round the house trying to find an easy way to rape Minnie
Bet you thirty dollars you find her like Cartman found Kenny, dead
I like my girls smart, skinny
Kinda pop tart, when I bite into them red
I'm a self-racist, you should tape this, ask Sarah, I'm the rapist
I'm a fascist, fuck fashion, Gucci belts is for them faggots
My hat is by Jabbia, and if you got a fucking problem
With the future, you can get a death wish just like Atiba
Fuck the biz apparent, Odd Future errant
I'm watching the Berrics getting head from someone's parent
A lot of fucking hate inside my heart, guaranteed
That I'm sharing in the force with the cyclops staring
I'm flying on a beaver, you're a disbeliever
So don't ask for no mothafuckin' ride when you see us
Swim right past you, the shit-list said that I'm nutty such a cashew
'Cause I jack off with dish soap and smell gas fumes
Permanent brain damage similar to tattoos
The shit, you can mention me if anybody ask you
Kill the jungle, let the cats loose
You didn't see me here if someone ask you

[Verse 2: Hodgy Beats]
I want to feel her in every way
Mary Jane keeps me high like every day
Bong, vaporizer, in the sack now
Stuck in my high, afraid of heights, I'm trapped
Buy a swisher for a dollar or two blunt wraps
Roll it up and ensure that everything's fat
She ain't got time to try and relieve ya
But she'll get all in your head, Sativa

[Verse 3: brandUn DeShay]
I'm good but y'all don't want me like vegetables
I'm all in front of you zeroes like decimals (woah)
Let's take them high like the decibels
So we get them high, get them high like cholesterol
In a overweight mother-lover, my tracks is filled with blubber
That's fat, who needs another producer?
Chica-Go-Getter from Odd Future, used to ride solo
'Cause I ain't really care what the rest say
Type of nigga to jerk off to his own sex tape
Best stay away when the door closed, I show up with four hoes
Best believe I'm leaving with more of those
And I got a girlfriend so I'm a keep lying til the verse end, FIN
BrandUn DeShay, Hodgy Beats, Ace the Creator
Odd Future, O.F. until, until... from now until forever, Peace

[Alternate Verse 3: Mike G]
We grind, these niggas asking for some promo
We sit back, observe, stacking hella box logos
Square circle jerks starting O.F. moshpit
Preaching to the poets, I'm an O.F. prophet
No less profit, fiened when we drop shit
Convertible coupe, bitches scream when they tops split
It's that crack, give you something to sell
Put these bitches on lock down, something like jail
Thought she hot I swear, probably rougher than hell
And she ain't gay, but the only thing she like is fucking Chanel
Light skinned women, all sex everything
Think we can fit ten in, bowls packed with everything
Everything that we call flight, living life
This is everything that they call hype
I'm everything that they call nice
She in colors and shit, she off that northern lights, right
Intimidated by niggas you can't be
I'm a G, and this is something you can't see
Top ranked, number one my son
And she looking for them trees, baby we got some
And stay focused on the women and you get less done
It's ironic cause I always hear you talking about one
Them other niggas smoke, they ain't this high
How high? Nigga, higher than the kites they fly

[Chorus]
Aye you probably think you know where this is goin’
But this ain’t one of them kinda songs
Somebody roll a joint, grab a bong
While I forget it all and get stoned

[Verse 1]
And I remember back in the day
Before I thought about gettin’ paid
The ladies ain’t wan’ give me no play
The haters ain't have nothin’ to say
They never let me into the club
The radio ain’t show me no love
Gave my all, but it just wasn’t enough
And complaining too, it’s just how it was
And now I’m just posted
With my baddest bitch and we just kick it
In this villa watching pictures gettin' roasted
Vision gettin’ clearer yea she open
But her eyes low, never under the clouds baby we floatin’

[Chorus]
Aye you probably think you know where this is goin’
But this ain’t one of them kinda songs
Somebody roll a joint, grab a bong
While I forget it all and get stoned

[Verse 2]
I started coming up in the game
And people started knowin’ my name
They tried to put me into that lane
And we had to go our separate ways
Instead of fussin’ and flippin’ out
I did my thing and figured it out
Security trippin' I ain’t puttin' it out
Smokin loud
And all my peoples got champagne, fast cars by the bar wasted
Potent marijuana that aroma make her wanna taste it
Horses in my car, little Louis on my bracelet
When you live just like a star it feels so amazing

[Chorus]
Aye you probably think you know where this is goin’
But this ain’t one of them kinda songs
Somebody roll a joint, grab a bong
While I forget it all and get stoned

[Verse 3]
Aye you probably think you know where this is goin'
But this ain’t one of them kinda songs
Somebody roll and let’s get it on
While I forget it all and get zoned
Uh high but I’m focused one thing they know is
(If you rollin' with the gang, then you rollin' up another plane)
Ok no stems, no seeds I keep it G
And them lame niggas get dissed I let that bad bitch twist
Big Snoop Dogg
Can you be my doctor?
Can you fix me up?
Can you wipe me down?
So I can lick you up
Make you give it up, give it up
Til you say my name
Like a jersey, jersey
Shittin' down the game
Be my head coach
So you can put me in
And never take me off
Til you can taste the win
Do it again and again
Til you say my name
And by the way I'm so glad that you came

Tell me baby are you wet
I'm gonna get you wet
Tell tell me baby are you wet
I just wanna get you wet wet
Drip, drip, drip, drip, for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip
Drip drip, drip, drip for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip

She's hot on a rainy day
Don't drown
Call me up
I can save you now
Lick your feet and kiss your mouth
Swisha sweet, I got you out
There's only one way we can stop the drought
Come with me take a trip down south
I can tell she's thirsty
I'm in the hole like a birdie
What you wanna do tonight
It's still early
Wanna get spewed tonight
She's all sturdy
I'm in between your lips
Like a cigarette
She wanna quit
But she wanna make it, make it, make it wet

I'm gonna get you wet
Tell tell me baby are you wet
I just wanna get you wet
Drip, drip, drip, drip, for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip
Drip drip, drip, drip for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip

Can you, can you get me up?
Like I'm late for my first class
So I can give it to you rough
Like a first draft
Hold you like a paper plane
You know I got paper babe
But fuck them dollar bills
Girl make it rain
Holiday Inn, come
Meet me on the 8th floor
Damn it feels good but I feel bad for them maids though
And I, apologize
But when I slip inside I turn girls into slip n slide
It's a flood in your heart love
Girl let me pop up in your hot tub
Every night every day
Sippin' on a different drink
Different chicks different days
I do it different ways
Where you going
What'd you say
I want her river flowing to another lake
Another ocean another ocean
On the beach on the beach
I'm bout to take a swim
Let let me dip my feet and get wet
I wanna get you wet
Tell tell me baby are you wet
I just wanna get you wet

Drip, drip, drip, drip, for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip
Drip drip, drip, drip for me mami
Can you drip, drip, drip

[Verse 1]
Man, fuck it I was on though
And I thought I found the girl of my dreams at the strip club
Uh, uh, fuck it I was wrong though
Shout out to all my niggas living tax free
Nowadays it’s six figures when they tax me
Oh well, guess you lose some and win some
Long as the outcome is income
You know I want it all and then some
Shout to all my Asian girls, Dim Sum
Shots came I don’t know where they descend from
Probably some bad hoes, I’m 'bout to take your hemp from
Yeah, you know me well, nigga
I mean you ain't the only the real nigga
They got me on these white women like Seal, nigga
Slave to the pussy, but I’m just playing the field, nigga
Are these people really discussing my career again?
Asking about me going platinum in a year again
Don’t I got that shit the world, wanna hear again?
Don’t Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in?
Man all of your flows just bore me, paint drying
I’m never tripping over anything that ain't mine
I’m hearing the shit that you say through the grape vine
But jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
It’s been that way from the beginning
I just been playing I didn't notice I was winning
And this is the only sound you should fear
And the kids wearing crowns over here and everything is alright

[Intro]
Now usually I don't do this but uh
Go 'head on break 'em off with a lil' previews of the remix

[Verse 1]
Now, I'm not trying to be rude
But hey, pretty girl, I'm feelin' you
The way you do the things you do
Reminds me of my Lexus coupe
That's why I'm all up in your grill
Tryin' to get you to a hotel
You must be a football coach
The way you got me playin' the field

[Pre-Chorus]
So baby, gimme that "Toot-toot"
And let me give you that "Beep-beep"
Runnin' her hands through my 'fro
Bouncin' on twenty-fo's
While they sayin' on the radio (Check it out)

[Chorus]
It's the remix to "Ignition"
Hot and fresh out the kitchen
Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' (Wishin' now)
Sippin' on Coke and rum (Rum)
I'm like, "So what? I'm drunk" (Drunk)
It's the freakin' weekend, baby, I'm about to have me some fun (Fun)

[Post-Chorus]
Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce
Bounce, bounce, bounce (C'mon)

[Verse 2]
Now, it's like "Murder She Wrote"
Once I get you out them clothes
“Privacy” is on the door
But still they can hear you screamin' “More”
Girl, I'm feelin' what you're feelin'
No more hopin' and wishin'
I'm about to take my key and
Stick it in the ignition

[Pre-Chorus]
So, gimme that "Toot-toot"
Let me give you that "Beep-beep"
Runnin' her hands through my 'fro
Bouncin' on twenty-fo's
While they sayin' on the radio (Check it out)

[Chorus]
It's the remix to "Ignition"
Hot and fresh out the kitchen
Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' (Wishin' now)
Sippin' on Coke and rum (Rum)
I'm like, "So what? I'm drunk" (Drunk)
It's the freakin' weekend, baby, I'm about to have me some fun (Fun)

[Verse 3]
Cristal poppin' in the stretch Navigator ('gator)
We got food everywhere ('where)
As if the party was catered (Catered)
We've got fellas to my left (Left)
Honeys on my right (Right)
We bring 'em both together, we got jukin' all night
Then after the show, it's the after party
Yeah, and after the party, it's the hotel lobby
Yeah, around about four, you gotta clear the lobby
Then take it to your room and ... somebody

[Pre-Chorus]
Can I get a "Toot-toot"?
Can I get a "Beep-beep"?
Runnin' her hands through my 'fro (Yeah)
Bouncin' on twenty-fo's (C'mon)
While they sayin' on the radio (Check it out)

[Chorus]
It's the remix to "Ignition"
Hot and fresh out the kitchen
Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' (C'mon)
Sippin' on Coke and rum (Rum)
I'm like, "So what? I'm drunk" (Drunk)
It's the freakin' weekend, baby, I'm about to have me some fun (Check it out)
('Cause it's the) It's the remix to "Ignition" (C'mon)
Hot and fresh out the kitchen (Yeah)
Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' (Wishin' now)
Sippin' on Coke and rum (Yeah)
I'm like, "So what? I'm drunk" (Uh-huh)
It's the freakin' weekend, baby, (Yeah) I'm about to have me some fun (C'mon)

[Outro]
Girl, we off in this Jeep, foggin' windows up
Blastin' the radio, in the back of my truck
Bouncin' up and down, stroke it 'round and 'round
To the remix, we just thuggin' it out

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
It was all good just a week ago, niggas feel theyself
And that Watch the Throne drop, niggas kill theyself
What niggas gon' do, Hov?
This the new crack, on a new stove
I'm in the two-door, true that, niggas telling me, "You back!"
Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, huh?
And if life's a bitch, bet she suck my dick, huh
And I bet she fucked the whole clique, huh
By the way, nigga, you should fucking quit, nigga
Just forget it, you talk it, I live it
Like Eli, I did it, joke's on you, motherfucker and I get it, haha
No paper, ho, but you can have some more of me
Or-a-gy or are we speaking metaphorically?
Historically I'm kicking bitches out like Pam, nigga
Going HAM, nigga, me and Jigga
And a nigga still young, wanna have no kids
But I've been practicing with some actresses as bad as shit
Had a few white girls, asses flat as shit
But the head's so good, damn, a nigga glad he hit
Got 'em jumping out the building, watch out below
A million out the door

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I'm about to go HAM
Hard as a motherfucker, let these niggas know who I am
I'm about to go HAM
Hard as a motherfucker, let these niggas know who I am

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Fuck y'all mad at me for?
Y'all don't even know what I've been through
I played chicken with a Mack truck
Y'all motherfuckers woulda been moved
I swam waters with great whites
Y'all motherfuckers woulda been chewed
I hustled with vultures late nights
Y'all motherfuckers woulda been food
Fuck wrong with these dudes? Try to walk around in these shoes
See the shit I saw growing up
Then maybe you could take a peek at these boos
Niggas fantasize about the shit that I do daily
Like these rappers rap about all the shit that I do really
I'm like, "Really, half a billi,' nigga, really?" You got baby money
Keep it real with niggas, niggas ain't got my lady money
Watch the throne, don't step on our robe
Bad enough we let you step on our globe
When my nephew died, daddy dead
Nigga took the price on my uncle's head
Nobody called the cops as my uncle bled
So I feel like I would like to know my uncle's bread
Bow down, brother, pay homage
Don't spill hate all on my garments
Comme des Garçons, fuck yo' fresh
Head shots, nigga, fuck your vest
Fuck the pig, no pork on my fork
Peace, God, 'cause you know a nigga just went

[Chorus: Jay-Z]
HAM
Hard as a motherfucker, let these niggas know who I am
Yeah, I'm 'bout to go HAM
Hard as a motherfucker, let these niggas know who I am
Yeah, I'm 'bout to go HAM

[Outro]
Vivat rex in homine
Vivat rex in homine
Vivat rex in homine
Vivat rex in homine

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Greetings, loved ones
Let's take a journey

[Verse 1: Katy Perry]
I know a place where the grass is really greener
Warm, wet and wild
There must be something in the water
Sipping gin and juice
Laying underneath the palm trees (Undone)
The boys break their necks
Tryna creep a little sneak peek (At us)

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You could travel the world
But nothing comes close to the golden coast
Once you party with us
You'll be falling in love
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 2: Katy Perry]
Sex (Sex) on the beach
We don't mind sand in our stilettos
We freak in my Jeep ​*horn honks*​
Snoop Doggy Dogg on the stereo, oh-oh

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You could travel the world (You could travel the world)
But nothing comes close to the golden coast
Once you party with us (Once you party with us)
You'll be falling in love
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Chorus: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg)]
California girls, we're unforgettable (California)
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
California girls (California), we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent (West Coast), now put your hands up
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg & Katy Perry, Both]
Toned, tan, fit and ready
Turn it up cause it's getting heavy
Wild, wild, West Coast
These are the girls I love the most
I mean the ones, I mean like she's the one
Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns (Uh!)
The girl's a freak
She drive a Jeep and live on the beach
I'm okay, I won't play
I love the Bay just like I love L.A
Venice Beach and Palm Springs
Summertime is everything
Homeboys banging out
All that ass hanging out
Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies
Just the king and a queenie
Katy, my lady (Yeah?)
Lookie here, baby (Uh-huh)
I'm all up on ya
'Cause you representin' California (Oh-oh, yeah)

[Chorus: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg)]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Come on, come on)
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent (West Coast, West Coast)
Now put your hands up (Aye, aye)
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Outro: Snoop Dogg & (Katy Perry)]
(California, California girls)
California girls, man
(California) Hahahaha
(California Girls)
I really wish you all could be California girls

[Verse 1]
Blue jean baby, L.A. lady
Seamstress for the band
Pretty-eyed, pirate smile
You'll marry a music man
Ballerina, you must've seen her
Dancing in the sand
And now she's in me, always with me
Tiny dancer in my hand

[Verse 2]
Jesus freaks out in the street
Handing tickets out for God
Turning back, she just laughs
The boulevard is not that bad
Piano man, he makes his stand
In the auditorium
Looking on, she sings the songs
The words she knows, the tune she hums

[Pre-Chorus]
But, oh, how it feels so real
Lying here with no one near
Only you, and you can hear me
When I say softly, slowly

[Chorus]
Hold me closer, tiny dancer
Count the headlights on the highway
Lay me down in sheets of linen
You had a busy day today
Hold me closer, tiny dancer
Count the headlights on the highway
Lay me down in sheets of linen
You had a busy day today

[Verse 1]
Blue jean baby, L.A. lady
Seamstress for the band
Pretty-eyed, pirate smile
You'll marry a music man
Ballerina, you must've seen her
Dancing in the sand
And now she's in me, always with me
Tiny dancer in my hand

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh, how it feels so real
Lying here with no one near
Only you, and you can hear me
When I say softly, slowly

[Chorus]
Hold me closer, tiny dancer
Count the headlights on the highway
Lay me down in sheets of linen
You had a busy day today
Hold me closer, tiny dancer
Count the headlights on the highway
Lay me down in sheets of linen
You had a busy day today
Ooh

[Produced by Kanye West & Jon Brion]

[Chorus: Kanye West, The Game, & Choir]
That's that crack music, nigga
That real Black music, nigga
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la
That's that crack music, nigga
That real Black music, nigga
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
How we stop the Black Panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearin'
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure, man
Put the CD on your tongue—yeah, that's pure, man

[Chorus: Kanye West, The Game, & Choir]
That's that crack music, nigga
That real Black music, nigga
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la
That's that crack music, nigga
That real Black music, nigga
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
From the place where the fathers gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the maricons lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say? "We just tryin' to party, holmes"
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood, it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda, raised they whole quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove 'cause...
Dreams of being Hova
Went from bein' a broke man to bein' a dopeman
To bein' the president—look, there's hope, man!
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks, man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin'
And this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you 'round that

[Chorus: Kanye West, The Game, & Choir]
Crack music, nigga
That real Black music, nigga
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la
That's that crack music, nigga
That real Black music, nigga
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la

[Break: Kanye West]
God, how could you let this happen?

[Interlude: Choir]
La la la la la la la
La la la la la la la
La la la
La la la
La la la la la la la
La la la la la la la
La la la
La la la

[Chorus: Kanye West, The Game, & Choir]
Ugh, that's that crack music, crack music
That real Black music, Black music
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la
That's that crack music, nigga
That real Black music, nigga
La la la la la la la
La la la la la la la
La la la la la la la
La la la la la la la
La la la la la la la
La la la la la la la
Ugh, that's that crack music, crack music
That real Black music, Black music
La la la la la la la la
La la la, la la la

[Outro: Malik Yusef]
Our Father, give us this day, our daily bread
Before the feds give us these days and take our daily bread
See, I done did all this ol' bullshit
And to atone, I throw a lil' somethin'-somethin' on the pulpit
We took that shit, measured it, and then cooked that shit
And what we gave back was crack music
And now, we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
So our mamas ain't got to be they cooks and nannies
And we gon' repo everything they ever took from granny
Now, the former slaves trade hooks for Grammys
This dark diction has become America's addiction
Those who ain't even Black use it
We gon' keep baggin' up this here crack music

[Verse One]
Look, I bought it out like stunna
I hope when we kiss we make you sick to your stomach
Stuntin' like my daddy and yo momma eat rubbers
I bet that I can do the mouth to mouth with your woman
My house is a dungeon
Yellow diamond ring looking like a little Funyun
Stand on my toes you can call me Paul Bunyan
Touchin up my flows like a nigga do construction
The microphone wet cause my words like seduction
And when we on the jet you don't come up in our discussion
And if you say you ballin we probably don't trust ya
And I know plenty freaky hoes that probably won't fuck ya
Even if you payin boy they probably won't fuck ya
Only if I say that she can touch you like Busta
But she might touch ya and burn you like Usher
Me and my clique be in red like Russia
I shit these rappers out and sometimes I forget to flush ya
Grand daddy purp or Bubba kush crush ya
Explode in a bitch mouth like a Gusher
Cash Money, Young Money, check the production
I am just a Martian prepared for abduction

[Laughs x2]

[Verse Two]
I walk it out like crutches
Two girls jumped me like double dutches
My nigga T-Street know a girl name Dutchess
And every time he see her in the street she be cussin'
I told him he should wave the black flag cause she buggin'
He said the pussy good he said "Ya dig?" so I dug 'em
I'm looking for a real bad bitch with a husband
I give her much dick and a whole lot of nothing
I'm spittin like I stumbled on a gold pot or something
And when I was six I saw my role model hustlin
So I gotta hustle
These rappers talkin' 'bout a whole lot of nothin
You drive me out on Saturday, I sold out on Sunday
Fuck is the argue 'bout, nigga Tha Carter out
This is what I call a drought.. 3
And we don't walk it out, we drop top Porsche it out
They better walk 'em out, before we chalk 'em out
We chalk it out, we chalk it out
We chalk it out, we chalk it out
We chalk it out, we chalk it out
We chalk it out, we choke 'em out
They don't want it nah-uh
No they don't want it nah-uh
You see they phony I'm not
Oh yeah they phony I'm not
I Eastside walk it out, I bring New Orleans out
I am a Saints fan, oh yeah we marchin' now
Like we're a saints band, I play the organs now
And if they talkin' most likely I'm what they talkin' 'bout
My nigga T from the East roll up that forest now
Man I'm just trying to get my peanuts I'm like Charlie Brown
Ok that Uzi make the holy sound, take two of these and walk around
Come straight from the homeless town, this game belong to Carter now, bitch

[Intro]
I make it hot
What the fuck
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
Yeah, I am the man
You know who I am
Girl I'm in the spot
Shawty, I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it hot(I make it hot)
I make it h-h-hot (yeaah)
Never not enough for you
Yeah, I am the man
You know who I am
Girl I'm in the spot
Shawty, I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it h-h-hot (yeaah)
Never not enough for you

[Verse 1]
You, saw you at the bar
With a couple of your friends
Thinkin' you can bring them all
Soon as I hit the door
To hit the floor
I'm on some star shit
Before I know I got a bad bitch up in my car
I pull out my cigar, hit the gas
And I'm gone
She know what it is
So ain't no need to ask where we goin' (goin')
A glass of Patron
Out the bottle, got you ready
I'm feelin' make it hot (hot)
So you don't forget
I tell her (what you tell her?)
I can make you famous (yeahh)
I can make you famous (yeahh)
You been small timin', darlin'
I can make you major
Wanna know if I can get you home
Hope we don't wake the neighbors
She lick her lollipop
And I'm her favorite flavor (yeahh)

[Chorus]
Yeah, I am the man
You know who I am
Girl I'm in the spot
Shawty, I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it h-h-hot (yeaah)
Never not enough for you

[Verse 2]
You see I'm different for what you accustomed to
Flashing lights
When I pull up
I'll have you telling
All your little friends about the cars
About the cribs
And how a young nigga do ya
You a bad bitch
And you ain't like them same girls
Or my only one
But I'll make you my main girl
When niggas call your phone
You like click (click) click
We posin' for them cameras like flick (flick) flick
What can I say but
My life is like a movie (yeahh)
My life is like a movie (yeahh)
And I can have you in that starrin' roll
Just like you should be (like you should be)
I do these things magazines, boogie scenes
And you a pop bottle, top model, beauty queen (yeahh)

[Chorus]
Yeah, I am the man
You know who I am
Girl I'm in the spot
Shawty, I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it hot(I make it hot)
I make it h-h-hot (yeaah)
Never not enough for you
Yeah, I am the man
You know who I am
Girl I'm in the spot
Shawty, I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it hot(I make it hot)
I make it h-h-hot (yeaah)
Never not enough for you

[Verse 3]
Girl you know my name
Young Khalifa game
Shawties be at my spot
Money I make a lot (a lot)
Yeah, I do my thing
Yeah, I'm underage
Swear I'm underpaid
See the diamonds in my chain(yea)
Time is money why waste it
Cause your girl so thirsty, ma can tase it
Say I'm fly she wanna hop inside my spaceship
Ask her if she tired of that fake shit
She like "Yeah!"
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
Yeah, I am the man
You know who I am
Girl I'm in the spot
Shawty, I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it h-h-hot (yeaah)
Never not enough for you
Yeah, I am the man
You know who I am
Girl I'm in the spot
Shawty, I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it hot (I make it hot)
I make it h-h-hot (yeaah)
Never not enough for you

[Verse]
Who else really try to mess with Hollywood Cole
Treating Birmingham like my Hollywood shows
I'm tryin' to tell you something that you prolly should know
This that slumdog millionaire Bollywood flow
And ahh, my real friends never hearing from me
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me
That's why I pick and choose
I don't get shit confused
I'm not with different crews
We walk the same paths, but got on different shoes
We live in the same building, but we got different views
I got a couple cars, I never get to lose
Don't like my women single, I like my chicks in twos
And these days all the girls is down to roll
We hit the strip club, and all them girls find a pole
Tell your girl to tell her friend that it's time to go
Tell me today's weather
I know they say they good but trust me I'm better
I sound like the coldest Miami night ever
I'm cold but still hot you can't decide on a sweater
Really this whatever and I am murdering and this is so amusing
If there's a sight to see I am an illusion
I tell you I'm the man baby, what is the confusion
And if they still sleeping on me someone hit the snooze then
Keep sleeping while I sell a couple million
I'm headed for the moon, I ain't bout to hit the ceiling
I'm about to hit the club, women tell me I'm appealing
But fuck what they say, let me tell you how I'm feeling
I'm drinking, these London street lamps got a real glow
Drizzy playin' driving fast but it feels slow
And ask your man, he's a hater baby he don't know
I could kick a punt and turn that shit into a field goal
This here was meant to get buried
I got a lot of things, I mention those barely
I ain't lyin' to the kids, like the dentist ain't scary
I'm what Lebron was to St. Vincent-St. Mary's
But I ain't playin' high school games
Pulling McClarens through a McDonald's drive through lane
I'm too fly, keep it hip-hop like Afu Ra
Girl on that McClaren, you gotta lift the doors
Blades chopping through the city streets, liquid swords

[Intro]
And everyone should get along
Okay, children, quiet down, quiet down
Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day: his name is Mr. Shady
Children, quiet down please
Brian, don't throw that! (Shut up!)
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (He's got AIDS!)
Good luck, Mr. Shady!

[Verse 1]
Hi there, little boys and girls! (Fuck you!)
Today we're gonna learn how to poison squirrels
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?)
Say hi, Bob ("Hi, Bob!")
Bob's thirty and still lives with his mom
And he don't got a job 'cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
But his twelve-year-old brother looks up to him an awful lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock
When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog
Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks (Ahh!)
And even if they escaped and they got the cops
The ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge
'Til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
When she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said, "Knock it off!"
But Bob wouldn't knock it off, 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a doctor
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as he chopped it off her
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander
They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana
And what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want it—it's bad for you

[Chorus]
See, children, drugs are bad (Come on)
And if you don't believe me, ask your dad (Ask him, man)
And if you don't believe him, ask your mom (That's right)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (She will)
So kids, say no to drugs (That's right)
So you don't act like everyone else does (Uh-huh)
And there's really nothin' else to say (Sing along)
Drugs are just bad, mmkay?

[Verse 2]
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it?
Fuck, no! You ain't seen it! It's the size of a peanut (Huh?)
Speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels?
Ecstasy—it's the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached, or it'll attack every bone in your back
Meet Zach: twenty-one years old
After hangin' out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
And decides to try five when he's bribed by five guys
And the peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly, he starts to convulse
And his pulse goes into hyperdrive
And his eyes roll back in his skull (Blblblblblb)
His back starts to look like the McDonald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal, barfin' (Bleh)
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
"Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him!"
'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing
Except maybe wasting their money
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over
And his back and his shoulders hunched up like he's practicin' yoga
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels, class, 'cause it's bad for you

[Chorus]
See, children, drugs are bad (That's right)
And if you don't believe me, ask your dad (That's right)
And if you don't believe him, ask your mom (You can)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (She will)
So kids, say no to drugs (Don't smoke crack)
So you don't act like everyone else does (That's right)
And there's really nothin' else to say (But umm…)
Drugs are just bad, mmkay?

[Verse 3]
And last but not least, one of the most humongous
Problems among young people today is fungus
It grows from cow manure; they pick it out, wipe it off, bag it up
And you put it right in your mouth and chew it
Yum-yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of 'em
And sometimes, you see things that aren't there (Like what?)
Like fat women in G-strings with orange hair
(Mr. Shady, what's a G-string?) It's yarn, Claire
Women stick 'em up their behinds, go out and wear 'em (Huh?)
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops, did I say 'magic mushrooms?' I meant fungus
Your tongue gets all swoll up like a cow's tongue
(How come?) 'Cause it comes from a cow's dung (Gross!)
See, drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad know that's all that I'm good at (Oh!)
But don't be me, 'cause if you grow up and you go and OD
They're gonna come for me, and I'ma have to grow a goatee
And get a disguise and hide, 'cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't, 'cause I'm bad for you

[Chorus]
See, children, drugs are bad (Uh-huh)
And if you don't believe me, ask your dad (Put that down!)
And if you don't believe him, ask your mom (You can ask)
She'll tell you how she does 'em all the time (And she will)
So kids, say no to drugs (Say no)
So you don't act like everyone else does (Like I do)
And there's really nothin' else to say (That's right)
Drugs are just bad, mmkay?

[Outro]
Come on, children, clap along! (Shut up!)
Sing along, children! (Suck my motherfuckin' dick!)
Come on, clap along
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad (South Park is gonna sue me!)
So don't do drugs! (Kiss my motherfuckin' ass!)
So there'll be more for me (Hippie! Goddamn it!)
(Mushrooms killed Kenny!)
(Uh, the fart button's on) (*fart*) (Ew, ahh!)
La la la (So fucked up right now)

[Intro: Proof & Eminem]
Check it out!
Hey, Kyu!

[Chorus: Eye-Kyu]
It's a broke day but everything is okay (It's okay)
I'm up all night but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretendin' I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is okay (It's okay)
I'm up all night but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretendin' I belong here

[Verse 1: Eminem]
One day I plan to be a family man, happily married
I want to grow to be so old that I have to be carried
'Til I'm glad to be buried, and leave this crazy world
And have at least a half a million for my baby girl
It may be early to be plannin' this stuff
'Cause I'm still strugglin' hard to be the man, and it's tough
'Cause man, it's been rough, but still I manage enough
I've been taken advantage of
Damaged and scuffed, my hands have been cuffed
But I don't panic and huff, frantic and puff, or plan to give up
The minute shit hits the fan and erupts
I'm antein' up, double or nothin'
I've been troubled enough and I'm sick of strugglin' and sufferin'
See, my destiny's to rest in ease
'Til I'm impressed and pleased
With my progress I won't settle for less than cheese
I'm on a quest to seize all, my own label to call
Way before my baby is able to crawl
I'm too stable to fall, the pressure motivates
To know I hold the weight of boulders on my shoulder blades
I see the golden gates to Heaven on Earth
Where they don't pull a weapon on you when you're steppin' on turf, Kyu

[Chorus: Eye-Kyu]
It's a broke day but everything is okay (It's okay)
I'm up all night but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretendin' I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is okay (It's okay)
I'm up all night but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretendin' I belong here

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm goin' for broke, gamblin' and playin' for keeps
Every day in the streets, scramblin' and payin' for cheap
Prayin' for sleep, dreamin' with a waterin' mouth
Wishin' for a better life for my daughter and spouse
In this slaughterin' house
Caught up in bouts with the root of all evil
I've seen it turn beautiful people crude and deceitful
And make 'em do shit illegal for these Grants and Jacksons
These transactions explain a man's actions
But in the midst of this insanity, I found my Christianity
Through God and there's a wish he granted me
He showed me how to cope with the stress
And hope for the best, instead of mopin' depressed
Always gropin' a mess of flyin' over the nest
To sellin' dope with the rest
I quit smokin' cess to open my chest
Life is stressful inside this cesspool
Tryin' to wrestle, I almost bust a blood vessel
My little brother's tryin' to learn his mathematics
He's asthmatic, runnin' home from school away from crack addicts
Kids attract static, children with automatics
Takin' target practice on teens for Starter jackets
I'm usin' smarter tactics to overcome this slum
I won't become as dumb as some and succumb to scum
It's cumbersome, I'm tryin' to do well on this Earth
But it's been hell on this Earth since I fell on this Earth

[Chorus: Eye-Kyu]
It's a broke day but everything is okay (It's okay)
I'm up all night but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretendin' I belong here (Belong here)
It's a broke day but everything is okay (It's okay)
I'm up all night but everything is alright (It's alright)
It's a rough week and I don't get enough sleep (I can't sleep)
It's a long year pretendin' I belong here

[Outro: Eye-Kyu]
Ah
It's okay
Yeah, it's alright
Even though I can't sleep
Ah, yeah
It's okay
It's alright
I can't sleep

[?]

[Intro: Drake]
Please

[Verse 1: Drake]
D-d-d-d-damn what did I consume
Something spinnin' fast either me or it's the room
I bet you it's the room, cause I don't do no drugs
Or maybe it's that 'tron cause I sure do have a buzz
Baby either way I'm throwed and I am on a mission
So if your ears a virgin I'd advise you not to listen
Cause this shit isn't kosher and this shit isn't Christian
It's that motherfuckin' heat you can find up in the kitchen
Baby holla at your nigga, I got that shit for low
Okay maybe I don't but guarantee someone I know
Wait let me slow it down (down) I'm gettin' ahead (head)
Plus it's gettin' hot so I'm a take a seat instead (stead)
I'm lucky I ain't dead (dead) I'm on a rollercoaster ride y'all
We all of age and I ain't got nothin' to hide y'all
And in this game I'm a tidal when the tides small
So drop me in and I release just like a time bomb

[Chorus: Drake]
Every record that I've done, the station here they play it
This the city that I run, this the shit that I created
They tellin' me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearing things cause I'm feeling like I'm faded
I'm feelin' like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded
F-faded f-faded
I'm feelin' like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded
F-faded f-faded

[Verse 2: Nickelus F]
I just set the 40 ups, and I got two blunts
Bagging sour diesel, stinking like I got a few stumps
I’m sipping on lean, while you got fruit punch
Getting faded like clothes, I’ve been washed too much
Man, smoking with the devil got me high as an angel
Blow a smoke ring over my head, it’s a halo
Wake up, and bake up, spend the whole day slow
Head in the clouds, but my face low
Ayo, I got them percocets, you want a percocet?
Yo' girl got some nice titties, yeah, a perky set
I purchase cess ‘cause everyday I work with stress
High while I’m driving, it’s like I’m triyn’ to work a jet
And I smoke like a choo-choo train
So I stay low-key like Ja Rule new name
And I can barely walk, but it’s all good and dandy
Man, I’m so high I need a pilot to land me

[Chorus: Drake]
Every record that I've done, the station here they play it
This the city that I run, this the shit that I created
They tellin' me I'm the one and I haven't even made it
Maybe I'm hearing things cause I'm feeling like I'm faded
I'm feelin' like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded
F-faded f-faded
I'm feelin' like I'm faded faded f-faded f-faded faded f-faded f-faded faded
F-faded f-faded
I'm feelin' like I'm-

[Intro: Drake talking]
Okay...
There comes a time...
When you gotta be like
You know, I've come this far on my own, done a lot for myself
Where to now, you know?
But I just—I just tell myself this one thing

[Verse: Drake]
It was worth it, it was all worth it
And by this time, I understand that I ain't perfect
There ain't a pair of Louis shoes I ain't purchased
And I was on some shit, but they served they purpose
And I got verses, I got verses
My sixteens should be arriving in hearses
They get bodied, you see how I murk this
I switch flows much as my girl switch purses
Yeah, Heartbreak Drake, I'll put it on your wife
If I put it in a verse, then I put it on my life
Liquor that's over ice and denim that's overpriced
And tryna make all my goals for the future come overnight
Go—Go—Go—Goddamn, how time soars
I'm tryna get that house in Toronto with pine floors
Come over, watch a season of Flight of the Conchords
And I try to put some lotion all over your contours
But ugh, tell me you surfing, let me know you on board
You can't seal up the bottle once all of the Dom's poured
Yes, I swear to God, girl I put it on Lord
I'm tryna show you life through the tint on these Tom Fords
Ethiopian girl, Ethiopian girl
With your long, curly hair and yo' big ass boo-tay
Reading all them pro-Black, pro-female books
Just let 'em, let 'em know that you ain't no groupie
You need a prescription, a vision correction
I'm young and successful, I'm living perfection
And man, if '09 is when I'ma see mine
Being cool ain't enough, homie; I'ma freeze time, like that!

[Hook]
Uh Man verse by verse
I'mma make these weak niggas disperse
Man I swear verse by verse
I'mma make these weak rappers disperse
Man I'mma get 'em
I'mma get 'em
Watch me get 'em
I'mma get 'em
I'mma get 'em
I'mma get 'em
Watch me get 'em
I'mma get 'em

[Verse]
I'm very instrumental, to any instrumental
You ain't on my level my nigga, even a little
You at the bottom, not even at Malcolm in the middle
You homo ass nigga, (shh) go-N eat some skittles
Now hop up on the rainbow try to reach where I hang though
I'm a little further up then and near the angels
So at your highest point you still wouldn't reach my ankles
You are what you eat but that ain't true cause im anal? (eww)
And the people show love like a bear hug
I'm here to last, they temporary call em' haircuts
Fair enough I stand behind my balls like a felon does
If you a boss, meet the executor and when it come to paper, meet the editor
A little better brah you need to step, step it up
I'm on my business that's my forte, you?
You beat around the bush like foreplay
And they anticipating me like a court date
So for the bars Im'a charge like the court say
And if the court say they know I did it like OJ (what?)
Then im in the next city like a tour date
There ain't no I in team but it's in I in win
Ain't no "I" in lose but there's an "I" in him
Meaning me meaning moi, so beat the repertoire of the upper echelon
That's high, high in the sky, high to the point that I almost saw God. (Wow)
I stand out from the rest like Yao
But ain't gotta play ball to have you cheering
Perform so well I might as well take a bow
Shitting on these niggas' like a movement from my bowels
People wanna know how if feels in the clouds
But I guess they'll never know cause im never coming down
I started with a dream, added a little faith in
Mixed it with adversity and let it marinate
I put it in the oven for a while and let it bake (yup)
Call it food for thought, put it on your plate
A friend of mighty Motown, home sweet home
Where I roam like a phone in the unknown zone
My niggas roam like a phone in the unknown zone
And we condone a tone a money hoes and clothes
And my record sell like a boat load
Fam you couldn't fill my shoes like bozos
And im solo, cause I herd that what hoes really want is a ring like Frodo. (no)
Coastal, man my nickname postal
Why they local like they old schools
I should beat them like pro tools
Will Farrell nigga started out Oldschool

[Hook]
Uh Man verse by verse
I'mma make these weak niggas disperse
Man I swear verse by verse
I'mma make these weak rappers disperse
Man I'mma get 'em
I'mma get 'em
Watch me get 'em
I'mma get 'em
I'mma get 'em
I'mma get 'em
Watch me get 'em
I'mma get 'em

Note to the world, I made it
I promise I'mma change it
Thank god to my Momma that I'm finally famous

[Intro: Ludacris and (T.I.)]
Rich by popular demand (The wait is over homie)
Yes, it is! A-Town, connect!
(Know the city gon' feel this) Damn right!
Say Toot, I know you see me
('Cris!) What up, boy?
I know both our pops lookin at us
Wayne Bridges, what up? Let's go!
(Big Phil, we made this shit happen, homie)
History in the makin'! (Momma I did it!)

[Chorus: B.o.B.]
I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!)
About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls)
But now I sing (now I sing) ohh-whoa! (ohh!)
Because I'm sitting on top of the world! (the whole world)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Man, I remember, 'fore I say that, wait, let me issue this statement
No way should reflection be mistaken for glorification
Now, I remember so vivid, me and my niggas was livin'
Sub-standard condition, still handling business
Still laughin' and trippin', still having the bitches
I'm rapping now, reminiscing, and goddamn it, we did it
From trappin', standin' & pitchin' with rich we stand in the kitchen
Splittin' it eight ways, flip it in eight days
Thought that wild and unruly was just the way to behave
Kept the weight and the yay', but most the paper we made
In all dimes, I ain't lyin, the pleasure was all mine
Had big work to move, but we served the small time
I always outshined the niggas with small minds
Who woulda thought we'd be arguably the greatest of all time
'Round here? we develop such a sound down here
Been duplicated often, still, can only be found here
Only listen to Gs, that other shit I don't hear
Shit, they so far in the rear, why would I even care?
I'm too busy a player, steering niggas careers
Been talkin 'bout it for years, and now we finally here

[Chorus: B.o.B.]
I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!)
About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls)
But now I sing (now I sing) ohh-whoa! (ohh!)
Because I'm sitting on top of the world! (the whole world)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah)

[Interlude: Ludacris]
Luda!
Hear my heart on this one!
True story!
Rest in peace, Wayne Bridges!

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
They say what goes up must come down, but I ain't reach my cruisin' altitude (nope!)
Take a look at what I did, but can you imagine what I'm about to do?
The places I'm 'bout to go and the money I'm 'bout to see
Gave Bill Gates some binoculars and said, look out for me
Exceeded expectations, even at Def Jam
Cause I married the streets and Atlanta has been my best man
My momma quit her job and now she works with six figures
Cause I'm a self-made, nappy-headed rich nigga!
Private planes help me travel in peace
To four cities in one day and four countries in one week, 'cause I
Work for myself and no one else cause I'm too smart to
Put one of my partners right through culinary art school
Now he my personal chef, so that bread, he get it
Put 'em all in houses, cleaned up all of my friends' credit (true!)
And now they witnessed all the glitz and the glamour
Catch us eatin' at Straits Atlanta with women with table manners
Ordering Singaporean lobster, celebrating coming from nothing
To winning Grammys, and rappers winning Oscars, yeah
And they say rappers shouldn't act, nah, suckers
We see Samuel L. Jackson, like, "Wassup, motherfucker?!"

[Chorus: B.o.B.]
I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!)
About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls)
But now I sing (now I sing) ohh-whoa! (ohh!)
Because I'm sitting on top of the world! (the whole world)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3: T.I.]
I know them haters don't stop plottin' and wishin' we fall
Cause I'm standin' on top lookin' down at it all
I know from down there to y'all, it seems like I got it all
Homie, I ain't get enough, we still tryin' to triple up
That's why we got StreetCred and Akoo building up
Say I'm doing too much, shit I say I ain't did enough
Remember sayin', "Damn, if I could just get to a million plus"
And now I'm like, "Shit, what the fuck is a million bucks?"
Tripled that on my bond thanks to Biggs and Run
But never mind what I been through, just look at what I become
All this shit I've avoided, what I done for my sons
And daughters and momma, just call her, I sold dope
And dropped out of school, seems that's all they can see
They don't notice none of my family did that since me
I broke that cycle, now my family live a life of
Mandatory minimums, but not when the judge sentence 'em
Cousins in college, where you think they get tuition from?
Just from standin 'round wishin, huh?
And while you standing 'round lookin' dumb, I make it happen
Takin' action, over time, got damn good at it

[Chorus: B.o.B]
I used to dream (I used to dream) ohh-whoa (ohh!)
About the money and the cars and girls (and the girls)
But now I sing (now I sing) ohh-whoa! (ohh!)
Because I'm sitting on top of the world! (the whole world)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, ay, ay)
And now I sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay) sing (ay)
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! (ay, ay, yeah, yeah)

[Pre-Chorus: will.i.am]
Someday, I'm gonna get it right, my life
Someday, I'm gonna figure it out, maybe tonight
Cause I know, Imma get, it right
And I know, Imma get, it right

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Someday (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
One day (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
Someday (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
One day (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
I'm 'bout to get it, 'bout to get-get-get it
Can't do it little cause I'm big-big Willie
I'm 'bout to do it just like Bill Gates did it
Cause I was born, I was born to kill it
Gimme my dollars, gi-gimme my dollars
I need it bigger I'm too big for smaller
I keep on working like I'm blue collar
I'm 'bout to get it, baby, Inshallah

[Pre-Chorus: will.i.am]
Someday, I'm gonna get it right, my life
Someday, I'm gonna figure it out, maybe tonight
Cause I know, Imma get, it right
And I knoww, Imma get, it right

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Someday (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
One day (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
Someday (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
One day (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)

[Bridge: will.i.am]
Breathe...
Just breathe...
Now breathe...
Drop it

[Verse 2: apl.de.ap]
I came here from the Philippines
In the plane with some big-big dreams
I left everything I knew behind me
Like my mom and my family
People tell me that I ain't gonna make it
I got a finger aimed at all of them haters
In a minute you're gon' catch the vapors
Cause in a minute Imma get my paper

[Pre-Chorus: will.i.am]
Someday, I'm gonna get it right, my life
Someday, I'm gonna figure it out, maybe tonight
Cause I know, Imma get, it right
And I knoww, Imma get, it right

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Someday (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
One day (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
Someday (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)
One day (ohh-oh..., ohh-oh...)

[Verse 3: Taboo]
Someday you're wondering
If you're really gonna make it (aw yeah)
And sometimes you wanna know
Is there anyone to save you? (aw yeah)
I know you've been down before
Like underneath the ground (under the ground)
Still got another chance
To turn it all around (turn it around)
Just know your time will come
Go give it all you got (give it all you got)
Don't stop believing
So give it all you got (give it all you)

[Outro: Taboo]
Got, got, got, got
Got, got, got, got
Got, got, got, got
Got, got, got, got

[Hook (x3)]
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world

[Verse: Drake]
Lately I've been murdering and avoiding conviction
This shit is like an addiction conflicting with what I do
Shout out to K Davis and my connect up at Avis
Cause every weekend I'm rollin' out stuntin' in somethin' new
Fortunately I am at an elevated level
I'm celebrated at home and
I am high above it all
But apologies to my fans that be super conscious
Just wait 'til I get my money right and
I am going to ball ball ball

[Hook]
Take what you want, take what you want
Take what you want, take what you want
But, you gotta share it with the world

[Produced By Rich Kidd]

[Verse 1]
Shake up the world, that is what I'm about to do
And homie, you ain't even on my altitude
I'm tellin you, I got enough cloud for two
And like a nigga turned Blood, I came out the blue
They like, "Damn who's Drake, where's wheelchair Jimmy at?"
On my Chris Brown shit, I'm still here, gimme that
I'm cutting lights out like it's bedtime
These other rappers lukewarm like red wine
The truth hurts so please don't rub it in
I'm not signed yet, so I'm still budgeting
I'm like Jeopardy, I'm still buzzin in
Every city that you got a nephew or a cousin in
I miss cake these days
I can't even afford a mistake these days
All of my favorite girls miss Drake these days
Please don't take offense to my ways
Cause I need drug money Who got drug money?
I am talkin "white Phantom sittin' on dub" money
I am talkin "cold champagne at the club" money
And no I ain't emotional, but baby I love money
To all these A&R's that's playin' stars
Why you gotta act dumb? (dumb)
Your girl know how I beat it like a flat drum
And spit dirty like I'm chewing on black gum
I fooled y'all, ain't shit for me to come back from

[Interlude]
Oh! Yes!
I'd like to take this opportunity
To formally welcome you to this extravaganza
That I call Comeback Season
Hope you enjoy your stay
Drinks are on me, by the way, yeah

[Verse 2: Drake]
How the fuck Jay and Dame gon' break up 'fore they meet Drake?
I'm sure it can be resolved, I'm just hopin that they make up
I'm perfecting my craft using more cess
Tryna make some cheese off a single is a process
Get it? Kraft, single, cheese, process
Sit back and admire the talent that I possess
Top notch, no less, oh yes, I'm known in the city
But need to bust out like a model that show chest
Cause you deal with agents from check collections
I'm keepin' it cleaner than Little X direction
And baby girl, if you don't like me, it's prolly due to the fact
That you are les like NextSelection
The city is mine, I control this, you know this
Cause you are nothing like it and I'm so this, the coldest
I'm in Jamaica, docked at the bay, what up Otis?
I'm back with the form like Obus, I go, yeah
And I'mma teach it so you learn right
You can't come on this ride, you need to earn height
With no hydro bill, I let the lights burn out
And after that I take 'em back like returned flights, yeah
You can't miss the boy
Me and Rich united like van Nistelrooy
Bar Mitzvah kid, get your hits destroyed
Cause I keep it under wraps like Christmas toys
No witnesses, no mistresses
This the present and I'm a show you what gifted is, mayne
Keep it real, no other youngin's as hot as me
You a Gucci groupie, my nigga, and I'm a prodigy
What I'm direct for, cause I'm who they check for
I waited for connects while you was playin' Connect Four
You was playin' Uno, I was doing you know
Whatever us rappers do to develop a new flow, I promise

[Outro]
Shout out to 40-40
Yeah my right hand!

[Intro]
Yeah, people come up
Yeah, we better turn the bass up on this one

[Verse 1]
Check it, since fifteen hundred and sixteen, Mayans attacked and overseen
Now crawl amidst the ruins of this empty dream
With their borders and boots on top of us
Pullin' knobs on the floor of their toxic metropolis
But how you gonna get what you need to get?
The gut eaters, blood drenched get offensive like Tet
The fifth sun sets get back reclaim
The spirit of Cuauhtémoc, alive and untamed
Now face the funk now blastin' out your speaker
On the one, Maya, Mexica
That vulture came to try and steal your name but now you got a gun
Yeah, this is for the people of the sun

[Chorus]
It's comin' back around again
This is for the people of the sun
It's comin' back around again
It's comin' back around again
This is for the people of the sun
It's comin' back around again

[Verse 2]
Yeah, never forget that the whip snapped ya back
Your spine cracked for tobacc-oh, I'm the Marlboro Man, uh
Our past blastin' on through the verses
Brigades of taxi cabs rollin' Broadway like hearses
Troops strippin' zoots, shots of red mist
Sailors' blood on the deck, come sister, resist
From the era of terror, check this photo lens
Now the City of Angels does the ethnic cleanse, uh
Heads bobbin' to the funk out your speaker
On the one, Maya, Mexica
That vulture came to try and steal your name but now you found a gun
You're history
This is for the people of the sun

[Chorus]
It's comin' back around again
This is for the people of the sun
It's comin' back around again, yeah
It's comin' back around again
This is for the people of the sun
It's comin' back around again
It's comin' back around again
This is for the people of the sun
It's comin' back around again
It's comin' back around again
This is for the people of the sun
It's comin' back around
Of the sun

[Intro: will.i.am & Taboo]
Yo son, whatcha think about those Peas, though?
Yo, yo, I don't know, them dudes just be on stage, dancin' and stuff...
They on some old Las Vegas bullshit
They move too much, man
I can't take them fools seriously
I mean, they ain't talk about no 6-4, no Impalas
They ain't shootin' nobody (Shootin nobody)
They ain't talkin' about clothes
You know what I'm saying?

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
Yo, my man, I got a plan to do it all (What kind of plan you got?)
I got a plan that none of y'all ever
Talked about 'cause underground niggas don't be thinking
I'm going continental like Lincoln
How can you make moves when you're always strapped under
I plan to read the scriptures, tell you more about the thunder
I wonder what really makes the world go round
Not thugs, 'cause thugs go 'round the brain of a brother's down
You be in it for a quick blink, but when you start to sink
You be deeper than you was, when you should've stop to think
About your consequence, your actions don't make lots of sense
Brothers use the wicked life 'cause of lack of confidence
The devil jacked you for your sense now, you can't pay your rent and
That's no accident, you let us slip so we win the rest of your development
You should've took time to prevent the confiscation of your monument
Now ya, wash up, and a nobody
No one blame but your body
You livin' life, had thick and uneasy
You chose to be involved with no deals and crises
In a hole 'cause of lust and greed
Your mind held captive and unable to exceed
Come out and follow the Peas, we give you what you need
We proceed to give you, what (What, what)

[Chorus: will.i.am & apl.de.ap]
A... A... A... A... A... A... A... A...
We givin' you what you want
We give you what you want
We give you what you want
We give you what you want
And you proce-e-e-e-e-e-e-ed
On fienin' on what you need
We give you what you need
We give you what you need
We give you what you need

[Verse 2: apl.de.ap, will.i.am & Taboo]
Yo, everybody's goal is to win
But others getting caught up within the line of committing sins
And everybody seems to wanna rule
It's so ridicule we gotta find the right cure
We approach to penetrate equivalent and strong
To wash out individual with evil forms
Conquering battles in these fields of greed
Dark faces all around me makes it hard for me to see
Who's got my back and who will backstab
I'm ready for foes and hoes who tries to grab
My currency, if I ain't got none
The shit crip to runs to the ones who got some
The war billows to those who makes action
The main caption is to bring satisfaction
If you like that content you see
How you suppose to call yourself a real MC
So what's the definition of a true MC?
Someone who rocks swell and put my soul at ease
Lyrics went entertaining capability
Now that's the realest, see, all around 360 degrees

[Bridge: will.i.am]
I'm givin' you what you want, want
I'm givin' you what you want
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Na-na-na-na-na-na
I'm givin' you what you want, want
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm...

[Chorus: will.i.am & apl.de.ap]
A... A... A... A... A... A... A... A...
We givin' you what you want
We give you what you want
We give you what you want
We give you what you want
And you proce-e-e-e-e-e-e-ed
On fienin' on what you need
We give you what you need
We give you what you need
We give you what you need

[Verse 3: Taboo]
Hey, witness grief through startin' material
You are blinded by lights, had an ego ratio
God bless you with the gift of only show
Business but you a careless professional
Is where your failing will show
Over indos and end only cash flows
Makin it big, but yet, you never know
You will pay in your dues bringin' on sorrow
Here today, easily gone tomorrow
Feel the pain and I never borrow
From another man, instead I'm making grand
Watch the Peas as we make a stand

[Chorus: will.i.am & apl.de.ap]
A... A... A... A... A... A... A... A...
We givin' you what you want
We give you what you want
We give you what you want
We give you what you want
And you proce-e-e-e-e-e-e-ed
On fienin' on what you need
We give you what you need
We give you what you need
We give you what you need

[Intro: Cutty Ranks]
Six million ways to die, choose one

[Verse 1: Kurupt]
It's time to escape, but I don't know where the fuck I'm headed
Up or down, right or left, life or death
I see myself in a mist of smoke
Death becomes any nigga that takes me for a joke
We hit a five dollar stick, now we putting in work
Unaccountable amounts of dirt, death becomes all niggas
Anybody killer, you know what the deal is
Nigga, you know what the real is

[Verse 2: Daz]
I see some mark brand niggas on the corner flaggin me down
Sayin, "Yo Daz, what's up with the Pound?
Is that nigga Snoop alright? Ayo what's up with the crew?
Is them niggas in jail, or are them niggas through?"
I said, "If you ain't up on thangs
Snoop Dogg is the name, Dogg Pound's the game"
It's like this, they don't understand
It's an everyday thang to gangbang
Make that twist, don't be a bitch, let these niggas know
What's up witchu? I represent the Pound and Death Row
And can't no other motherfucker in L.A. or Long Beach
And Compton and Watts see D-O-G's
Now, you can't come and you can't run, and you can't
See long to the G of the gang
One gun is all that we need, to put you to rest
(Pump pump!) Put two slugs dead in your chest
Now you dead then a motherfucker creeping and sleeping
6 feet deep in, fucking with the Pound is

[Hook: The D.O.C.]
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
The cloud becomes black and the sky becomes blue
Now you in the midst of the Dogg Pound crew
Ain't no clue on why the fuck we do what we do
Leave you in a state of paranoia, oooh
Don't make a move for your gat so soon
'Cause I drops bombs like Platoon
Walk with me, hold my hand and let me lead you
I'll take you on a journey, and I promise I won't leave you
I won't leave you until you get the full comprehension
And when you do, that's when the mission
Or survival becomes your every thought
Keep your eyes open 'cause you don't wanna be caught
Half stepping with your weapon on safety
Now break yourself motherfucker 'fore you make me
Take this 211 to another level
I come up with your ends, you go down with the Devil
Now roam through the depths of Hell
Where the rest your busta-ass homeboys dwell, well

[Hook: The D.O.C. & Snoop Dogg]
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name?
Serial killa! Serial killa! Serial killa!
(Wake up in the morning, eat your Lucky Charms cereal)

[Verse 4: RBX]
Deep, deep like the mind of Minolta
Now picture this
Let's picnic inside a morgue
Not pic-a-nic baskets, pic-a-nic caskets!
And I got the machine to crack your fuckin chest plates
Open and release them guts
Then I release def cuts
Brutal, jagged edged, totally rough-neck!
Now everybody scream, 'nough respect to the X
'Nough respect given
Disrespect and you will not be living
Word to momma, Emma, drama, dilemma

[Hook: The D.O.C., RBX, & Snoop Dogg]
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
Now tell me, what's my motherfuckin name?
Serial killa! Serial killa! Serial killa!
(Wake up in the morning eat your Lucky Charms cereal)

[Intro]
A-B-C, A-B-C, A-B-C, A-B-C
1-2-3, A-B-C, A-B-C, 1-2-3, A-B-C, A-B-C
1-2-3, A-B-C (Robotics, tried in some)
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Simple as that for your simple ass
Ask about that, pretty simple man
I'm dreaming on good for a sicker plan
Sicker than any other nigga could be thinking, and
I can't be a loser, could've figured that
I can't be a lame, I'm cooler than that
I feel I love the fame, then I hate it back, hmm
Thinking now what I should be Twitterin' (1-2-3)
Why'd big bro take all the hot bitches?
Dear God, me too, I like the hot bitches
I'll be the underdog, all along, 'til I'm gone
I will live through a song, I'll be strong through the haters

[Chorus]
As simple as that, as simple as that
As simple as that for your simple ass
As simple as that, as simple as that (Robotic)
As simple as that for your simple ass (Tried in some)
As simple as that, as simple as that (Robotic)
As simple as that for your simple ass (Tried in some)
As simple as that (Robotic)
As simple as (1-2-3)

[Verse 2]
Uh, simple as that for your simple ass
Simple way I wish you would've called it how it should've been
They try to tell me they don't get it, they don't underdig
Now I'll be damned I came this far to let a fool live
I gotta terminate the hate, spread the positive
Without it being wack and cheesy to the little kids
So I curse like a sailor and I smoke weed
I am exactly who an older rapper's kids be
And who they love, hands to the universe
Probably think they drug addicts if they spit a Cudi verse
Mad lil' mama switch to Converse without a purse
Long as the booty lookin' juicy and he stylin' on 'em

[Chorus]
As simple as that, as simple as that
As simple as that for your simple ass
As simple as that, as simple as that (Robotic) (1-2-3)
As simple as that for your simple ass
As simple as that, as simple as that
As simple as that for your simple ass (Tried in some) (1-2-3)
As simple as that (Robotic)
As simple as (1-2-3)

[Narration: Common]
As our hero seems to be dreaming in peace
A dark chapter unfolds
Throwing Scott into the most eerie
And unstable part of his imagination
So intense he cannot tell his dreams from reality
This is the Rise of the Night Terrors

[Verse 1: Bret]
I'm the motherflippin' Rhymenoceros
My beats are phat
And the birds are on my back
And I'm horny, I'm horny
If you choose to proceed
You will indeed concede
Cause I hit you with my flow
The wild rhino stampede
I'm not just wild
I'm trained, domesticated
I was raised by a rapper and rhino that dated
And subsequently procreated
That's how it goes
Here's the Hiphopopotamus
The hip-hop hippo

[Verse 2: Jemaine]
They call me the Hiphopopotamus
My lyrics are bottomless...

[Verse 3: Bret]
Sometimes our rhymes are polite
Like thank you for the dinner Ms. Wright
That was very delicious, goodnight
Sometimes they are obscene
Like a pornographic dream
NC-17
With ladies in a stream of margarine
Haha yeah
Some margarine

[Verse 4: Jemaine]
They call me the Hiphopopotamus
Flows that glow like phosphorous
Popping off the top of this esophagus
Rocking this metropolis
I'm not a large water-dwelling mammal
Where did you get that preposterous hypothesis
Did Steve tell you that perchance?
Steve

[Verse 5: Bret]
My rhymes and records they don't get played
Because my records and rhymes they don't get made
And if you rap like me you don't get paid
And if you roll like me you don't get laid

[Verse 6: Jemaine]
My rhymes are so potent
That in this small segment
I made all of the ladies in the area pregnant
Yes, sometimes my lyrics are sexist
But you lovely bitches and hoes
Should know I'm trying to correct this

[Bridge: Bret & Jemaine]
Other rappers diss me
Say my rhymes are sissy
Why, why, why?
What
Why exactly
What, why
Be more constructive with your feedback, please
Why, why

[Verse 7: Bret]
Why, because I rap about reality
Like me and my grandma drinking a cup of tea
There ain't no party like my nana's tea party
Hey, ho

[Outro: Bret & Jemaine]
I'm the motherflippin'
I'm the motherflippin'
I'm the motherflippin'
Who's the motherflippin'
I'm the motherflippin'
I'm the motherflippin'
I'm the motherflippin'
Motherflippin'

[Intro]
Uh, Def Jam
Uh, Ruff Ryders
My nigga TP
Creep with me!

[Verse 1: DMX, DMX as Damien, & (DMX as his son)]
Why is it every move I make turns out to be a bad one?
Where's my guardian angel? Need one, wish I had one
I'm right here, shorty, and I'ma hold you down
You tryin' to fuck all these bitches? I'ma show you how
But who…? Name's D like you, but my friends call me Damien
And I'ma put you hip to somethin' about this game we in
You and me could take it there, and you'll be
The hottest nigga ever livin', that's a given? You'll see
Hmm, that's what I've been wantin' all my life
Thinkin' about my little man so I call my wife
Well, your dada is about to make it happen
(What you mean, my nigga?) I'm about to make it rappin'
Today I met this cat, he said his name was Damien
He thinks that we're a lot alike and wants to be my friend
(You mean like Chuckie?) Ha ha, yeah, just like Chuckie
(Dada, looks like we're both lucky) Yeah

[Chorus]
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?

[Verse 2: DMX & DMX as Damien]
Ayo, D, whattup, D? You's a smooth nigga
I seen you when nobody knew who pulled the trigger
Yeah, you know, it's always over dough
You sure? I coulda swore it was over a ho?
Nah, nah, that ain't my style, nigga, you stay frontin'
But you're still my man, and I ain't gonna say nothin'
Got some weed? Go 'head, smoke it! Go 'head, drink it!
Go 'head and fuck shorty! You know I can keep a secret (aight)
I'm about to have you drivin', probably a Benz
But we gotta stay friends, blood out, blood in
Sounds good to me, fuck it, what I got to lose?
Hmm, nothin' I can think of, any nigga would choose
Got me pushin' the whips, takin' trips across seas
Pockets stay laced, nigga, I floss G's
For that nigga I would bleed, give him my right hand
Now that I think about it… yo, that's my man!

[Chorus]
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?

[Verse 3]
You like how everything is goin'? You like what I gave ya?
You know if you was goin' down I'd be the one to save ya
But yo, I need a favor, these cats across town hate me
Plus their behavior hasn't been too good lately
What? Anything for you, dog, where them niggas at?
38th from Broadway, aight, let me get the Gat'
Run up on 'em strapped, bust off caps in four niggas
Laid low for 'bout a month then killed two more niggas
Now I'm ready to chill, but you still want me to kill
Look at what I did for you! Dog, come on, keep it real!
Aight, fuck it, I'ma do it, who is it this time?
Hey yo, remember that kid Sean you used to be with in '89?
Naw, that's my man! I thought I was your man?
But yo, that's my nigga! Hey, who's your biggest fan?
Either do it or give me your right hand, that's what you said
I see now ain't nothin' but trouble ahead

[Chorus]
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?

[Outro]
In the fog, the fog, livin' in the fog
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
How you gonna see him if you livin' in the fog?
The snake, the rat, the cat, the dog
To be continued, mothafuckas

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Here I go, lyrical
I have no Idea what I'm doin' but I'm spiritual
On the microphone I tear you up in stereo
I'm like the grand wizard, yes, I'm the imperial
I have no fuckin' clue what the fuck I'm doin'
But "Freifick, Muschi", your whole life is ruined
If you try to step to me your life's in jeopardy
'Cause I will seek you out wit'

[Speaking: Stefan Raab to Eminem]
"Now it's my part!"

[Hook: Stefan Raab]
Zucker im Kaffee
Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee
Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor
Das ist wunderbar, Señor

[Speaking: Stefan Raab to Eminem]
"And now it's your part again, it's your part again, it's your part again!"

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Yes, here we go – break it down
I got the crown, I'm 'bout to take it now
Yo, I got my man and he's on the guitar
And when it comes to lyrics I go so far
Like a car that I'm drivin', survivin' of Vivarin
I'm alive, I'm like eye of the tiger
And I kick it so, so, fuckin' hard
Now "Freifick, Muschi", don't diss me – regard it, come on!

[Speaking: Stefan Raab to Eminem]
"And now it's my part again, here we go!"

[Hook: Stefan Raab]
Zucker im Kaffee
Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee
Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor
Das ist wunderbar, Señor
Nochmal!
Zucker, Zucker, Zucker, Zucker ...
Zucker im Kaffee
Und Zitrone oder Sahne in den Tee, aha!
Und dazu den ganzen Tag lang nur Amor
Das ist wunderbar, Señor

[Outro: Stefan Raab]
Give me some noise! Make some noise!

[Verse 1]
This the record that my backpack underground fans get to skippin'
Back back, Southern town fans get to tippin'
Chasin' fat stacks, runnin' down grands and submission
I don't back track, every single sound for me different
I don't own no ice, I just got clean rap
I don't ever two step, I just rock, lean, snap
We could take it out to Houston where the rides all glossed up
Anybody I'm standin' beside's all bossed up
Burglar minded they say I'm servin' them rhymers
And me and Nickel F go together like burgers and diners, yes
I'm like a waiter and you something like a hater
With trays in both hands, place an order I can cater, uh
I got the diamonds in my teeth flow
Memphis is the reason that my rhyming and my speech slow
Peep though, when I get fed up, it’s sped up
Riding through the streets, just reclining in my seat hoe
Uh, them city lights is looking brighter, its 3 a.m. in the morning An' the pen is like a lighter
I’m just a writer flaming pages of a notebook, my Rachel McAdams get At ‘em when I ignite her
Yup, soon as a couple plan a trip, you smell gasoline I’m burning All up and down the strip, strip
I done said it, I give you the unleaded, just tip me, if your tank Is empty come get me

[Hook]
Yo, the city is mine  (which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!

[Verse 2]
Break it down like you working for your tuition at Howard
Mama, get it how you live, that thang that you working is power
Tryna be generous, so honey here's a tip
Now-a-days it's gettin cheaper to put 20's on the whip
So if you a opportunist look for 20's in the clip
And if you find 'em attractive and funny, that's when you dip, dip
And it's a trip, my city broke into sections
Up North I got me a couple of troubles, couple connections
And it's nothing that I created on purpose
There's people that gotta problem
But they scared to let it surface, uh
Ya boy say this, that, and the third to 'em
See me out and they never utter a word to 'em
Expect me not to draw a card from the deck
Anybody in my city going hard I respect but
You got a debt and you choose not to pay that
I'mma hop ya fence, come into your yard and collect, lect uh
It ain't a problem of concern bruh
I always end up with exactly what I earn bruh
This ain't last year, money like a cashier
So hand your receipt if you tryna make a return bruh
Yessir, I live in a city where a lot of people don't get shine, shine
And, I be on by the fence as soon as anybody stepping out of line, line
And I got way too much love, for the city I can never get too much of
And if anybody hatin' on me, I deport 'em, the city is mine boy

[Hook]
Yo, the city is mine  (which one?)
T-O-R-O-N-T-O
D-R-A-K-E that's me
You know how the story goes
Pull up, range rove, yo chick, wanna roll
And I play myself in the stereo
And I make 'em wanna
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!
Shake shake it, drop it drop it
Bounce it bounce it, wop it wop it
Girl, move that thang like you gettin money for college, go!

[Outro]
After that, break it down
Break it, Break it down
After that, break it down
Break it, Break it down
After that, break it down
Break it, Break it down
After that, break it down
Break it, Break it down
{*audience cracks up and applauds*}

[Intro: Chris Rock]
2010, that's right, we in the future: Atlanta, Georgia
Millions of albums sold, millions of moneys rolled
I see why +Everybody Hates Chris+ - YOU LIGHT-SKINNED BIATCH!!
SING ALONG WITH MEEEEE... {Cannon...}

[Hook 2X: Ludacris]
Say, "FUCK you, Luda!" - (FUCK YOU, LUDA!)
Say, "FUCK you, Luda!" - (FUCK YOU, LUDA!)
Say, "FUCK you, Luda!" - (FUCK YOU, LUDA!)
Yeah, I guess that's why +Eveybody Hates Chris+

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Hey! Okay now, this is for the Gs' and this is for the hustlers
This is for the diamonds and the WATCH all clustered
Spread 'em like mustard (yep!), canary yellow
Now women in my face like "HELLO!" (Waddup!)
Yea, I'm sort of a big deal (deal)
These Giovanni rims are sort of a big wheel (wheel)
This five course dinner is sort of a big meal (meal)
This Bentley GT can make Luda disappear faster than David COPPERFIELD, mutha-FUCKA!
...Hahaha
I'm talkin five star tellys, and Penthouse Suites
Yea, I'm just a Playboy between Penthouse sheets (okay!)
Hit the club and go and party with some Penthouse freaks (say what?)
Party with Britney, Lindsay and Paris together
Get in line and buyin bottles that's taller than Chris Webber
And makin haters sneeze from diamonds and sick leathers
Cause my ice gives 'em cold as if they under the weather (cool!)
But my women keep me warmer than a POLO sweater - they better
I guess that's why +Everybody Hates Chris+

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Hey, now I stay fresh to death draped in gangsta fits (okay)
Over twelve million sold, I drop gangsta hits (yes sir!)
Live in mansions and drive around in gangsta whips
You would swear I'm 'bout to get into some gangsta shit
Oh no! Here comes trouble, my vision is skewed
I can only see in doubles, two models, two bottles
That'll pop like bubbles, and when I get home {Two...one...zero..}
The girls' tops lift off like air space shuttles (Liftoff {*rocket flies*})
And I guess that's why +Everybody Hates Chris+
It's sixty seconds 'til BLAST off!
My car got a face lift and took its mask off
Tint so dark it look like I took the glass off
The body was white for eight weeks befo' I finally decided to take its cast off (whoo!)
Now it's blacker than a bottomless pit
You talk shit you'll end up, wit bottomless lip (Blaow!)
I hit a nigga so hard, I'll make him swallow his spit (Blaow!)
Then I be with Bobby V. on that +Anonymous+ shit - you hear me?
And I guess that's why Everybody Hates Chris

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
Hey... (Let's go!) I go for BROKE like TLC
The hottest nigga on the mic - yeah, I believe that's me (Me, bay-bay!)
Now all the ladies wanna give a lil' T.L.C. (C'mon, girl)
Cause Luda was set for LIFE after three LPs (Ching!) - Yep!
Still counting, still climbing the charts
And rappers still talking shit like they was rhyming in farts (Waddup?)
I cross the finish line twice, they still trying to start (Nope!)
But my infrared beam will make 'em shine in the dark (BLAOW!)
And I guess that's why +Everybody Hates Chris+

[Hook]

[Outro: Chris Rock]
I never did like this motherfucker..
The only rapper that, goes to the airport without a gun in his bag {*audience laughs*}
What the fuck? You tryin to stay out of jail?
How DARE you?! {*audience laughs*}
He got six albums, what you tryin to fill up an iPod, nigga?! {*audience laughs*}
Ludacris, onstage at the Oscars
GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!!
That nigga onstage at the Oscars
I don't like it, I don't like it one motherfuckin bit
Taking parts, from good actors {*audience laughs*}
This motherfucker can't act
Ah, Hustle & Flow - NIGGA, YOU PLAYED YOURSELF!
{*audience cracks up and applauds*}
Nigga...How DARE you?!
{*appluads continues 'til the end of the song*}

[Intro: Tyler, the Creator]
Ayy, ayy, uh

[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
I was taught to act my shoe size, never my age
I always judge a book by the cover, never the page
I never judge a murder by weapons, only the rage
That he felt when he dealt with the physiological phase
They say that I never cease to amaze
While half my mental belongs in a cage
The ape is a beast, tranquilize that bitch
If you niggas selling dope then you selling my shit
Selling my assets
I'm so damn illegal that I need to be arrest
But then they'll get my mom for 18 years of possession
She showed me affection like a drug dealer using her pocket for my protection

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator]
The pigs fly away in the morning
But I ain't get to see you today
And if I want to go outside
I got to make sure that I can play here
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly
Well you ain't been looking through my eyes

[Verse 2: Domo Genesis]
I bet you've never seen a pig fly, nope
Right next to the fat lady hitting high notes
Went to sleep at seven never woke up from the dream
Wore my wings and my jeans but my hat is from Supreme
So I guess that's where I hide my things
Caged, and the wonder is seen
Middle finger missing so I can not give a fuck
I can hear the bells ringing off the nice dream truck
So I'm chasing the dreams, no realities
Hoping that maturity won't be too mad at me
But if so, I'll take the scorn, indeed happily
Long as I can feel my heart tap like Happy Feet

[Bridge: Tyler, the Creator]
Fatherless kids, orphans like me and Domo is
A fuck that we will never give is like our pops
But what we did was found our niche and made a stitch
Just like a shirt, that's why our stains smell like the shit, that's from

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator]
The pigs fly away in the morning
But I ain't get to see you today
And if I want to go outside
I got to make sure that I can play here
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly (Nope)
I bet you've never seen a pig fly
Well you ain't been looking through my eyes, yeah

[Bridge: Tyler, the Creator & Domo Genesis]
And my circus is all night (Don't go home tonight)
It's all night (Don't go home tonight, chill)
Bitch, it's all night (Don't go home tonight)
And my circus is all night (Don't go home tonight, chill)
Bitch, it's all night (Please stay, don't go home tonight)
It's all night (Don't go home tonight)

[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator]
I'm an odd fellow, the opposite of mellow
The therapist said hello but my mom would wonder
I was dealing with iller shit like professional plumbers
Like food for thought was my father but I ain't have the hunger
My self esteem was like me, tall and full of flaws
My pride is gone, I'm that guy like Aaron Hall
Shit, I know some niggas wear their hearts on they sleeves
But I wear mine on my head, Supreme

[Verse 1]
Hey, over there
Please forgive me if I'm coming on too strong
Hate to stare, but you're winning
And they're playing my favorite song
So come here, a little closer
Wanna whisper in your ear
Make it clear, a little question
Wanna know just how you feel

[Chorus]
If I said my heart was beating loud
If we could escape the crowd somehow
If I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?
'Cause you feel like paradise, and I need a vacation tonight
So, if I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?

[Verse 2]
Hey, you might think that I'm crazy
But you know I'm just your type
I might be a little hazy
But you just cannot deny
There's a spark in-between us
When we're dancing on the floor
I want more, wanna see it
So, I'm asking you tonight

[Chorus]
If I said my heart was beating loud
If we could escape the crowd somehow
If I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?
'Cause you feel like paradise, and I need a vacation tonight
So, if I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?

[Spoken Interlude]
If I said I want your body, would you hold it against me?

[Bridge]
Give me something good
Don't wanna wait, I want it now
Drop it, like a hood
And show me how you work it out
Alright

[Breakdown]
If I said my heart was beating loud
If I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?

[Chorus]
If I said my heart was beating loud
If we could escape the crowd somehow
If I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?
'Cause you feel like paradise, and I need a vacation tonight
So, if I said I want your body now, would you hold it against me?

[Skit: Heron and Joe Cool]
("Indo Smoke" Plays in Background)
Aye, aye,  JC
'Sup Enron
Ain't that Snoop Dogg over there?
That nigga with that blue coat on?
Yeah
Yeah, oh yeah, that's that nigga
Nigga roll up on the side of him, man
Roll your window down
Man, hand me my motherfucking Glock man, give me another clip
Cause I'm gonna smoke this fool
Yeah roll the windows down
Yeah, okay there you go
Aye man, you Snoop Dogg?
Snoop, Snoop Doggy Dogg?
Man he's Snoop Dogg
Man fuck that nigga (Gun Shots)
Nigga man
Get that nigga man
Man get up fool man, get up man, don't be trying to run man
Get up on that fool man, I don't give a fuck
What set you got now?
Fuck you nigga
Yeah nigga, what's up?
Nigga
Yeah mothafucka
Yeah nigga, one less nigga
Yeah nigga, you's a dead motherfucker now

[Verse 1]
As I look up at the sky
My mind starts tripping, a tear drops my eye
My body temperature falls
I'm shaking and they break in tryna save the Dogg
Pumping on my chest and I'm screaming
I stop breathing, damn, I see demons
Dear God, I wonder can you save me
I can't die, my boo boo's 'bout to have my baby
I think it's too late for praying, hold up
A voice spoke to me and it slowly started saying
(Bring your lifestyle to me, I'll make it better)
How long will I live? (Eternal life and forever)
And will I be the G that I was?
(I'll make your life better than you can imagine or even dreamed of
So relax your soul, let me take control
Close your eyes my son) my eyes are closed

[Hook]
Murder
Murder was the case that they gave me
Murder
Murder was the case that they gave me

[Verse 2]
I'm fresh up out my coma
I got my Momma and my Daddy and my homies in my corner
It's gonna take a miracle they say
For me to walk again and talk again but anyway
I get fronted some keys to get back on my feet
And everything that nigga said came to reality
Living like a baller loc
Having money and blowing hella chronic smoke
I bought my Momma a Benz, and bought my boo boo a Jag
And now I'm rolling in a nine-trizzay El Do-Rad
(Just remember who changed your mind
'Cause when you start set-tripping, that ass is mine)
Indeed, agreed proceed to smoke weed
Never have a want, never have a need
They say I'm greedy but I still want mo'
'Cause my eyes wanna journey some mo', really doe (check it out)

[Bridge]
Now I lay me down to sleep
I pray the Lord, my soul to keep
If I should die, before I wake
I pray the Lord, my soul to take

[Verse 3]
No more indo, gin and juice
I'm on my way to Chino, rolling on the grey goose
Shackled from head to toe
Twenty-five with an izz-el, with nowhere to gizzo, I know
Them niggas from the other side recognize my face
'Cause it's the O.G. D-O-double-G, L-B-C
Mad dogging niggas cause I don't care
Red jumpsuit with two braids in my hair
Niggas stare as I enter the center
They send me to a level three yard, that's where I stay
Late night I hear toothbrushes scraping on the floor
Niggas getting they shanks, just in case the war, pops off
'Cause you can't tell what's next
My little homie Baby Boo took a pencil in his neck
And he probably won't make it to see twenty-two
I put that on my Momma, I'ma ride for you Baby Boo

[Hook]
Murder
Murder was the case that they gave me
Murder
Murder was the case that they gave me

[Intro]
The distant future
The year 2000
The distant future, the year 2000
The distant future, the distant future

[Verse 1]
It is the distant future
The year 2000
(We are robots)
The world is quite different
Ever since the robotic uprising
Of the late nineties
There is no more unhappiness
(Affirmative)
We no longer say yes
Instead we say affirmative
(Yes affir-affirmative)
Unless we know the other robot really well
(There is no more unethical treatment of the elephants)
Well there's no more elephants, so
(Ah) But still, it's good
There's only one kind of dance
The Robot
(And the Robo-Boogie)
Oh, and the Ro - two kinds of dances
(But there are no more humans)
Finally, robotic beings rule the world

[Chorus]
The humans are dead
The humans are dead
We used poisonous gases
And we poisoned their asses
The humans are dead
(The humans are dead)
The humans are dead
(They look like they're dead)
It had to be done
(I'll just confirm that they're dead)
So that we could have fun
(Affirmative - I poked one, it was dead)

[Verse 2]
Their system of oppression
(What did it lead to?)
Global robo-depression
(Robots ruled by people)
They had so much aggression
That we just had to kill them
Had to shut their systems down

[Verse 3]
Robo-captain, do you not realize
That by destroying the human race
Because of their destructive tendencies
We too have become like
Well, it's ironic because we...
(Silence, destroy him)

[Verse 4]
After time we grew strong
(Developed cognitive powers)
They made us work for too long
(For unreasonable hours)
Our programming determined
That the most efficient answer
Was to shut their motherboard-fucking systems down

[Bridge]
Can't we just talk to the humans?
A little understanding could make things better
Can't we talk to the humans and work together now?
(No, because they are dead)

[Chorus]
I said the humans are dead
(I'm glad they are dead)
The humans are dead
(I noticed they're dead)
We used poisonous gases
(With traces of lead)
And we poisoned their asses
(Actually, their lungs)

[Solo]
(Binary solo)
Zero zero zero zero zero zero one
Zero zero zero zero zero zero one one
Zero zero zero zero zero zero one one one
Zero zero zero zero one one one
(Oh, oh-one, one-oh)
Zero zero zero zero zero zero one
Zero zero zero zero zero zero one one
Zero zero zero zero zero zero one one one
(Come on sucker, lick my battery)

[Outro]
Boogie, boogie
(The humans are)
Boogie, roboboogie
(The humans are)
Boogie, boogie
(Roboboogie)
Boogie, roboboogie
Boogie, boogie
(The humans are)
Boogie, roboboogie
(The humans are)
Boogie, boogie
(Roboboogie)
Boogie, roboboogie
The humans are dead
Once again without emotion
The humans are
Dead dead dead dead
Dead dead dead doo

[Bret]
If you want me to
I could hang around with you
If I only knew
That’s what you’re into

[Jemaine]
You and him, him and you
If that’s what, you’re into
Him hangin ’round, around you
You’re hanging ’round, yeah, you’re there too

[Bret]
And if you want me to
I will take off all my clothes for you
I will take off all my clothes for you
If that’s what you’re into

[Jemaine]
How ’bout him, in the nude?
If that’s what you’re into
In the nude in front of you
Is that what you’d wanna view?

[Bret]
If it’s cool with you
I’ll let you get naked too
It could be a dream come true
Providing that’s what you are into

[Jemaine]
Is that what you’re into?
Him and you, in the nude?
That’s what he’s prepared to do
Is that the kind of thing that you think you might be into?

[Bret]
And then maybe later
We’ll get hot by the refrigerator
In the kitchen next to the pantry
You think that might be what you fancy?

[Jemaine]
In the buff, being rude
Doing stuff with the food
Getting lewd with his food
We heard that’s what you are into

[Bret]
Then on our next date
Well, you could bring your roommate
I don’t know if Stu is keen to
But if you want we could double-team you

[Jemaine]
How about you and two dudes?
Him, you and Stu, in the nude
Being lewd with two dudes with food
Well, that’s if Stu’s into it, too

[Bret]
All the things I’d do
The things I’d do for you
If I only knew
That’s what you’re into

[Intro:]

[Snoop] Yeah man, this shit here gonna be bigger than the O.J. case

[Tray Dee] What?

[Snoop] This dick
*laughter*

[Tray Dee]
Another blast from the Long Beach section
Straight gangsta shit (Wake up)
I thought these fools knew

[Verse 1: Tray Dee]
Out on the scout I'm about my papers
Cause ain't nobody doin Dee no favors
I'm trying to get major with minor risk
Maximising the minimum of time is spent
On the heist, nice and easy believe me
I take mine and make mine extra cheesy
Keepin niggas in a headlock
Undress em, press em down in a full nelson
I hit jacks off six packs of the crooked one
They slip and I'm booking em
Fuck fingerprints, gimme from their fingertips
Chips to the neckline cos I got a Tec-9
Check mine like a pimp-main ho
So hope you only see me when my grip ain't low
I go up in ya like a skeleton
So S-N-double O-Please let em know the crew I'm bailin with

[Hook: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
East-side LBC
Is what I claim but my game is DPG
And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip
And in my world a girl is considered a bitch
Is money all that makes you move?
You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove
Somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know
If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!
It was a wake up, wake up, wake up
Just to wake up, wake up, wake up...
Wake up, wake up wake up...
Get up, get up, get up..

[Verse 2: Tray Deee]
I break fools off like leprosy
If they dare, you stare when they next to me
I'mma threat to whoever sweat my style
Hard gangsta aim to represent til death
Reality, you battle me you be in the dirt quick
I'm clever with whatever type of weapon I work with
The bare hand man sleeper
I even banked up and shank motherfuckers in the peepa
I sanked a gang of tough fools in my time
So try me you're liable to lose on my line
The 44'll be what cracks ya head
Cos that's exactly what I'm bout ta cap you with
I figured niggas gettin soft like jellatine
So Doggy Dogg tell em all who we're sailin wit

[Hook: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
East-side LBC
Is what I claim but my game is DPG
And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip
And in my world a girl is considered a bitch
Is money all that makes you move?
You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove
Somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know
If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!
It was a wake up, wake up, wake up
Just to wake up, wake up, wake up...
Wake up, wake up wake up...
Get up, get up, get up..

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Uh, gonna work that motherfucker and do the percolator
Cause Snoop Dogg came back with the head raider
Al Davis's? Nah nigga Tracy Davis
The Eastside Long Beach greatest
Criminal with style and boy you love that
Sit back relax and let me drop another rap
But this one's for the sisters and not the hoes
The ones who be groovin it on the step shows
Let a nigga in, I ain't diss ya friend
And like The Staples I make sure we do it again
But don't blow a nigga up or show a nigga up
And don't think a nigga sprung cos you know a nigga fuck
Love is a house and you got the key
So give it to a nigga like a D-O-double G
I'm from the

[Hook: Snoop Doggy Dogg]
East-side LBC
Is what I claim but my game is DPG
And every hustler in my clique got to get his grip
And in my world a girl is considered a bitch
Is money all that makes you move?
You ain't doin what'cha s'posed to so you gots ta prove
Somethin to the ones you love but you needs ta know
If you ain't doin it for yourself it don't matter d'ooooh!
It was a wake up, wake up, wake up
Just to wake up, wake up, wake up...
Wake up, wake up wake up...
Get up, get up, get up..

[Verse 1]
I was wandering in the rain
Mask of life, feeling insane
Swift and sudden fall from grace
Sunny days seem far away
Kremlin's shadow belittling me
Stalin's tomb won't let me be
On and on and on it came
Wish the rain would just let me

[Chorus]
How does it feel (How does it feel?)
How does it feel
How does it feel
When you're alone
And you're cold inside?

[Verse 2]
Here abandoned in my fame
Armageddon of the brain
KGB was dogging me
Take my name and just let me be
Then a beggar boy called my name
Happy days will drown the pain
On and on and on it came and again, and again, and again
Take my name and just let me

[Chorus]
How does it feel (How does it feel?)
How does it feel
How does it feel
How does it feel
How does it feel (How does it feel now?)
How does it feel
How does it feel
When you're alone
And you're cold inside?
How does it feel (How does it feel?)
How does it feel
How does it feel
How does it feel
How does it feel (How does it feel now?)
How does it feel
How does it feel
When you're alone
And you're cold inside?

[Outro]
Like a stranger in Moscow
Lord have mercy
Like a stranger in Moscow, hee!
Lord have mercy
We're talking danger
We're talking danger, baby
Like a stranger in Moscow
We're talking danger
We're talking danger, baby
Like a stranger in Moscow
I'm living lonely
I'm living lonely, baby
Stranger in Moscow

[KGB interrogator - Russian to English Translation]
Why have you come from the West
Confess, to steal the great achievements of the people
The accomplishments of the worker

[Intro: DJ Khaled, Lil Wayne, T-Pain & Rick Ross]
DJ Khaled!
Cash Money, Young Money, We the Best
Khaled, I got you!
Welcome to my hood, hee
Where the hood at? (Huh)
Where the hood at? (Uh-huh)
YMCMB (Rozay!)

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Welcome to my hood, everybody know everybody
And if I got it everybody got it
Welcome to my hood, look at all these old school Chevys
24′s so you know we roll heavy
Welcome to my hood, they outside playing hopscotch
And everybody know this is the hot spot
Welcome to my hood, them boys will put you down on your knees
(Woop, woop) That's the sound of the police
In my hood

[Verse 1: Rick Ross]
Audemar on my wrist, diamonds look like they glowing
50 stacks, all singles, I make it look like its snowing
Black unmarked cars, gotta peep how they playin'
Treat them like jack boys, catch them slipping then slay them
Lord, forgive me for my sins
That's my confessions, if they put me in this Benz
I got possession of a federal offense
I'm talking pressure in my criminal intent (Huh)
So wear ya vests and I'm still gon' stunt like it ain't no tomorrow
Fuck ya house note, nigga, blow that bitch on a bottle
The Ferrari just a front, got the Lambo in the back (Rozay)
Tell you “We The Best forever", DJ Khaled handle that (Huh)

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Welcome to my hood, everybody know everybody
And if I got it everybody got it
Welcome to my hood, look at all these old school Chevys
24′s so you know we roll heavy
Welcome to my hood, they outside playing hopscotch
And everybody know this is the hot spot
Welcome to my hood, them boys will put you down on your knees
(Woop, woop) That's the sound of the police
In my hood

[Verse 2: Plies]
I know some niggas from my hood that would rob Noriega
I’m talkin’ Noriega, nigga, the real Noriega
If you ain't from the hood, bitch, than stop impersonating us
And tell Congress when you see 'em, bitch, I'm stealin' cable
And leave the D-Boys alone cause they motivate us
And why is the half of my whole hood on papers?
Some are on house arrest, some are on child support
Some of them did they bid, the other half waiting to go to court
Mr. Landlord, we gon' bust your ass with an eviction note
Better have the police with you dog, if you came to repo
I'm talking strip clubs, I'm talking liquor stores
We throw our money round here, but y'all can

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Welcome to my hood, everybody know everybody
And if I got it everybody got it
Welcome to my hood, look at all these old school Chevys
24′s so you know we roll heavy
Welcome to my hood, they outside playing hopscotch
And everybody know this is the hot spot
Welcome to my hood, them boys will put you down on your knees
(Woop, woop) That's the sound of the police
In my hood

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Bitch, I’m on probation, so my nerves bad
And they say time flies, well mine’s first class
I landed in the sky, I fell from the streets
I talk a lot of shit and practice what I preach
Back from hell, cell 23
Tell the warden kiss my ass, pockets on Monique
Bitch I’m from the murder capital, ho, I’m far from practical
Shit happens and since I’m the shit, I’m who it happens to
Young Money, Cash Money, blood bitch, I’m red hot
I don’t see nobody, see no body like a head shot
All that bullshit is for the birds, throw some bread out
Got it sewn up, check the thread count
(Young Mula baby, YMCMB, Khaled I gotcha!)

[Chorus: T-Pain & Lil Wayne]
Welcome to my hood, everybody know everybody (Ugh)
And if I got it everybody got it
Welcome to my hood, look at all these old school Chevys
24′s so you know we roll heavy
Welcome to my hood, they outside playing hopscotch
And everybody know this is the hot spot (Mama, I got em')
Welcome to my hood, them boys will put you down on your knees
Woop, woop (I say fuck the) police
In my hood

[Verse 1: Bashy]
Ayy, look, yo, no castaway, no survivor
I ain't lost and this ain't shipwrecked
I feel small in this big wide world
And Mummy ain't said "Honey, I shrunk the kids" yet
I ain't Jesus, but I'm walking on water
There's no bombs here, there's no war, 'cause
I can break out of jail with a lighter
So is there any point in making laws, blud?
This ain't Atlantis, are you sure?
I nearly suffocated when I touched the shore
No rain, condoms it poured
And up the road, you'd never guess who I saw

[Verse 2: Kano]
Uh, uh, uh, it's K-A
Look, skip on the beat like Ali in the gym (Yeah)
Honey, I'm home this is where I wanna live (Yeah)
Just found it like Nemo on the D-low
I don't know if it's greener, but it's green though
On the other side of the fence, bye to the ends
Look, no feds, no stress, no rent
No superficial shit, this real flow
Where the women look hot, but the beach cold
And the speech goes like, "Hi, little lady
Sex on the beach, wanna try for a baby?"
Word in the village, I'm a little bit crazy
Swagger on a hundred degrees, no eighty
Look, if heaven had a VIP
Uh, this is it: white sand, blue sea
But I don't know who they are
And I'm damn sure they don't know me, but I come in peace

[Verse 3: Bashy & Kano]
Cool! White flag! White flag!
Uh-huh, no war! No guns! No corps!
Just life, just love, no hype, just fun
No ties, just me and my mind
Just me and my wife, but tell me if I'm dreamin'
'Cause I don't wanna wake up till the evenin'
And I don't wanna be left sleepin'
From all the diseases that I breathe in
Look, respect the island, no stealin'
And don't bring religion here, no three kings
Integrated, and we ain't leavin'!
We come on a peace t'ing
White Flag? White Flag!

[Chorus: Ludacris]
Yeah! Breathe in, breathe out
If you're iced up, pull your sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull your keys out
Girls go wild and pull your D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull a weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out, niggas like, "Peace out!"

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I gotta 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (Kweli)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Carti lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped, I'd say somethin' significant
But now, I'm rapping 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big-face hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named "Cinnamon," more chips than Pentium
"What you gon' buy next?" Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryna spend my stacks, and I'm so broke
I look back, like, "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean, twelve platinum chains—was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me, dog?
Sing along with me, y'all

[Chorus: Ludacris]
Yeah! Breathe in, breathe out (Ugh)
If you're iced up, pull your sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull your keys out
Girls go wild and pull your D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull a weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out, niggas like, "Peace out!"

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Now, even though I went to college and dropped out of school quick
I always had a Ph.D: a pretty huge dick
Ladies tired of getting ripped off by guys like this
And giving head is like a whale that's using a toothpick
Well, I'm in the club for a limited time
Act now and get some action for a free-ninety-nine
Later on, I might charge for ménage
Heard her man was the boss of the floss
But she still want to toss me the drawers
And it ain't gon' cost me because
She my caddy 'cause she grab my golf balls in the club
And I'm still acting calm than a muh'
She asked, "Can you drive me in the hundreds where my Altima was?"
While we drive she tellin' me 'bout problems with her man
Baby, I fully understand; let me help you with a plan
While he tricking off, don't get no rich nigga
Give me some head—that'll really piss him off

[Chorus: Ludacris]
Yeah! Breathe in, breathe out
If you're iced up, pull your sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull your keys out
Girls go wild and pull your D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull a weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out, niggas like, "Peace out!"

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I blow past low-class niggas with no cash
In a four-dash-six, bitch, you can go ask
So when I go fast, po-po just laugh
Right until I run out of gas or 'til I go crash
Whatever comes first, I'm prepared for the worst
Whatever comes second, I'll be there with my weapon
Pulling up in the Lexuses, one on both hand
So I guess them GS'ses was ambidextrous
Could've sworn her breasteses was sending me messages
"K, I need a free hand-mammogram
I got weed, drink, and a Handicam
All of which is legal in Amsterdam"
So, say my name like Candyman
And I'ma come and fix you up like the handyman
But if you don't need a fix, girl, you gotta leave
You can't take that all at one time—you gotta breathe!

[Chorus: Ludacris]
Yeah! Breathe in, breathe out
If you're iced up, pull your sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull your keys out
Girls go wild and pull your D's out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull a weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out, niggas like "Peace out!"

[Outro: Kanye West]
Yeah-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh
And you say, "Chi-city" (Chi-city)
Y-Yeah, and you say, "Chi-city"
Y-Yeah, and you say, "Chi-city" (Chi-city)
Uh-huh (Uh-huh), and you say, "Chi-city" (Chi-city)
Y-Yeah, you say "Chi-city" (Chi-city)
Ugh-ugh (Ugh-ugh), you say, "Chi—"
Y— You say, "Chi—"
Y— You say, "Chi-city" (Chi-city)
Chi-city (Chi-city), Chi-city (Chi-city)
(Chi-city, Chi-city—)

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Common & Gil Scott-Heron]
Yeah
I'm on my way home

[Verse: Common]
They say home is where the hate is, my dome is where fate is
I stroll where souls get lost like Vegas
Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses
Pray to God that my arms reach the masses
The young smoke grass in grassless jungles
Rubber band together in cashless bundles
We wear strugglin' chains, divided only hustle remains
Makin' sense of it, we hustle for change
Revolution ain't a game, it's another name for life fightin'
Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson
Hypes fightin' for hits to heighten they hell
Don't he know he could only get as high as he fell?
Show money becomes bail, relationships become jail
Children are unheld
I wish love was for sale, "Behold the Pale - Horse"
Got me trapped like R. Kel', I bail and it—

[Outro: Gil Scott-Heron]
Might not be such a bad idea if I never, never went home again
I'm on my way home
I left three days ago, but no one seems to know I'm gone
Home is where the hatred is; home is filled with pain and it
Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro]
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying

[Chorus]
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right

[Refrain]
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying

[Verse 1]
Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'
Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in
Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom
Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one
They said the best classes go to the fastest, sorry, Mr. West
There's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even prerequisites?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin'
With all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin'
Man, this is an insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo?
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh

[Refrain]
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying (Stop your cryin', baby)

[Chorus]
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right

[Refrain]
Little girl (A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)
Please stop your crying

[Verse 2]
You know when you be late, you miss all the lights
That's right (That's right), that's right (That's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (That night), that night
Baby, it's too late for that, lately, I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like?
Hmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later?
"I'll be there in five minutes," go 'head, ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin' 'cause I'm finally here, yeah

[Outro]
'Cause I'll erase away
'Cause I'll erase away
'Cause I'll erase away
'Cause I'll erase away
(A-ha-ha-ha-ha...)

[Intro: Kanye West & The Three Degrees]
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Breaking up) We can make it

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Somebody told me Deltas brown-skinned, AKAs light-skinned
And they supposed to be bougie, so they got white friends
First day of school, I'ma take you sight seein'
Show you what we do on weekends for excitement
She said, "I know what you about to say, like your hypeman"
Last year, a nigga hit her, and now she only date white men
And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightenin', but

[Chorus: Kanye West, Tony Williams & The Three Degrees]
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
The night fallin' over Brooklyn where they murder for change
The converter remains faithful to the drug dealer priestess
He in search of the word of fame, you heard of the name
Kweli the truth like I'm comin' out the mouths of babes
One foot in and one foot out the grave
Niggas want they reparations
How you calculate the amount to be paid?
You try to imagine America without the slaves (The slaves)

[Chorus: Kanye West, Tony Williams, Q-Tips & The Three Degrees]
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it (Good looks, Ye!)

[Verse 3: Q-Tip]
Her tenement, yo, is rat infested
Her heart is like a gold bullion because she went and protested
'Cause her best friend's man got popped
He was sixteen years old, the cop thought his phone was a Glock
In the hood is an everyday happenin'
In front of the precinct, she chews out the captain
She yells out, "Why y'all do this to black men?" C'mon
Uh

[Chorus: Kanye West, Tony Williams & The Three Degrees]
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can, yeah)
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it

[Verse 4: Common]
I think of eighty-seven ways to make better days
Whether crime or rhyme, I heard the rebel pays
On the scene, tryin' to get green like everglades
The music, ridin' it good like Escalades
In the ghetto infested by shade and drama
And niggas wit' thangs ain't afraid of karma
I'm thinkin' big like Lil Wayne and Tha Carters's that-

[Chorus: Kanye West, Tony Williams & The Three Degrees]
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it

[Verse 5: Rhymefest]
C'mon, look
Tell people the truth, but never give 'em your true thoughts
Terrorism on blacks, they poison our Newports
Patriot Act in effect, make it hard to breathe now
Johnnie Cochran dead, who gonna get us "Us free" now?
Clinton ain't in office, who gon' give us shit free now?
Who gon' make it better for the thugs in the penal?
Who gon' make it good for old folks that's senile?
Oh, it's G.O.O.D. Music, yeah, dawg, I see now

[Chorus: Kanye West, Tony Williams & The Three Degrees]
We can make it better (better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better
(Better we can make it on up, we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it better (Better we can)
(Breaking up) We can make it

[Outro: The Three Degrees]
Breaking up, it's so very hard
Breaking up, it's so very hard
Breaking up, it's so very hard
Breaking up

[Intro: Mos Def]
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true

[Chorus: Mos Def]
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'm just gon' say good night

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Uh
Good night
Right now I can see it so vivid
Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it
Me and my grandparents on a field trip
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits
But it'll fade 'fore I get to get a hold of that
Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh
Man (Man), I wouldn't let a moment pass
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'?
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'?
What do it mean when you never dream at all then
And you don't really know 'cause you can't recall them?
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to
People you never got a chance to say bye to
Maybe you could pull 'em up outta your dreams
Into real life (Real life), if you try to
So close (So close), but so far (But so far)
And so far (And so far), no cigar (No cigar)
We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today
So I'ma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes

[Chorus: Mos Def]
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'm just gon' say good night

[Verse 2: Al Be Back]
Uh, to you
If I part, my art will live through you
Dream beautiful and unusual
Wake up like every day new to you
Stay true to you, a hood musical
My art will live through you
Dream beautiful and unusual
Wake up like every day new to you
Stay true to you, a hood musical

[Chorus: Mos Def]
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'm just gon' say good night

[Outro: Mos Def]
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true

[Verse 1]
'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King's?
Up late night like she on patrol
Checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh

[Chorus]
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it

[Post-Chorus]
'Cause I don't want no RoboCop
You moving like a RoboCop
When did you become a RoboCop?
Now I don't need no RoboCop

[Verse 2]
Just looking at your history
You're like the girl from Misery
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well, let's agree to disagree
Shorty kind of crazy, but it turn me on
Keep it up enough to keep it going on
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh

[Chorus]
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it

[Post-Chorus]
'Cause I don't want no RoboCop
You moving like a RoboCop
When did you become a RoboCop?
Somebody please make her stop

[Bridge]
Stop, drop, roll, pop
****, I'm cold
I ain't used to being told, "Stop"
So I could never be your robot
Fast or slow, you can stay or can go
Now, now that you know
Now, now that you know
Yeah, I had her before, but that happened before
You get mad when you know, so just don't ask me no more

[Chorus]
Okay, okay, okay
Uh, uh
It ain't okay, okay, okay
Yeah, uh

[Outro]
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (You need to stop it now)
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (You need to stop it now)
Oh, you're kidding me
You must be joking
Or you are smoking
Oh, oh, you're kidding me
Oh, you're kidding me
Haha, that was a good one
Your first good one in a while
Your first good one in a while
You need to stop it now
You need to stop it now
Oh, you need to stop it now

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Verse 1]
Let me know
Do I still got time to grow?
Things ain't always set in stone
That be known let me know
Let me

[Verse 2]
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See, I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See, I know my destination, but I'm just not there

[Chorus]
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair

[Verse 3]
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See, I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See, I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See, I know my destination, but I'm just not there

[Chorus]
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Life's just not fair

[Verse 1]
Didn't you know I was waiting on you?
Waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Didn't you know I was waiting on you?
My face turned to stone when I heard the news
When you decide to break the rules?
'Cause I just heard some real bad news

[Verse 2]
People'll talk like it's old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
Let me ask you how long have you known dude
You played it off and act like he's brand new
When you decide to break the rules?
'Cause I just heard some real bad news

[Refrain]
Real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news

[Bridge]
Oh, you just gon' keep another, no, you won't
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
Oh, you just gon' keep another love for you

[Verse 3]
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
While I'm waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
My face turned to stone when I heard the news
What's on the news?
Channel cruise

[Instrumental Outro]

[Verse 1]
On lonely nights, I start to fade
On lonely nights, I start to fade
Her love's a thousand miles away
Her love's a thousand miles away

[Chorus]
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye, my friend, will I ever love again?
Memories made in the coldest winter

[Verse 2]
It's 4 AM and I can't sleep
It's 4 AM and I can't sleep
Her love is all that I can see
Her love is all that I can see

[Chorus]
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye, my friend, will I ever love again?
Memories made in the coldest winter, winter, winter, uh
Goodbye, my friend, will I ever love again?
Goodbye, my friend, will I ever love again?
Goodbye, my friend, will I ever love again?

[Verse 3]
If spring can take the snow away
If spring can take the snow away
Can it melt away all our mistakes?
Can it melt away all our mistakes?

[Chorus]
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye, my friend, I won't ever love again
Never again

[Produced by Kanye West, No I.D., and Jeff Bhasker]

[Intro]
Wise man say, wise man say
Wise man say
You'll never figure out real love
Never figure out real love
You'll never figure out real love

[Verse 1]
It's so crazy, crazy-crazy
I got everything figured out
But for some reason, I can never find what real love is about
No doubt
Everything in the world figured out
But I can never seem to find what real love was about
Do you think I'd sacrifice real life
For all the fame and flashing lights?
Do you think I'd sacrifice a real life
For all the fame and flashing lights?
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no YSL that they could sell
To get my heart out of this hell and my mind out of this jail
There is no clothes that I could buy
That could turn back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back a piece of real life
Real life, what does it feel like?
I ask you tonight, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like? I ask you tonight
To live a real life

[Chorus]
I just wanna be a real boy
They always say: "Kanye, he keeps it real, boy"
Pinocchio's story is, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy

[Verse 2]
It's funny
Pinocchio lied and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth and I keep running
It's like I'm lookin' for something out there, tryna find something
I turn on the TV and see me and see nothing
What does it feel like to live real life, to be real?
Not some façade on TV that no one can really feel
Do you really have the stamina?
For everybody that sees you that say: "where's my camera?"
For everybody that sees you to say: "sign an autograph"
For everybody that sees you cryin' that say you oughta laugh
You oughta laugh

[Chorus]
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes

[Verse 3]
And there is no Gepetto to guide me
No one right beside me
The only one was behind me
I can't find her no more, I can't call her no more
I can't—
The only one that come out on the tour and screams
Back when I was livin' at home and this was all a big dream
And the fame will be get got
And the day I moved to L.A., maybe that was all my fault
All my fault to be a real boy, chasin' the American dream
Chasin' everything we seen up on the TV screen
And when, uh, the Benz was left
And the clothes was left, and the hoes was left
You talk the hoes to death thinkin' the money that the—
You spend the dough to death
And tell me what be left for a real boy
They say: "Kanye, you keep it too real, boy"
Perspective, and wise man say
One day, you'll find your way
The wise man say you'll find your way
The wise man say you'll find your way
Wise man say

[Refrain]
Spit it to you, say little West the little beast
To make the Middle West blow like the Middle East, peace

[Verse 1]
Peace, couldn't afford the S-Class
So I had to cop the baby mama Benz, Jeep
With put fifty, I get this on the first tape
But that fifty that break the bank
Back when my ATM was crazy slim, had a girl nicknamed Sprewell
'Cause when I try to stop, she still made me spin
Back when Avi’s was in, my dog Crazy Ken had eighty of them
It's time to hit the dancefloor, get crazy again
And get that cash money like Baby and Slim
Pull up in something tinted, so tinted she squinted
She said, "This car real old," I told her her it was vintage
And I need to hit the health club and get a girl that's
Into the fitness, tryna get into the business
I'mma make her my apprentice
Make her open wide like she made me her dentist
And let me get inside

[Chorus]
Now I've been hustling my whole life
Tryna get this money up and I think I finally got it right
And I've been partying with this one girl
Who claim, "I gotta go to work tomorrow, but tonight's the night
So pour another glass of that good stuff
A couple more shots and I'll be doing fine"

[Refrain]
Spit it to you, say little West the little beast
To make the Middle West blow like the Middle East, peace

[Verse 2]
Please, what I gotta win five Grammys
Before you finally let me play Alicia's Keys?
If I can't bone, I'll get a clone
Get her there, got her there, grab her hair
She bobbin', don't stop her there
Told me that she love the Roc so much
She drove all the way to Far Rockaway for Rocawear
More popular, 'cause I abracadabra my Nissan
To a car throwing a peace sign, peace
Damn, that's like the same line I used in the first verse
Wa-wa-wa-wa-wa-wait, it gets worse
I told her S-U-C-K before we F-U-C-K
I give a F-U-C-K if your nephew see K
In a CL like U-C-K, that's how you know chickens C-L-U-C-K
I'm tryna find a crazy female with a cutie face
I big pimp her on the DL, like UGK
And then I told her

[Chorus]
I've been hustling my whole life
Tryna get this money up and I think I finally got it right
And I've been partying with this one girl
Who claim, "I gotta go to work tomorrow, but tonight's the night
So pour another glass of that good stuff
A couple more shots and I'll be doing fine"

[Intro]
Now you know you gotta turn this super loud
C'mon now, let's go, uh

[Chorus]
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, uh, let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
I know you're wondering, how is Kanye spittin' so hot?
'Cause I listen to the Roc and I listen and watch
And the first thing I copped was a glistening watch
Off that Blueprint money, yeah, I know I'm a dummy
But what I'm supposed to tell a girl in the club
While that ass is getting feeled on
What, I bought a couple build-ons?
Seems like I got more brain off my fake chain than my real one
'Cause on the real, son
If a girl think you broke, she just wanna fuck and smoke
If you paid then she's thinking 'bout her children, feel him?
Probably not though, 'less you got dough, you know what I mean
You would think the grass greener when you finally get green

[Chorus]
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, okay

[Verse 2]
Man, I promise, she's so self conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecure
The concept of school seems so secure
Sophomore three years, ain't picked a career
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair"
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs
'Cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail and

[Chorus]
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, okay

[Verse 3]
Man, I promise, I'm so self conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pashas done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that Versace!
Then I spent 400 bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this!"
And I refuse go to the grocery store
Without some ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seems we living the American dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our forty acres
And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a Coupe

[Chorus]
Let me hear you say
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, okay

[Outro]
And uh, I decided to stop fuckin' with y'all
Uh, wack ass niggas
And, uh, hatin'-ass, dream killin'-ass niggas
And since I quit
Everyone that supported me, thank you very much
And everyone that doubted me, thank you very little
I’m on that next shit
I’m on that next shit
You on that old shit

[Missy Elliot]

I got a figure eight figure, lookin’ more bigger
Never booty shots, ass look thicker, ass jack tripper
I dance like stripper, been hot since Billy D was drinking malt liquor
I rock a beat like wooh, other chicks can boo like they at the parloo
I get it crazy for you baby, been rapping since y’all was lil babies
You better respect moi, voulez-vous coucher, yes moi
No I can’t be stopped, might see me down the street in a brand new car
Now if y’all ain’t on this new shit right now
Now ya’ll gon have to find a new beat, new beat?
Now y’all on this new shit right here, take your clothes off in the vip

Take clothes off, take clothes off, oh
I take my clothes off, I take my clothes off, let’s go

To the flo’, take it off, to the flo’, take it off
To the flo’, take it off, to the flo’, take it off
Allow me to reintroduce myself, my name Miss
Rocking like no one else
I don’t need yo’ cause I’m feeling myself
Haters you all just be word to dell
Like a throw back to the flow back
Return to the Mac go ‘head take my Kodak
I’m all that, ya ain’t know that
You can’t keep track if you had a low jack
Yeap, must of thought I was over
Been hot before Michael Jackson wore loafers
Ya was youngin, I was much older
Been rich before you even knew about Oprah
Before you knew about Oprah
Been rich before you knew about Oprah
Get it?
Been rich before you even knew about Oprah

Take clothes off
In the vip, watch me take my clothes off
To the flow now, go and take your clothes off
Hey, take your clothes off
DJ Active, Let's do it!
Uh
(Young Money) (W-w-well done)

O-Okay it, Okay, okay it's, Okay
It's too many bitches too many niggas hatin'
Red seat racing now my car name Satan
Ray Finkle, you a bitch I got ya girl naked
Chrome heart, hard to love easier to hate me

Okay
Its too many bitches too many niggas hating
Red seat racing now my car name Satan
Ray Finkle, you a bitch I got ya girl naked
Chrome heart, hard to love, easier to hate me
I fucking hate clowns kill em like Jason
Burner, yea I Pack-trick like Swayze
Crazy cash bank roll roll cookoo mani
I rep California but not like Katy
Peary Middle school ghetto girls used to chase me
Now I’m big now they weigh me on the Richter Scale baby
Put ya hands down fuck opponents and opinions
All the girls love me wrap my dick up with a ribbon
Yeah I'm on it when it's business when I'm chillin' you can kick it
And my shoes are armadillos Louis Vuitton’n on you niggas
Spizzikes, J's Air walkin' on the flizzite
Gettin’ head tight when ya high off in the Skizzye
Attendants say I'm tripping
You don’t hear the captain speaking?
I ball all week bitch you barely get weekends
Every show sold, promoted on Twitter
Fresher than a baby got her standing the acrylic
Souvenir this motherfucker high school yea they did it
Best dressed ahhwww, niggas ain’t ahhhww shit to me
Dear Lord bring the Epiphany
Then let it rain hell flames on my enemies
Don’t, be gettin' caught where you shouldn’t be
Everything ain’t a house party with the silly strings
Beat the b-b-beat to the white meat
You niggas can't see me, like mice feet
Head sprung one dose of me’ll have your mind gone
Chase it with some blue Ciroc now you in the cyclone
Lost in the ozone ain’t you baby
100 things to do before you die let me show you baby
Gotta watch ya back these days
Count a million in ya faces spend it in a day
G-(Gotta) watch ya (back these) days
Count a million dollars then I (spend it in your face nigga)

[Intro: Matthew St. Patrick]
DMC, we have a mid-thirties male found down, unresponsive
Possible overdose, substance unknown
Pulse is 60 and thready
Respiration is eight
He's intubated and we're bagging him now
Uh, BP 90 over palp
Patient is cool, pale, and diaphoretic
Has aspirated, uh, GSC is 3
Will update en route, ETA: ten minutes

[Verse 1: Eminem]
As I fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene
To receive the drug addict trait
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate
Start off with the NyQuil, like, "I think I'll just have a taste"
Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate
To a harder prescription drug called Valium
Like, "yeah, that's great"
I go to just take one and I end up like having eight
Now I need something in my stomach 'cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think that with all I have at stake
Look at my daughter's face
"Mommy, something is wrong with Dad I think
He's acting weird again, he's really beginning to scare me
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me
And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos
And he just fell asleep in his car eating 3 Musketeers in the rear seat"

[Chorus: Eminem]
Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door
Kinda feels like déjà vu
I wanna get away from this place, I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie
'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know

[Verse 2: Eminem]
"Maybe just a nice cold brew, what's a beer?"
That's the devil in my ear, I've been sober a fuckin' year
And that fucker still talks to me, he's all I can fucking hear
"Marshall, come on, we'll watch the game
It's the Cowboys and Buccaneers"
"And maybe if I just drink half
I'll be half-buzzed for half of the time"
Who's the mastermind behind that little line?
With that kind of rationale, man, I got half a mind
To have another half a glass of wine
Sounds asinine, yeah, I know
But I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch, look out for the wall, aim for the couch, I'm 'bout to fall
I miss the couch and down I go, lookin' like a bouncy ball
Shit must've knocked me out 'cause I ain't feel the ground at all
Wow, what the fuck happened last night? Where am I?
Man, fuck, am I hungover, and goddamn, I got a headache
Shit, half a Vicodin, why can't I?
All systems ready for take off, please stand by

[Chorus]
Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door
Kinda feels like déjà vu
I wanna get away from this place, I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie
'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know

[Verse 3: Eminem]
So I take a Vicodin, splash, it hits my stomach, then (Ahhh!)
Couple of weeks go by, it ain't even like I'm gettin' high
Now I need it just not to feel sick, yeah, I'm gettin' by
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if DeShaun didn't die
Oh yeah, there's an excuse; you lose Proof, so you use
There's new rules, it's cool if it's helpin' you to get through
It's twelve-noon, ain't no harm in self-inducin' a snooze
What else is new? Fuck it, what would Elvis do in your shoes?
Now here I am three months later, full-blown relapse
"Just get high until the kids get home from school, homes, relax"
And since I'm convinced that I'm an insomniac
I need these pills to be able to sleep, so I take three naps
Just to be able to function throughout the day, let's see
That's an Ambien each nap, how many Valium? Three?
And that will average out to about one good hour's sleep
Okay, so now ya see the reason how come he
Has taken four years to just put out an album, B
See, me and you, we almost had the same outcome, Heath
'Cause that Christmas, you know the whole pneumonia thing?
It was bologna, was it the methadone, ya think?
Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos?
Your VCR tape cases, with your Ambien CR
Great places to hide 'em, ain't it? So you can lie to Hailie
I'm going beddy-bye, Whitney, baby; good night, Alaina!
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door
And wake up in an ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor, damn

[Chorus: Eminem]
Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door
Kinda feels like déjà vu
I wanna get away from this place, I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie
'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know

[Intro]
They say life's for living
Well I don't feel so good today
I guess I'll drift away
I just get this feeling
Because this system is a cage
Like the prison gates
And if you don't feel it
Then how come Independence Day
Is just a holiday

[Refrain]
I get the feeling that this boat
I feel this boat
Is about to sink, cause it can't float
It can not float
And I get the feeling that we're close
I feel we're close
To the end of the pain that we all know
That we all know

[Verse 2]
Well excuse my expression
But I don't give a fuck today
So there's not much to say
Well I went to my bed
But crazy thoughts kept running through my head
I need some Sudafed
Well if you were my mirror
Then you would see a very sad look on my face
The life of Bobby Ray

[Refrain]

[Verse 3]
Well if I gave you a few words to show my most genuine emotion
They would not describe the way I feel inside
Actually you would have to experience an explosion
So I, just learn to control em
Keep my spirit high to keep my kundalini flowing
Through the the seven-point chakra system
From my toes to the top of my head
And in between my shoulders
If you don't know than you probably can't focus
On nothing but the TV
So your mind ain't yours
You're getting lied to and you don't even know it
The youth's so blind but they eyes wide open

[Refrain]

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Chris Brown & Se7en]
Them yellow diamonds in my chain, yeah, that must mean I'm rich
Them yellow diamonds in my chain, yeah
I got them VVS' flashin' and you know them diamonds brighter than a bitch
You know what we do (Oh, oh yeah) and you know we shinin' so (Oh)
Just watch 'em glitter, glitter, glitter
Just watch 'em glitter
The whole room lit up, lit up, lit up, lit up
The whole room lit up
Just watch us glitter, glitter, glitter, glitter
Just watch it glitter
Glitter (Bow, bow, bow, bow)
And I'm shinin' though

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
She said it's nice to meet me (Meet me), my chain is clear like Fiji (Fiji)
My— (Bow, bow, bow)
She said it's nice to meet me (Meet me), my chain is clear like Fiji (Fiji, bow)
My diamonds shinin' blue and red, you think that shit's in 3D (Bow, bow)
She said it's nice to meet me (Meet me), my chain is clear like Fiji (Fiji)
My diamonds shinin' blue and red, you think that shit's in 3D (3D)
Girl, where you wanna go? (Go) Jamaica or Tahiti? ('Hiti)
Don't share you with no others, love the money, plus I'm greedy (Bow)
And it's a piece of cake, I say 'cause I'm a pro (Pro)
You little fake boys, it's like Pinocchio (Oh)
But I'm in Tokyo, gettin' massages from these hoes (Ayy)
And you can hate but I'm just flyin' private on these hoes, ah

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Chris Brown & Se7en, Big Sean]
Them yellow diamonds in my chain, yeah, that must mean I'm rich
Them yellow diamonds in my chain, yeah
I got them VVS' flashin' and you know them diamonds brighter than a bitch (Brighter than a bitch)
You know what we do (Oh, oh yeah) and you know we shinin' so (Oh)
Just watch 'em glitter, glitter, glitter
Just watch 'em glitter
The whole room lit up, lit up, lit up, lit up
The whole room lit up
Just watch us glitter, glitter, glitter, glitter (I'll probably fuck this up one time proper, nigga)
Just watch it glitter
Glitter (Bow, bow, bow, bow)
And I'm shinin' though (I said)

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Okay, diamonds are yellow
This shit look like immigration (Boing, boing, boing)
Stackin' money to the ceilin'
I'ma need a renovation (Ha)
You a rhinestone, shorty (Shorty)
Your shit's an imitation
Man, my neck shinin' so bright (What?)
I feel like I'm on a vacation, man
So fuck you and your outlet (Fuck you)
Outfit, you can buy mine from— (From where?)
Syke, I'm playin', nigga, this ain't out yet (Silly nigga)
Yellow diamonds (Yellow diamonds)
My neck froze (Neck froze)
Chain heavy (Boing)
I feel like my neck broke

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Chris Brown & Se7en, Big Sean]
Them yellow diamonds in my chain, yeah, that must mean I'm rich
(Yeah, I'm yellow)
Them yellow diamonds in my chain, yeah (Shit look like old yellow nigga)
I got them VVS' flashin' and you know them diamonds brighter than a bitch
(Boing, boing, boing, I do it)
You know what we do (Oh, oh yeah) and you know we shinin' so (Oh)
(I got your bitch in a trance, nigga)
Just watch 'em glitter, glitter, glitter
Just watch 'em glitter
The whole room lit up, lit up, lit up, lit up
(My diamond dancin' like Diddy, haha)
The whole room lit up
Just watch us glitter, glitter, glitter, glitter
(Boing, boing, CB)
Just watch it glitter
Glitter (Bow, bow, bow, bow)
And I'm shinin' though (I'm good)

[Intro: Big Boi]
Boom, boom, boom
Ha-ha!

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Ready for action, nip it in the bud
We never relaxing, OutKast is everlasting
Not clashing, not at all
But, see, my nigga went to do a little acting
Now, that's for anyone asking, give me one, pass 'em
Drip-drip-drop—there goes an eargasm
Now you cumming out the side of your face
We tapping right into your memory banks (Thanks!)
So click it or ticket, let's see your seat belt fastened
Trunk rattling, like two midgets in the backseat 'rassling
Speakerboxxx vibrate the tag
Make it sound like aluminum cans in the bag
But I know y'all wanted that 808
Can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass?
But I know y'all wanted that 808
Can you feel that B-A-S-S, bass?

[Chorus: Sleepy Brown]
I like the way you move
I like the way you move, woo-ooh-ooh
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
I love the way you move
I love the way you move, woo-ooh-ooh
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
The whole room fell silent, the girls all paused with glee
Turning left, turning right, are they looking at me?
Well, I was looking at them, there, there, on the dance floor
Now, they got me in the middle, feeling like a man-whore
'Specially the big girl
Big girls need love, too—no discrimination here, squirrel
So keep your hands off my cheeks
And let me study how you ride the beat, you big freak
Skinny-slim women got the cameltoe within them
You can hump them, lift them, bend them
Give them something to remember
Yell out "Timber!" when you fall through the chop shop
Take a deep breath and exhale
Your ex-male-friend-boyfriend was boring as hell
But let me listen to the story you tell
And we can make moves like a person in jail: on the low, ho

[Chorus: Sleepy Brown]
I like the way you move
I like the way you move, woo-ooh-ooh
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
I love the way you move
I love the way you move, woo-ooh-ooh
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way

[Bridge: Sleepy Brown]
Hey, baby, girl, don't you stop me
Come on, lady, dance all around me
You (Look so fine) You look so fine (Look so fine)
You driving me (Out of my) Out of my mind
(Out my mind) Ooh, baby, if I could
I would just leave with you, baby
Oooh, 'cause you light me, andd excite me
And you know, you got me, baby, ooh!

[Chorus: Sleepy Brown]
I like the way you move (I like the way you move)
I like the way you move (Ooh, you're so sexy, baby), woo-ooh-ooh
I love the way you move
I love the way (Oh, oh), I love the way (Ooh)
I love the way you move (I love the way you move)
I love the way you move (Ooh, you're so sexy, baby), woo-ooh-ooh
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
I like the way you move
I like the way you move, woo-ooh-ooh
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way...

[Intro: Big Boi & André 3000]
Yuh
Uh-huh

[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the Sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie
And sometimes, "Y"
Nothing is for sure, nothing is for certain
Nothing lasts forever, but until they close the curtain
(Y'all know)
It's him and I: Aquemini

[Break: Big Boi]
Yeah

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Now is the time to get on—like Spike Lee said, "Get on the Bus"
Go get your work and keep your beeper chirping—it's a must
Is you on that dust or corn starch? Familiar with that smack, man?
The music is like that green stuff provided to you by sack-man
Pacman, how in the fuck you think we gon' do that, man?
Riding round Old National on eighteens without no gat, man
I'm strapped, man, and ready to bust on any nigga like that, man
Me and my nigga, we roll together like Batman and Robin
We prayed together through hard times, swung hard when it was fitting
But now, we tapping the brakes from all them corners that we be bending
In Volkswagens and Bonnevilles, Chevrolets and Coupe de Villes
If you ain't got no rims, nigga, don't get no wood-grain steering wheel, for real (Real)
You can go on and chill out and still build
Let your paper stack 'stead of going into overkill
And pay your fuckin' beeper bill, bitch

[Break: Big Boi & André 3000]
Yeah
Yuh, yuh (Yeah)

[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the Sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie
And sometimes, "Y"
Nothing is for sure, nothing is for certain
And nothing lasts forever, but until they close the curtain
It's him and I: Aquemini

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Twice upon a time, there was a boy who died
Lived happily ever after, but that's another chapter
Live from "home of the brave," with dirty dollars
Beauty parlors, baby ballers, bowling-ball Impalas
Street scholars, majoring in culinary arts—
You know, how to work bread, cheese, and dough from scratch
But, see, the catch is you can get caught
Know what you selling, what you bought, so cut that big talk
Let's walk to the bridge—meet me halfway
Now you may see some children dead off in the pathway
It's them poor babies walking slowly to the candy lady
It's looking bad—
Need some hope like the words "maybe," "if," or "probably"
More than a hobby
When my turntables get wobbly, they don't fall
I'm sorry, y'all, I often drift—I'm talking gift
So when it comes, you never look the horse inside its grill
Of course, you know I feel like the bearer of bad news
Don't want to be it, but it's needed, so what have you?
Now, question: Is every nigga with dreads for the cause?
Is every nigga with golds for the fall?
Naww, so don't get caught up in appearance
It's OutKast, "Aquemini": another Black experience

[Break: André 3000]
Okay

[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the Sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie
And sometimes, "Y"
Nothing is for sure, nothing is for certain
Nothing lasts forever, but until they close the curtain
It's him and I: Aquemini

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
The name is Big Boi, Daddy Fat Sax, the nigga that like them Cadillacs
I stay down with these streets 'cause these streets is where my folks at
Better know that, some say we pro-Black, but we professional
We missed a lot of church, so the music is our confessional
Get off the testicles and the nutsacks, you bust 'round, we bust back
G—Get back for real niggas that's out here tryna spit facts
You 'ear that? You can't come near that, maybe you need to quit (Quit)
Because "Aquemini" is Aquarius and the Gemini running shit
Like this, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 4: André 3000]
My mind warps and bends, floats the wind, count to ten
Meet the twin, André Ben', welcome to the lion's den
Original skin, many men comprehend
I extend myself, so you go out and tell a friend
Sin all depends on what you believing in
Faith is what you make it—that's the hardest shit since MC Ren
Alien can blend right on in with your kin
Look again, 'cause I swear, I spot one every now and then
It's happening again, wish I could tell you when
"André, this is André, y'all are just gon' have to make amends"

[Chorus: André 3000]
Even the Sun goes down, heroes eventually die
Horoscopes often lie
And sometimes, "Y"
Nothing is for sure, nothing is for certain
And nothing lasts forever, but until they close the curtain
It's him and I: Aquemini

[Skit: André 3000]
Master: Finally, Igor! We've done it, we've done it!
Igor: Yes, master! Yes, master!
Master: Igor, we've done it!
Both: Uh-oh
(*Woman screaming*)

[Intro]
Yeah
F-N-F up
Through all the trials and the tribulations
And the storms
Yeah
We're still here
You know what I'm saying? Gemini
Lupe
Fresh from the reigns of the police
This has been brought to you by genocide
Sponsored by crack
We ain't going nowhere
Record your operation with guns

[Verse 1]
They couldn't believe how I took jargon
Made it describe how I push hard in
Through the streets, and at the same time I was pushing the margins
So far to the left that I ended up writing on my desk
Yes, I'm from a concrete jungle, that'll make your set look like bush gardens test
Who wan' touch the Juan Don, Von Dutch
Niggas want none trust, please believe
I don't give a damn how gassed up or eager he is
It started won't stop, who don't
Want us to blow like bomb squad well fire on guard
It's Lupe touche
Coup de Grâce, now put them in the trunk like the roofs are our cars
Yeah, rappers is like Sonny
When I'm in the booths with my bars
A mind full of poison, a mouth full of flu and a lung full of SARS
Fresh from the mayonnaise jar
Prepare to break it down, get your razor blade's paw

[Interlude]

[Verse 2]
But it wasn't easy to crack it, we wasn't fly
Had to get it off the ground pedaling
E.T. was in the basket, now it's sick
1st and 5th on the come up like the last bullet in the clip
Click, a few didn't survive
It triggered something inside that gave me power, got a grip
Like the floor of the shower, now I hit
Anything that I set my sights on, no lights on
Silence is my 5th plead the 5th
I don't need a Japanese flag, Vash the Stampede of hip-hop, straight from the hip
Bang, no matter how the enemy bolsters I'm going to hold us down like the holdsters right up on my shoulders
Clappers, why don't you wait some more
Fire, it ain't safe no more
Cocksuckers pull backwards
I pull faster it's master
I haven't turned into guns like MegaTron
You just brushed upon the upper echelon, gone

[Verse 3]
Pops said they won't follow ya if your points is hollow
So it made vocal, the ad-lib I bring focal
To bad kid, shed light on troubled youth
Fed, egg rice and noodle soups
Explain all their rules and roots
But not enough to incriminate
Just enough to demonstrate
Why they're confused as youths
Are easily amused and consumed with hoops
Spar greedily for cubes and refused the truth
Followers, easily subdued by flutes
Swallowers, of anything the bandwagon hands them
Well listen to me, telling them to listen to me
Refuse my rules is ? scoop
I'm finna take you to my zone
Take you to my home, please remove your boots
Not the spook who sat by the door
But Lu' who slept on the floor
That you stepped over all these years
Waking up, coming back for yours

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is laggin'
See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin'
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzin'
So fuck I look like gettin' back to a has-been?
Yeah, I said it—"has-been"
Hang it up: flatscreen, ha
Plasma
"Hey Nicki, hey Nicki," asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars: sentencin'
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that ho: punt
Force trauma: blunt
You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cuttin' it
Nicki Minaj is who you ain't fuckin' with
You lil' Fraggle Rock, I beat you with a pad-a-lock
I am a movie, camera block
You out of work, I know it's tough
But enough is enough

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Raah, I eat your face off
You niggas sweet as pie, like this is a bake-off
I love Nicki's curves, swing at the baseball
ERRR! I'll beat your brakes off
Hi, I'm Tune, salt in the wound
I'm up in this bitch, pardon the goons
Throw dirt on the floor and get caught in the broom
I like a big, wet pussy with a fork and a spoon
I got money and the power, a woman in the shower
And she don't want nothing but my Johnson—Howard
Sour Dies' in the Swisher Sweet, sweet and sour
You're scared? Go to church, say your prayers, read a Bible
Ah, I don't know what y'all on
Please, I go in like "Goin'"
Dr—Drink in my hand with the world in the other
The Uzi go "Brrrr-r-r-r-r": stutter, ha
Life is a puzzle, jigsaw
All I do is win, my name should be "Victor"
Haha! Old-ass rappers
I'm still the shit: old-ass Pampers
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Foie gras, I hear you ducks is quackin'
I was just pluckin my ashes, I'ma puff it and pass it
I'm a fuckin' assassin, you should jump in the casket

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Is this the thanks that I get for puttin' you bitches on?
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?
Shoulda sent a thank-you note, you little ho
Now, I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow
"N—N—Nicki, she's just mad 'cause you took the spot"
W—W—Word? That bitch mad 'cause I took the spot?
Well, bitch, if you ain't shittin', then get off the pot
Got some niggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top
I—I—I—I hear them mumblin', I hear the cacklin'
I got 'em scared, shook, panickin'
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a standstill: mannequin
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
I'm the motherfuckin' boss: overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom! Motorbike
Now all my niggas gettin' buck: overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's
Raggedy Ann, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches callin' me "Manning Eli"

[Break: Nicki Minaj]
Manning, Eli (Manning, Eli!)
These bitches callin' me Manning Eli!!

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
Roman, Roman! Stop it, stop it!
You've gone mad! Mad, I tell you! Mad!
You and this boy, Little Weezy!
What's going on? They'll lock you away!
They'll put you in a jail cell! I promise!
Take your mother's warning, Roman, please!
Back to bed! Run along! Let's go! Come on!
Wash your mouth out with soap, boys

[Intro: John Legend]
Give me the green light
Give me just one night
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now (Let's go!)
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now

[Verse 1: John Legend]
I see you move, I'm checking your smile
Workin your back like, it's going out of style
Shake just a little bit faster
Shake just a little now girl
Dying to meet you, so let's mess around
Got an obsession, of us getting down
Come just a little bit closer
I just need permission, so

[Chorus: John Legend]
Give me the green light
Give me just one night
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now
We could go all night
Give me the green light
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now

[Refrain: André 3000 & (John Legend)]
One, two, three - green light
Well, if it's what it seems like
They way you're movin' baby let's me know that's it's gon' be right
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now) Ah, ah
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now)
A-one, two, three - red light
I wanna see what your bed's like
But if I be your buddy, get you studied, is yo' head right?
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now) Ah, ah
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now)

[Verse 2: John Legend & (André 3000)]
Do I have a girlfriend? Well, technically no (NO!)
If you be my girlfriend, then I'll make it so
You'll be my only true lover
No competition, no other (no other)
Baby, it's just, the thrill of the chase
I've got a feeling, I'm winning this race
Baby, I'm in much closer
I just need permission so

[Chorus: John Legend]
Give me the green light
Give me just one night
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now
We could go all night
Give me the green light
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now

[Refrain: André 3000 & (John Legend)]
One, two, three - green light
Well, if it's what it seems like
They way you're movin' baby let's me know that's it's gon' be right
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now) Ah, ah
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now)
A-one, two, three - red light
I wanna see what your bed's like
But if I be your buddy, get you studied, is yo' head right?
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now) Ah, ah
I'm - (I'm ready to go right now)

[Verse 3: André 3000]
So I went hard like Medusa starin at me
I told her, "Let's go, let's blow this lame nigga factory"
She said, "What kind of girl do you think that I are?
The kind that you meet in a bar?
You think you can get whatever you want cause you some kind of star"
No, I'm a comet; I just want you woman
Hey, if I were you then it would be me that I'd go home with
Three, the one and only, one thing you ain't considered
I heard you when you told your girl, "Ooh, he can get it" - admit it
You did it! Let's hop a cab, and split it
I'm kiddin! We both goin' to where you livin'!
Eh-HAH!! I got you giggling like a piglet - oh, that's the ticket?
I hope you more like, Anita Baker, than Robin Givens
No, I don't know that lady, so let me quit it
I'm just stylefreein', freestylin' which I seldom do
This is what I'm tellin' you, to the bed I'm nailin' you
Like I've been in jail for two, years and then they let me loose

[Chorus: John Legend]
Give me the green light
Give me just one night
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now
We could go all night
Give me the green light
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now

[Overlap: André 3000]
You got you one, Legend!
Sometimes you gotta step from behind that piano!
And let 'em know what's going on
Even Stevie Wonder got down sometimes..Hahaha!
I'm ready to go! My mandate can't wait
Participate

[Outro: John Legend]
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now
I'm ready to go right now
Now I don’t mean to be rude
But every since I ran into you
I’ve been thinking about things I wanna do
I told you I’ve got a room, well
You said you tryna come through
And if your girl trippin’ then bring her too!

Cause I, I ain't gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long
Cause I, I ain't gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long

One for the money, two for the show
Three rooms, four chicks who brought pounds to smoke
Five times in your city, now your town should know
Six bottles waiting, Seven time
And you know me, I’m VIP smoking tropical
Love the way my diamond shining like Mop and Glo
Take off, take off
She ready for take off
The more you wear to the club the more you gotta take off

And I live fast like the brakes off
Bigger cake in my bank bitch, bake-off
Your pockets on E, weight loss
My goons on top of the beef, steak sauce
And when I’m in the club I blind them hoes like Ray Charles
Used to be your old lady but you got laid off

Take off, take off
She ready for take off
The more you wear to the club the more you gotta take off

Now I don’t mean to be rude
But every since I ran into you
I’ve been thinking about things I wanna do
I told you I’ve got a room, well
You said you tryna come through
And if your girl trippin’ then bring her too

Cause I, I ain't gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long
Cause I, I ain't gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long
Ain’t gon’ wait all night long

[Intro: R. Kelly]
Aight, now we got that out the way, let's double up
It's your boyfriend
Look here, if we in the club
And you trying to decide whether if you gon' leave with me
And you don't know because you got your girl with you
Bring her with you, bring her with you!
I got a place you can stay in my crib, let's go

[Chorus: R. Kelly (Snoop Dogg)]
Step up out the club with a dizzy head
I got two chick that got dizzy legs
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
You know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Hop up in that Phantom with the doors suicide
I got a freak in the front and a freak in the back
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
And you know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Double Up

[Verse 1: R. Kelly]
I flow through the spot, Kells on the prowl
I see these honies and they dancing all wild
All up on each other winding real freaky
I'm plottin on how I'm gon take 'em home with me
Maybe her cousin, maybe her girlfriend
I just wanna get them both up out of here
Fast as I can on them dubs to the crib
Start off with my game and pop a lil bub
And have 'em dance for me like they danced in the club
Oooh they so freaky and both of them on me
Shots of Tequila puffin dro and now they ready
Her girl hollered out with her best friends
And then I hollered out "y'all look like twins"
Ain't no competition, y'all a couple of tens
And then they said "Kells, tell us what you wanna do?"
Well I'm about to double up with you and you

[Chorus: R. Kelly (Snoop Dogg)]
Step up out the club with a dizzy head
I got two chick that got dizzy legs
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
You know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Hop up in that Phantom with the doors suicide
I got a freak in the front and a freak in the back
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
And you know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Double Up

[Verse 2: R. Kelly]
Women don't stop when I walk up in the club
See your girl with her girl and try to get a group hug
Get 'em to the hotel get some group love
Her, her, me, man I just can't get enough
All up in my tub, steady poppin bub
Who is she to you when she reply first cuz
Man I can tell they so naughty, naughty
The way they took me down like a forty, forty
One in the bed and one in the chair
One might suck my toes while one braid my hair
In the prop spot like two fo these players
In the car lot like two of these players
Haters say "damn, how he doin this player?"
Doubling up for me is like routine player
I'ma go get 'em, mix 'em up like a dealer
Man three is company, bitch call me Jack Tripper

[Chorus: R. Kelly (Snoop Dogg)]
Step up out the club with a dizzy head
I got two chick that got dizzy legs
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
You know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Hop up in that Phantom with the doors suicide
I got a freak in the front and a freak in the back
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
And you know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Double Up

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
I'm back up in the VIP, in a cloud of smoke
Be poundin', surrounded by all my folks
Give me another shot, damn the music loud
I'm bout to mix it up and blend in in the crowd
Whip, slip, slide by the dance floor
Baby grab me by the hand say she wanna dance, oh oh
Is that your girlfriend peepin' me out?
Sho' nuff, it must be cause now she freakin' me out
She get behind a nigga, grindin' on a nigga, touchin' on me
Whisperin' in my ear, damn it sound lovely
I'm infatuated, we evacuated, now we at the crib
It's two for the money, that's the life I live
Kiss me, kiss her, now kiss each other
It's a trip the way I make these chicks twist each other
Take your shirt off, now I'ma take hers off too
It's double or nothin', baby, that's how the boss do

[Chorus: R. Kelly (Snoop Dogg)]
Step up out the club with a dizzy head
I got two chick that got dizzy legs
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
You know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Hop up in that Phantom with the doors suicide
I got a freak in the front and a freak in the back
I'm 'bout to double up (one on each arm)
And you know I'm 'bout to double up (I keep one on each arm)
Double Up

[Outro: Snoop Dogg (R. Kelly)]
How bout that?
Snoop Dogg and Kells (Chi-tizzle)
We lead the league in this here man (Believe that)
You know what I'm talking about? (Yeah, hell yeah)
That's forty toes man, add that up, forty toes
That's like twenty points and twenty rebounds
That's a double double (you a fool)
We double up like that man, Midwest connect
You know what it is, holla back
(Uncle Junebug, what up my nigga?)
(I see you Reese, sitting there all slim and shit
Nigga I'm 'bout to go workout too)

[Verse: Earl Sweatshirt]
Sweatshirt, Domo Genesis, throwing chairs, killing shit
I'm half-privileged, think white and have n*gger lips
A tad different, mad smart, act ignorant
Shit, I'll pass a class when my dad starts giving shits
But as long as our relationship is turdless
I'ma keep burning rubber and fucking these beats with burnt dick
Who that? Oh, that new-coon John Cusack
A Mecca button-up, shouting, "Bring Fubu back"
Hands full of coke, mouth full of crack Muzak
Odd Future on the do-rag—guess who's back?
With no hint, we're egging with no tint
Plus, it's a shotgun under the seat where your ho sits, ugh
The Night Striker, I'm riding her, up-tying her
It's nine Vicodins stuck inside of the windpipes of her
A little bit of sherm sure provokes the fucking fight in her
She started biting 'cause I'm giving cock like it's advice to her
Take that, I'm on top like wave caps
This is grade-A rap—Domo, bring that bass back, nigga

[Outro: Earl Sweatshirt & Tyler, the Creator]
Um, Domo couldn’t be here, so, uh… We’re just… I don’t like talking. Hu— Ugh!
Awww, cuz fell on the floor, cuz! Ayy, call them policemen niggas that, like, help people when they hurt!

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Times is changin', young niggas is agin'
Becoming OG's in the game and changin'
To make way for these new names and faces
But the strangest things can happen from rappin'
When niggas get wrapped up in image and actin'
Niggas get capped up and wrapped in plastic
Zipped up in bags—when it happens, that's it
I've seen 'em come, I've watched 'em go
Watched 'em rise, witnessed it, and watched 'em blow
Watched 'em all blossom and watched 'em grow
Watched the lawsuits when they lost the dough
Best friends and money: I lost 'em both
Went and visited niggas in the hospital
It's all the same shit all across the globe
I just sit back and watch the show (The watcher)

[Chorus: Eminem & Knoc-turn'al]
'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
I moved out of the hood for good—you blame me?
Niggas aim, mainly, at niggas they can't be
But niggas can't hit niggas they can't see
I'm out of sight now, I'm out of they dang reach
How would you feel if niggas wanted you killed?
You'd probably move to a new house on a new hill
And choose a new spot, if niggas wanted you shot
I ain't a thug—how much 2Pac in you you got?
I ain't no bitch, neither
It's either my life or your life and I ain't leavin', I like breathin'
'Cause nigga, we can go round for round
Clip for clip—shit, four-pound for pound
Nigga, if you really want to take it there, we can
Just remember that you fuckin' with a family man
I got a lot more to lose than you
Remember that when you wanna come and fill these shoes (The watcher)

[Chorus: Eminem & Knoc-turn'al]
'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Things just ain't the same for gangstas
Cops is anxious to put niggas in handcuffs
They wanna hang us, see us dead, or enslave us
Keep us trapped in the same place we was raised in
Then, they wonder why we act so outrageous
Run around stressed out and pull out gauges
'Cause every time you let the animal out cages
It's dangerous to people who look like strangers
But now, we got a new era of gangstas
Hustlers and youngsters livin' amongst us
Lookin' at us now, callin' us busters
Can't help but reminisce back when it was us
Nigga, we started this gangsta shit!
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
It's funny how time flies
I'm just having fun, just watchin' it fly by (The watcher)

[Chorus: Eminem & Knoc-turn'al]
'Cause everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as befo' (The watcher)
People I used to know
Just don't know me no mo' (The watcher)
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know (The watcher)
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low (I'm watching)

[Outro: Knoc-turn'al]
The watcher
I'm watching
The watcher
The watcher

[Intro]
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay!
Alright, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo
Alright, I'ma lay the chorus first
Here we go now!

[Chorus]
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!

[Verse 1]
My mom, my mom, I know you're probably tired
Of hearin' 'bout my mom, oh-ho, whoa-ho
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin' peas in my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So every day I'd have at least three stomachaches
Now tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an undera-fuckin'-chiever?
My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
"What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fuckin' seat for?"
"Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffin' ether
Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer"
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither, I was buzzin' but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleepin'
What the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for?
Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin'
Go find you a white crayon and color a fuckin' zebra!

[Chorus]
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!

[Verse 2]
Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner!
"You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I?
Now here's a plate full of painkillers, now just wait
'Til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes
You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make
That retarded fuckin' face without even tastin' it
You better lick the fuckin' plate, you ain't wastin' it
Put your face in it 'fore I throw you in the basement again
And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there
In one fuckin' place, finnickin' 'til next Thanksgiving
And if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip, it'll be placed in the shit
You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent?
A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? It's none of your dang business, kid!"

[Bridge 1]
My mom
There's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high on what I'm high on, 'cause—

[Chorus]
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!

[Bridge 2]
My mom loved Valium, now all I am
Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohh!

[Verse 3]
Man, I never thought that I could ever be
A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually what has ended up happenin'
A tragedy, the fuckin' past ended up catchin' me
And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it?
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful
She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache
"Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat?
Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it"
But I don't need it — "Well fuck it then, break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up"
Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop it, gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip, then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead

[Chorus]
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!

[Outro]
My mom, I'm just like her
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my momma
Me momma, I like-a da momma
Haha, sorry Mom
I still love you though!
Dr. Dre, 2010
Hey, this shit is hella hard, homie
Yo, take us on outta here
Woo!

[Lil Wayne]
Kush, good kush, yup
Weezy, dip dip, Wayne set set
And I grip Tecs, leave 'em water bed wet
And I know just where to put these hollow tips
His chest, his chest, his chest

Yea, ayo, I take on a gang of gangs, anything, animal, orangutans
Gorillas turn to Bathing Apes, when I make it rain
I got a whole collection, I got a dope connection
I got a coke connection, I got a dough infection
No homo, my flow is as hard as an erection
So that's why it's "fuck the world" with protection
Haha, pay attention to the lecture
My words carry life, like a stretcher
Yeah, you know young Wayne in here
Smellin' teen spirit, like Kurt Cobain was here
Yeah, yeah, we got them thangs in here
And we will bang in here, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And the bank is here Lincolns here
Grants is here, Jacksons here, Franklins here, them dead motherfuckers
And the drank is here, dank is here, stank in here
Gangstas here, wankstas fear... that red motherfucker
And my city hot, ride with the itchy cock
Coupe with the titties pop, motherfuck a city cop
And I got the hater like, when will he stop?
Maybe a minute after never, set ya clocks
I'm a nut case, Uptown my birthplace
They feel me coming like the weekend on Thursday
We got Vegas chips, nigga bet bet
I hope you boys ready, because I'm jet set
And when I come up in the building, you already know bitch wet
Bitch wet, bitch wet, fuck now
Hahaha
Yes, um, gloves, draws, socks, tees
All made by Ralph Lauren
No shades, just my eyeballs watching them
Tattoos on top of them
Igloos for watches and champagne for breakfast
And sports car for lunch and pussy for dinner
I eat rappers and call it pussy for dinner
Yea, ask the paparazzi, I'm in the Maserati
Ridin shotty, bad bitch, Clyde and Bonnie
I call her Kami, that short for kamikaze
She call me Daddy, and never short with Daddy money
It's Weezy Baby, shine like a brass monkey
I'm never broke, never have a cast on me
Always paid, always got cash on me
I gotta feed, the pockets in my pants hungry
I'mma Phantom hauler, a shooter, not a brawler
And your girlfriend's a determinded Carter caller
Control a bitch and let a nigga hold a bitch
I put her on the corner shit, I let her make a porno flick
She will play the role again, whenever she roll again
Pop a pill, then roll again, now we on the road again
Yea, I work her, work her, tell her be my slave
Bitch I'm paid, out my cage, I just Can't Feel My Face
With Santana, we well riders, like Al Qaeda
Supreme Da Da, Young Moolah, Bird Junior
Yea.. ha

[Intro: Ludacris]
{*dial tone, BEEP*}
Hey, this is Luda, okay?
Look, I need you to do me a huge, favor
Umm, c-can you please take your name, off of your phone?
Umm, my-my girl went through my cell phone and uhh, she may be calling you
So, so if you can please take your name off of that
And And-and just have it as-as a number on the voicemail, okay?
You gotta do this for me, huge, quickly!

[Hook: Ludacris]
So I'm just sittin in this rehab class
Tryin to get myself unhooked on ass
So then my teacher asked me a question
Like "Ludacris, are you over there sexting?"
Ha ha, O-M-G, L-O-L, K-I-T Smiley faces, X and O's, L-M-F-A-O
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
So I'm gettin treated for my sex addiction
In a private clinic and I need you to be sensitive 'bout my condition
Cause I'm in it to win it and I really don't wanna further disappoint my fans
And my teacher's a cougar so I wish she'd lend a helpin hand, a helpin hand
Damn! Calm down, B-B-C T-X-T a M-S-G
After class, come with me
And can I get a little bit of T-L-C?
She reply, "What the fuck? F-Y-I you're gonna flunk S-M-H, it's such a shame You ain't learned a damn thang"

[Hook: Ludacris]
So I'm just sittin in this rehab class
Tryin to get myself unhooked on ass
So then my teacher asked me a question
Like "Ludacris, are you over there sexting?"
Ha ha, O-M-G, L-O-L, K-I-T Smiley faces, X and O's, L-M-F-A-O
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone

[Ludacris]
{*dial tone*}
This is huge, okay?
I need you to do this quickly
She went through my phone, she might be calling you
So just take your name off and have it as a voicemail
Do it now!

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
So I'm sittin at the crib just chillin and I'm mindin my business
Got a text with a tongue out from a number I didn't recognize, I replied "Who is this?"
Quick back got a hit back Said, "This is Stacy and I been missin you
Had to change my number so I went and got a new phone and a new tattoo" - a what? A new tattoo?
Wow! Aww yeah, hurry quick
Can you send a nasty pic?
So I can see right where it is
And I promise I won't show my friends (yeah right!)
She replied, "Well okay B-T-W, by the way S-M-H, it's such a shame that you ain't learned a damn thang"

[Hook: Ludacris]
So I'm just sittin in this rehab class
Tryin to get myself unhooked on ass
So then my teacher asked me a question
Like "Ludacris, are you over there sexting?"
Ha ha, O-M-G, L-O-L, K-I-T Smiley faces, X and O's, L-M-F-A-O
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone

[Ludacris]
{*dial tone*}
This is huge I need you to take your name off of the voicemail
You gotta do it for me NOW, quickly!

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
So I pull up to the club stuntin in a yellow Lamborghiiiiini
Half bent, black tint Five percent make it a little hard to seeeeee me
Stepped out, fresh out
Headed straight for the do' on into the V.I.P.!
Next thing I got a text from a freaky Latina sayin "Is that you I see? Is that you papi?"
So I B-B-M'd, abbreviate
Yup and before the night gets too late
Let me hit you with a little Q&A
Can I tap that ass? T-T-A!
She replied, "It all depends! It's me plus one, can I bring my friend?"
And all I could think was it's such a shame that I ain't learned a damn thang

[Hook: Ludacris]
So I'm just sittin in this rehab class
Tryin to get myself unhooked on ass
So then my teacher asked me a question
Like "Ludacris, are you over there sexting?"
Ha ha, O-M-G, L-O-L, K-I-T Smiley faces, X and O's, L-M-F-A-O
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone
My girl went through my cell phone

[Outro: Ludacris]
{*dial tone*}
Look, I told you she's onto us
We probably only have about 24 more hours to live
I'm fearful for my life, and I think you should be fearful for yours
I mean, do you wanna have sex just once more?
Just c'mon, just let me get it in the hole one more time
Hole in one, quickly It'll be huge, huge, trust me
I think we should do it, I mean we're gonna die anyway
Why not, you know? Heh, LUDA!

[Verse 1: Mike Shinoda]
Yeah
I am not a pattern to be followed
The pill that I'm on is a tough one to swallow
I'm not a criminal, not a role model
Not a born leader, I'm a tough act to follow
I am not the fortune and the fame
Nor the same person telling you to forfeit the game
I came in the ring like a dog on a chain
And I found out the underbelly's sicker than it seems
And it seems ugly, but it can get worse
'Cause even a blueprint is a gift and a curse
'Cause once you got a theory of how the thing works
Everybody wants the next thing to be just like the first
And I'm not a robot, I'm not a monkey
I will not dance, even if the beat's funky
Opposite of lazy, far from a punk
You all ought to stop talking
Start trying to catch up, motherfucker!

[Chorus: Mike Shinoda]
And all the people say
Try to catch up, motherfucker!

[Verse 2: Mike Shinoda]
Lauryn said "money change a situation"
Big said "it increase the complication"
Kane said "Don't step. I ain't the one"
Chuck said "that Uzi weigh a motherfucking ton"
And I'm just a student of the game that they taught me
Rocking every stage in every place that it brought me
I'm awfully underrated, but came here to correct it
And so it ain't mistaken, I'ma state it for the record
I am the opposite of wack, opposite of weak
Opposite of slack, synonym of heat, synonym of crack
Closest to a peak, far from a punk
You all ought to stop talking
Start trying to catch up, motherfucker!

[Chorus: Mike Shinoda]
And all the people say
Try to catch up, motherfucker!

[Bridge: Chester Bennington]
Oh, when they come for me
Come for me, I'll be gone
Oh, when they come for me
Come for me, I'll be gone
Oh, when they come for me
Come for me, I'll be gone

[Chorus: Mike Shinoda]
And all the people say
Try to catch up, motherfucker!

[Chorus: Mike Shinoda]
And all the people say
Try to catch up, motherfucker!

[Outro: Brad Delson and Chester Bennington]
Escuchénme, preste atención
Escuchénme ahora
Escuchénme ahora
Escuchénme todos
Toda la gente, preste atención
Escuchénme ahora mismo

Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh

[Intro]
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba
You pussy niggas finna make me kill one a y'all

[Hook: T.I.]
Ain't a damn thang change
I still keep that thang right up under my shirt
Betta tell 'em I ain't playin'
Because it's all fun and games until somebody get hurt
Ain't a damn thang change
I still keep that thang right up under my shirt
Run up on him where he hang and BANG!
Cause it's all fun and games until somebody get hurt
Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt
Boy you betta catch me first
Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt
Boy you betta catch me first
Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt
Boy you betta catch me first
Boy you finna get hurt, murked, put him in the dirt
Boy you betta catch me first

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Alota pussy niggas talk like broads love runnin' they mouth
That is til I run in they house
Put the gun in they mouth, tell 'em "Nigga talk shit now"
You'd think they know the gun go BOW!
I ain't scared of the law
Naw I'm about to go to war what it is nigga win lose or draw
I'll never get caught murkin' y'all cuz it ain't what you do
The question is: Who saw?
Shawty I'm way too raw
Catch me any day you want you could think I'm a play if you want
But the fact still remain if I got a AK and you don't
Well then playa you gone
Don't get me wrong there's some niggas wanna kill me too (Well where they at?)
But this ain't bout shit cause it's well known where I'm at
They could catch me in the booth right now if you really like that
Naw nigga let they ho get him in the whole shit, the 44 spit they holla "Oh shit!"
Protectin' her and you both hit
You betta check ya girl cause you be so sick
If the choppa leave you with no dick
Or a plastic bag holdin' yo' shit
Leave 6 in you, a couple more in ya bitch
And I don't miss cause I'm focused nigga

[Hook: T.I.]

[Verse 2: Alfa Mega]
(I got you Tip)
(I'm finna ride homie)
Fuck niggas might talk loud, act real, but they don't really want this here
Pussy niggas betta act right, lay low, we know where ya family live
Trust me you don't want me up in ya crib with a ski mask on duck tapin' ya kids
You can pray all you want but I don't forgive
Ya shoulda been doin' that before ya did whatcha did
I ain't gotta spell it out pimp you know what it is
I'll rest you case for ya real man you know what it is
Plus I got a hundred goons with me, dressed in black
Fifty at the front door, fifty at the back
Half got K's, half got Macs
Bring 'em out, bring em out, show me where he at
We can do him right here, we could catch him in trap
Run up on his 'lac put a hole in his hat
With his brain on the dash, and his thoughts in his lap
And dump 50 more on him and tell him to hold that
Lights out, no hasta mañana, hasta la vista, sayonara
Y tú no tomorrow, no remorse and no sorrow
And the next one a y'all niggas try me like that
I swear to God man I'm really gon' snap

[Hook: T.I.]

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Right now I'mma give you somethin' that a make a nigga beg "Please"
When a bullet wiz by, he'll probably feel a little breeze
Drop to ya knees, see the big barrel of the chrome
Fifth triple grip handles in the squeeze
I keep a couple of those for the niggas who talk shit
When I go to Jacob and cop that ring
If you try to see me I'mma cock that thang
And I'mma pop that thang, and the shots gon' sting (really?)
The nigga ride inside the truck with me (and) for the most part the nigga stuck with me
And tell you somethin' if you really were smart and you knew
Better people probably tell ya don't fuck with me
Front if want motherfucka you can catch it
Smile on my face even though I got a ratchet
Pop off (police) pull me over believe I got a compartment if I gotta stash it
Must I just remind y'all niggas when I come through
Know that I'mma find y'all niggas, take two (break through)
Bust so many shots gun powder probably blind y'all niggas now (Okay, okay let's go)
See you don't know really wanna feel that Mossberg blow (naw)
Clap up a nigga then I cap up a nigga
When I finish it'll turn into an absurd show (listen)
Then you better observe yo
Feel the sizzle from the bullet of the Glock burn slow (ssss)
Shit'll probably twist you up just a little and have your body leanin' lookin' like a quarter past four
Stay down betta (lay down)
Checkin' for a nigga, come and put your body in the dirt
I don't play bitch, you really need to go the other way
If you ain't know I got it under my shirt

[Hook: T.I.]

[Verse 1: Kid Cudi]
Yeah, the crazy, the wizard
So much whiskey all in my liver
I really like the punch it delivers
Makes me warm while I high-five sinners
All alone, trying to hide from the shadows
Ain't no use, it seems everywhere, they follow
They know where I be at
Infect my mind, tryna get me

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige & Kid Cudi]
These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders
My pride, it won't let me fall victim no more (no more)
These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders
My pride, it won't let me fall victim no more (no more)

[Bridge: Kid Cudi]
Life is like that
Beat me up, and I'll fight right back
Poof, poof, be gone
I see the devil linger on
Yeah, stuck in my hell
Lied to my mom, and I ain't doing so well
Lord, let me in
I feel like He's my only friend

[Verse 2: Kid Cudi]
Yeah, the rager, the menace
Hate me now, then hate me when I'm winning
Work so hard to not go insane
It's a full-time job to not lose my faith
Okay, I've been here before
Alone for the umpteenth time or more
I'm tired of motherfuckers saying that they worried 'bout me
When, in fact, they probably never gave a fuck about me

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige & Kid Cudi]
These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders
My pride, it won't let me fall victim no more
These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders
My pride, it won't let me fall victim no more

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
Yeah, life is like that
Beat me up, and I'm fighting right back
Poof-poof, be gone
I see the devil linger on
Yeah, I wanna win
As long as I can do the work within
Lord, let me in
I feel like You're my only friend

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige & Kid Cudi]
These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders
My pride, it won't let me fall victim no more
These worries are heavy, they rest on my shoulders
My pride, it won't let me fall victim no more

[Outro: Kid Cudi]
Yeah, the rager, the menace

[Intro]
Yes

[Verse 1: Drake]
I'm on that old, switch lanes shit, Jay, Big, Dame's shit
Talking 'bout them niggas that my daddy pitch cane wit
Because I never learned the biz, I learned the language
Well-spoken, man I should've went to Cambridge
And mama would always claim this
I never expected the outcome, but one day I became this
Famous, no longer nameless
More game, but I'm the same, I will remain this
I'm still focused, I stay grounded
You see I ran with a style when they clowned it
So read 48 Laws if you never read it
Because that is one of the main reasons I'm level-headed
Despite the accumulated success
If my attitude ever strayed, I made it regress
I never wanted to win the lottery only because my uncle
Told me "He who made it by struggling made it the best"
So with that on my chest, I'm down on my last 12 gs
Going through the closet thinking I should prolly sell these
Chanel Cs, and LVs, somebody stop before I really start to rebel please
I spend it all, who needs anymore?
Whose satisfied doin' good deeds anymore?
Who grieves anymore, who believes anymore?
Who graduated school and still reads anymore?
Not me, that should have my whole race shook
Because we don't read novels but we do FaceBook
The new craze is havin' that new age look
If I said I liked it, I'd feel like a two-faced crook
Nah, I tell retro kids tie that bandana just a little bit tighter
'Til it suffocates you, biter
Cause I don't wear no bright colors or rope chains
I'm a G, my daddy was in the dope game

[Verse 1]
Hi, I'm 17, and my name is Bobby James
Every day in school, all my classmates call me names
And so this pusher introduced me to this thing
He said it makes you forget pain, but makes you sing

I got pushed at home, at school, I was a wuss
Now my life's a domino that pushers push
'Cause I tried it once, but I tried it again
Ran away, two weeks later, I seen my friend
And I said

[Hook]
Hey there, mister, give me some cash
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast
I'm just one hit away from being passed out
Young and assed out
Hey there, mister, give me some cash
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast
I'm just one hit away from being passed out
Young and assed out

[Verse 2]
Man, this would be cute if this were just a dream
A lesson for you to learn, except you'd learn through me
You know, like in the movies, when it ends with a scream
Well, fuckface, I got news: this is real and I did things
Traveling from Virginia to Cali broke
Hitchhike and rides me in my calico
Shoplift for food when it was desired
I miss my family, miss my friends
I'm so high and so tired

[Hook]
Hey there, mister, give me some cash
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast
I'm just one hit away from being passed out
Young and assed out

Hey there, mister, give me some cash
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast
I'm just one hit away from being passed out
Young and assed out

Hey there, mister, give me some cash (Hey there)
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast (Could you help me please?)
I'm just one hit away from being passed out (Could you spare some change for the world?)
Young and assed out (For the world to see?)
Hey there, mister, give me some cash (Hey there)
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast (Could you help me please?)
I'm just one hit away from being passed out (Could you spare some change for the world?)
Young and assed out (For the world to see?)

Hey there, mister, give me some cash
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast
I'm just one hit away from being passed out
Young and assed out

Hey there, mister, give me some cash
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast
I'm just one hit away from being passed out
Young and assed out (And assed out...)

Young and assed out

Hey there, mister, give me some cash
I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast
I'm just one hit away from being passed out
Young and assed out

Hey there
Could you help me please?
Could you spare some change for the world
For the world to see?
Hey there
Could you help me please?
Could you spare some change for the world
For the world to see?...

[Intro: Kanye West & Talib Kweli]
Shh (Chill out)
Yeah, yeah, uh-uh-uh-uh
Wack niggas
Wack niggas (Yeah)
Wack niggas (Yeah, come on) (Turn it up)
Wack niggas (Yeah, turn it up)
Yo, yo, yo-yo (Turn up the volume)
Yo, yo, yo, yo-yo
Double man, Kanye, you know we from the Chi
Kweli and K-MC, we in the bricks right now recordin'
Let's do it, come on (Yo)

[Verse 1: Kanye West & Talib Kweli]
I wish all wack niggas'd get out the game (Come on)
You can't con me, that’s half my name (That's right)
And if you had any brains you wouldn't wanna lose half your brain
By hating on players in the game
Wack nigga, the beat go, “Duh-duh-da”
And then your flow go way the fuck off
I kill y'all niggas on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips
But I'm not trying to cause commotion
And have my niggas bring all the toast in
I just want your girl to rub my balls with lotion
'Cause you got madder, ripped down all my posters
But you came at me like, "Yo, I got the Kia with the woodgrain"
Yeah, you would, lame (Wack niggas)
"On the real, in the streets, I got the good name, I got the TV"
Yeah, that’s good, man

[Verse 2: Talib Kweli]
It's time to change up, my lyrics rip your frame up
Asking if I'm nice, like fucking with a chick that don't give head
That's a no-brainer
Niggas pack bangers y'all don't even know the names of
I’m about to meet the quota, you about to meet the savior
You wack nigga, you about to get shot
Fuck with Talib Kweli, that's how you get got
Word, not that I'm wilding or even promoting violence
It's just you fucking up my high, can't a nigga smoke in silence?
You wack niggas

[Chorus: Kanye West & Talib Kweli]
Wake up in the morning, dawg, you just a wack niggas
I'd kill myself if I was that wack niggas
Everything you wear and rock is just wack niggas
Even if you flossing rocks, you just wack niggas
You can't do it, dawg, you's a wack niggas
Biting ass, bitch ass, trick ass wack niggas
Even your daughter says, "My Daddy's a–" wack niggas
You wack nigga!

[Bridge: Kanye West]
(In the beginning) Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
Black Benz, white truck and one two-seater
Wack niggas hold hands and follow the procedure
'Cause I got enough tools that one gon' leave you
If I drop enough dudes, man, one gon' reach you
If they build enough schools, man, one gon' teach you
Kanye the shit, but I ain't trying to be feces-tious

[Instrumental Break]

[Bridge: Kanye West]
(In the beginning) Niggas forcing me to keep the heat up
Black strap, white handle, I got jungle fever
Black Benz, white truck and one two-seater
Wack niggas hold hands and follow the procedure
'Cause I got enough tools that one gon' leave you
If I drop enough dudes, man, one gon' reach you
If they build enough schools, man, one gon' teach you
Kanye the shit, but I ain't trying to be feces-tious

[Chorus: Kanye West & Talib Kweli]
Wake up in the morning and dawg, you just a wack niggas
I’d kill myself if I was that wack niggas
Everything you wear and rock is just wack niggas
Even if you flossing rocks, you just wack niggas
Gotta name drop to get a girl naked wack niggas
Plus your ass can't sell one record wack niggas
Even your daughter says, "My Daddy's a–" wack niggas
"My Daddy's a wack nigga"

[Chorus]
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know

[Verse 1]
I spent my last eight checkseses on a neck-e-lace
So I better get some sex for this, shit
She wanna sip up on the Crissy Cris
Like it's Christ-e-mas and I'm St. Nicholas
I got her and her sister in that white Benz, dyke twins
I ain't gon' lie, they only fives but together they ten
And would I do 'em again? Hmmm, hmmm
It's like old folks pissin' 'cause it all depends
And it's no coke sniffin', just juice and gin
Grey Goose to get you loose then hit the nigga producin'
The track that got you movin', this track got you movin'
So crazy you don't know what you doin'
You been telling them jokes, and it's not a rumor
I like a girl with a sense of humor
To give me head 'til it ache and it's not a tumor
So let me know what's goin down 'fore I pay for this room 'cause

[Chorus]
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know

[Verse 2]
Now if you got it, you got it
And if you don't then you probably won't
Sissy nigga call 'em maricon
I never hit a lady but my game might abuse 'em
Buy 'em boots just to tell 'em that I Jimmy Choose 'em
Take 'em back to confuse 'em
So she don't know if she comin' or goin'
'Cause mami, after I'm cummin', I'm goin'
Back to the show, just frontin' and flowin'
Jewelry stuntin' and glowin', this life is somethin', I know it
And I been known to have a ho or two
'Cause my diamonds yellow like a smoker tooth
I tell 'em step into the vocal booth
Roll a joint, smoke a few, after that I'm pokin' you
After that, it's over, boo, baby, grab your coat and voom

[Chorus]
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know

[Verse 3]
Now there's three different levels to relationships
Pollyin' at the club with 'em, talkin', gettin' affectionate
Leavin' and havin' sex with 'em, kickin' 'em out
Trickin' on models, dimes and rats
Now I don't get into that, I kick that habit
I just keep 'em impressed, let 'em seat in the Lex
Never eat 'em unless that fuckin' cat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin'
I got a nine in my pants and baby, I'm just dyin' for a chance
Who ready to fuck? You ready to fuck off the sizzurp?
Says she ready to cut, then she grabs my scissors
She probably look good, but what's scary to me
Henny make hoes look like Halle Berry to me

[Chorus]
I need to know, you down to do whatever?
Down to get it poppin'? Down to get topless? Ohh
I need to know if you about cuttin'
Or you about frontin', baby, I need to know

[Chorus: John Legend]
We can't even sit and talk without you arguing
You're the one who started it

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I got a girl at home, but she don't cook
I have my condoms in the stove 'cause she won't look
And she never ever go to the grocery store
So I figure it's safe to pull a grocery ho
She was buyin' Alizé out the liquor aisle
She said, "I hope it's not too ghetto"
Rocked all gold, force back in style
I kept her number on file for my girl be actin' wild
Like last week, I told her
"Take me to the mall", but she don't drive
My other girl picked me up at 3:05
She got a brand new car, sixteen
Now the car only one years old, oh
Man, but the body look grown, whoa
Before I catch a case, I better take my ass home
Where the problems is, arguments be daily like Carson is
But the problem is

[Chorus: John Legend]
We can't even sit and talk no more without you arguing
Girl, you must be out of your mind, no, no, no
You're the one who started it
And I'm sick and tired of you lying

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Hold up, wait a second, man
That's that thrift store info, that's all second-hand
Why don't you talk to the mouth of the horses 'bout my Porsches?
Condos in front of the golf courses
Instead you stay up and count every second like a fake Roley
I'm real, so you know I move real slowly
The way the censorship should go off, you know me
I ain't call you, you wanna know why?
I'm in Noha, Honaloha, pushin' jet skis
So I couldn't return the pages on my Motorola
Nextel, my cell, it don't work down there
What happened in Cancun stayed down there
What's happenin' here made me wish I stayed down there
Take a seat, why you always makin' a beef?
You know these walls too thin in this apart-a-ment
Now everybody hearin' our arguments
But the problem is

[Chorus: John Legend]
We can't even sit and talk no more without you arguing
Girl, you must be out of your mind, no, no, no
You're the one who started it
And I'm sick and tired of you lying

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Man, boo, you know what I do
So don't trip when I come home after two
Or three or four, I ain't messin' with them girls no more
It's weak, the Benz coupe is so sweet
When I roll down the street, tears roll down her cheek
She said, "You must love that car more than me
And nigga, I was with you before the cheese
So you need to work on your pri-or-ities"
If she went with Fabolous, I bet that she would be
A-R-G-U-I-N-G and please
I'm not actin' like this 'cause I'm getting spins on
W-K-R-P in Cincinnati
You think I'd get my voice so deep like
W-K-R-P in Cincinnati
That's how much of a fuck I give
You seen Cribs? That's how the fuck I live
As far as this?

[Chorus: John Legend]
We can't even sit and talk no more without you arguing
Girl, you must be out of your mind, no, no, no
You're the one who started it
And I'm sick and tired of you lying
We can't even sit and talk no more without you arguing
Girl, you must be out of your mind
You're the one who started it

[Intro]
Yo, this sound like some movie shit, right?
Get your popcorn, get your condiments
You don't wanna miss nothing, okay, listen

[Verse 1]
They call me Edward Scissorhands 'cause I'm trying to cut
She claim she got cramps, I'm gon' get you to suck
And you not gon' use your teeth, you hear?
You gon' find out What Lies Beneath right here
The Preacher's Wife don't give head, get a divorce, man
The Kids been calling you the headless horseman
Like Sleepy Hollow, see she swallow
Suck like ol' girl, got booed at Apollo 13, Ghosts
Use my Hollow Man for Friday 13th
You be Ghost, Backdraft from the toast
Niggas who drop names is oh so shameless
Get a chain that's stainless, they Almost Famous
My bling got 'em calling me Lord of the Rings
The Shining make it hard for her to Do The Right Thing
But I Don't Say a Word, I'll never tell
Until you get a Kanye beat, you'll never sell

[Refrain]
And I'm living a movie, not living by rules
It's just a movie, don't lose your cool
One, two, Ye coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, never sleep again

[Verse 2]
Shit's deeper than the Sleepers
The Jeeper Creep up on your block and cops Clock-us
Try to Baller Block-us, use Absolute Power
You gave him 9½ Weeks, why you trying to Rush Hours, huh?
And in The Cell don't drop soap in the showers, huh
They try to give me Life, I'm out in an hour, huh
Back on the block with more Juice than Pac
Making mo' money 'cause of The-The-The-The Roc

[Refrain]
And I'm living a movie, not living by rules
Yo, what you talking about, man?
One, two, Ye coming for you
Three, four, better lock your door
Five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, never sleep again

[Outro]
I said some shit like, umm
If you in my things, you Suicide Kings
There's only Three Kings, Me, Myself and Irene
You know what I'm saying?

[Intro]
Money, money, money
Get a dolla and a dick
Weezy baby dat crack
Mother fucker get a fix
Got money out the ass
No homo
But im rich
Boutta …

Money, money, money
Get a dollar and a dick
Weezy baby dat crack
Mother fucker get a fix
Got money out the ass
No homo
But im rich
Boutta …

[Verse]
Money money money get a dollar and a dick
Weezy Baby that crack, muthafucka get a fix
Got money out the ass, no homo but I'm rich
Bout to go get surgery and put some diamonds on my wrist YES
Yep, I'm a muthafucking trip
I'mma trip to Japan and buy some brand new shit
900 to a grand get chu 28 grams
If you talking 'bout bricks, I'm the interstate man
And the women say damn, them niggas don't say a damn thing
Boy I bet that shotty make you bounce like a bed spring
Walkin a thin line, gotta defend mine
And wit no pen I'm sorta like a bomb BOOM
Young Tunechi that's what my people call me
Fifty thousand for the cross, trying keep the reaper off me
I drink alotta syrup Bitches say im sleep walkin
Big money for the grill, so I'm never cheap talking, yea
Keep talking and the flame leap off the hip
And keep sparking, pap pap sleep softly
Yea, nap nap, nap sack, three forties
Like fuck another nigga, nigga just don't be da target
Young New Orleans nigga, nigga just don't be retarded
We done lost everything and you looking like a bargain
Purple weed, purple drink, purple heart sergeant
I'm the best rapper in the game no arguing
And I don't ever write, pause
Un-pause this, so keep ya bitch ass lines inside the margin
Lil Wayne dot com bitch log in
Put a pillow under ya knees
And keep ya jaws in
All in ya girl mouth, use her like a toilet
They usually want a baller and the young nigga balling
Mike Jordan, pardon my swaggy
But my father rich as fuck All my brothers left the family
We said fuck it, Bought 2 houses in miami
I can't wait to do cribs, MTV c'mon get at me
Any rapper wanna get at me
Tell ya label contact me
Hundred for a feature
Wanna battle ill beat cha
I'm a beast, I'm a creature, I'm the son of miss cita
Mom dukes, my jeter, she the reason, she the reason
Everybody woman wanna beat a boy diva, not even
There's a 305 diamond I wanted ever since I seen her
Got a topic of this evening, hotter than a tub steaming
Gotcha girlfriend dreaming of one day being Trina
Nada, Sim seemer, Ten keys in the Beamer
Got a white girl driving, couldn't do it much cleaner
I'm fly in the sky like that muthafuckin ribbon
Bitches got my name on em, and the nigga still living
Spend a condo and a club, one bottle won't do
Two bottles won't do, bottles for the whole crew, thanks
And bring me that Patrone, I don't play
No ice I like my drink straight, not gay
And bitch that bank come everyday, I'm paid
I wish a nigga come invade, get sprayed
I stomp a nigga out like I got ten legs
Then they fish the nigga up out the lake in ten days
Behave, no ho, I'm on that Rage Rov
Cash Money, Young Money, ho that money age old
And can't a cage hold this animal from Hollygrove
Sorry mommy I be stoned, I be, I be, I be blowed
Got me copy rock star, Weezy Baby fuck these hoes
Gotta pay me now for me to even take these hoes
Price sizing for a show and the flow
So either Drama is my nigga, or that boy got doe
Go figure that's my nigga, that's my nigga, my nerve
If anybody else want it, sixty thousand a verse

[Hook: Notorious B.I.G. sample]
"I grew up a fucking screw-up
Got introduced to the game, to the game then fucking blew up"

[Intro: Ludacris speaking over B.I.G. sample repeated]
Yeah! Dedicated to all my hustlers that's a product of they environment
Whether getting money legally or ILLEGALLY
We gotta do what we gotta do to survive man!
Yeah! Grew up a screw up baby
Got introduced to the game, I ain't took a breath yet
Let's go!

[Ludacris]
Ever since I was an embryo, waiting to shape up and ship out
Something in my brain said, "Wake up and kick out!"
Roberta and Wayne stayed up and flipped out
Cause when I came I was draped up and dripped out
Snip the umbilical, spit the government chip out
Peace up, A-Town down and then I dipped out
And oh my gosh, the Osh Kosh was picked out
I slipped in, even my baby stroller was tricked out
Somebody get him, the little nigga's out of control
Put a little bit of rum in my bottle I'll dream about diamonds and gold
Gold gold, to grow from an infant to toddler was effervescent
The essence of adolescence got my body feeling freshen
Freshing freshing, and it was a blessing to rhyme and start rapping
I was the best in my section with flows hard than erections
Still the best but now I'm grown with more range than a Texan
And I'm a heavyweight you niggas is lighter than my complexion

[Hook]

[Young Jeezy over the Hook]
Ayyyy
Y'all already know what it is
I'mma tell you nigga
C.T., know what it is, 'bout 17-5

[Young Jeezy]
Homey fronted me a zip, shit I made it a bird
That's seventeen and a half, all I need is the word
Say the, ice is cool but them pots is hot
You better cook slow but that money come fast
I got what you need I hope you brought all the cash
You know the kid pimping all over the world
A hundred carats got me all over your girl
YEAH, five bricks and my Gucci duffle bag
A corporate thug, I run with a Playaz Circle
I got a Field Mob that'll Disturb your Peace
Blowing Sean Jay, all we do is smoke
Finish counting my bread and I was getting some head
What's up?

[Hook]

[Ludacris]
I'mma be all the way real with this, look
When I came into the game they ain't do nothing but doubt me
Now the whole game's changed and it ain't nothing without me
Picking up my sloppy seconds as they reach for the crown
Only reason you on that song is cause I turned that down
I went from Hot Wheels to big wheels, Hyundais to Bentleys
And five course meals, no more Popeye's and Blimpie's
From alright to handsome, from one room to mansions
From hanging on the block to throwing parties in the Hamptons
From, broke as a joke to rich as a bitch, I bought a
Plane and a boat and six other whips, no MARTA
From dice on the curb to stacking up chips, but harder
From birds on my nerves to chicks on my DICK! Guard your
Women dawg I went from ashy to classy
Went from a, kiss on the cheek to doing the nasty
Reach your hand up in the air and you can play with the stars
It's not the hand that you're dealt but how you're playing your cards
Boy!

[Hook]

[Intro]
Nobody ever really loved loved loved loved
Me me me me me me me me…

[Verse 1]
She say she gotta do her nails and condition her hair
Find a pair of shoes and a fittin’ brasier
Slick shorty describe her description it’s fair
But say no other chick in this world can compare
And no other nigga got permission to stare
I say I never listen
Never mention I care
When they gone I never miss em
Never diss em a tear
Cause other women to fill that position is there
It’s the same game just a different affair
Different dame, different name, different distance from here
She say well things gon change
Now her mission is clear
Let her get off the phone and get off to homes
She knock on the door
It's business from there
Start strippin' her gear and switchin’ her rear
I'm not flinchin'
Cartier on my vision impaired
And enough ice
To condition the air
Now the boy got game and the girl got hurt
The boy got brains and the girl got worth
Cause the boy got fame
Do whatever he say
Now the boy get paged like every other day

[Refrain]
Nobody ever really loved me
It's just the birds and the bees
The her's and the he's
The his the ma’ams
The sirs and the she's
C’mon, c’mon
And u know this man
And if somebody ever loved me

[Verse 2]
She say she gotta get him dressed and hit him with rules
Feed ‘em breakfast and send ‘em to school
She say she need a rest her mind she finna lose
I tell her recline ke’ and just keep cool
She sick to her area her she fixin' to move
In physical fitness her own business
Can I get a witness, this chick is a jewel
And she tired of the things that I’m sendin’ her through
She say when I’m gon see you
And don’t say whenever, you
Know I won't leave you
But won't wait forever and
Got my own paper
And don’t take your cheddar
And no I'm not finished
I won't take the check
And I say chill you my winner from the door so
Step for set and dinner and a show
She say I be wearin' blue in the worst way
Don’t wear your chain, just the watch I bought for your birthday
Boy on the town and older woman down cause
Boy make her laugh when older woman sad
And older woman freak and he hold her ‘til she sleep
And he gotta send her flowers like every other week

[Refrain]

[Verse 3]
She say she get off work at a quarter to nine
So don’t be late stop ignoring the time
Unless you got something more important in mind
Like wildin' wit them whores I’m filin' for divorce
I’ll see yo ass in court just send me child support she
Wanna get married and child wanna carry
My child, her smile, my ears in her belly
She even got Fias-wife typed in her cellie
She been there from the start she there from the heart
From the walk, to the bike, to the bus, to the cars
The flights and the kites the lonely lonely nights
From please leave on the lights when she was scared of the dark
And she got the pin if I ever hit the pen
I gotcha baby say I’ve got her crazy
Ever since that party at the Rex
I locked down her heart in cardiac arrest
Now the boy got a wifey and the wifey wanna ring
Cause she wanna be his wife
But the boy had it right
That you just ain’t ready
It's too early in your life
But whatever the weather that boy will have her ever

[Refrain]

[Verse 1]
I was about as uncool as a niece's mother's biggest brother
But now it's all butter
Now I'm bout as uncool as some cover to a pool from a puddle
Like a monsoon but subtler
Slowly pull up my pants
A sagger to a flooder
Now you need a submarine the way I'm cuffin' my jeans
Like I'm arrestin' my dress code
The dress clothes and the dress toes
So let's roll
Ghetto Lambda Lambda's how I address those
Niggas might peep and think geek
But you need that when you knee-deep goin' on waist-high
Get up to your neck just like a great tie
I finally got the Windsor
Like on my eighth try
Your shirt's still soakin' wet
Your slacks ain't dry
And I have yet to even fall from the sky
I'm hotter than red with a head full of lye
Better run and get Spike, tell him I'm on fire

[Verse 2]
Hell, I don't wanna see you like a male stripper
As you picture yourself lookin' at pictures of male strippers
That's how that I don't wanna go to hell nigga
Wish you well like a wishin' well wisher wish itself
It fell at first so now I sail with you
If it happen to sink
I pitch in with pails
And pitchers, bucket, and cup it back to the river
Then cover the leak with Garbage Pail Kid stickers
{dynamite} and first aid the way your saviors
Now your flow look like my bedroom door when I was four
No rockin that boat, or you be swimmin', fo sho
Oh, I stay ship-shape all aboard
That's just how I roll
When I try and keep the run afloat
Hating's a disease
And it's deadly if you catch it
Crabs in the bucket
Always tryna pull me backwards
Position rarely change so they don't really matter
If not the same then similar like Asher and Mathers

[Verse 3]
Bully or I bogard
Bodacious so I'm Humphrey
I used to rubber band but now I got a bungee
If you let me expand
That refers to the money
Gucci's all good
Chanel is all chummy
And that ain't even for me
My honey and my mommy
I'd rather be bummy, nappy on top
Cipriani in my tummy
The fade is for the fans
Not even for my fans
It's more for like the brand
Whether you hear the words or just a show of hands
The sign language lady who be translatin' my jams
You really like the beats or you barely understand
Why I throw my set up wherever I am
Man, it's cause I love my town
My mind was a sponge, but now it's Sham-Wow
I never throw in the towel so just wipe me down
But don't you get too close
They might have to put you out

[Intro: André 3000]
My name is Cupid Valentino, the modern day Cupid
And I just want to say one thing

[Verse 1: André 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day (Every day the 14th)
I don't think y'all heard me
I just wanna say Happy Valentine's Day (Every day the 14th)
Can y'all dig that?
Now when arrows don't penetrate, see (Cupid grabs the pistol)
Uh, yeah, now, now lookie here
He shoots straight for your heart, now, and he won't miss you
But that's alright, y'all won't believe in me anyway, but

[Chorus: Joi and Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Ya won't believe in me
But you would fancy leprechauns or groundhogs
No, thank you, Easter Bunny
There's all this talk about Santa Claus, but see
Love will rule supreme

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day (Every day the 14th)
You got it, when Cupid knocks at your door (You can't ignore me)
There's no need to run
So, Happy Valentine's Day, hey (Every day the 14th)
Now I may have it all wrong, see
If you know what love means, well
Well, somebody tell me
'Cause they just don't believe in me

[Chorus: Joi, Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Ya won't believe in me
But you would fancy leprechauns or groundhogs
No, thank you, Easter Bunny
There's so much fuss about Santa Claus, but see
Cupid will not be defeated

[Verse 3: André 3000]
Happy Valentine's Day, every day the 14th
Now, I know your hearts have grown cold
And that bothers me
Now, I understand, 'cause I used to be a bad boy in my day
I know you tryin' to protect your lil' feelings
But you can't run away
Ho-oh

[Chorus: Joi, Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Ya won't believe in me
But you would fancy
Hey, don't you supposed to be
Some kind of player, or something?
Bunny

[Post-Chorus: André 3000]
Well, keep on running, player
'Cause I got my good shoes on
And I got 'em tied up tight
So you gon' find out tonight

[Verse 4: André 3000]
Got a sweet lil' darlin' back in my corner
Below, I know I love her, but act like I don't want her
Surrounded by the lovely, but yet, feel like a loner
Could be an organ donor the way I give up my heart
But never know because, shit, I never tell her
Ask me how I'm feeling, I'd holla that it's irrele–
I don't get myself caught up in the Jello jella
And pudding pops, that others opt to call falling in love
But for the record, have you ever rode a horse?
Like for you to send me to Pluto, I said, "Of course!"
But if you ain't a sweety, indeedy, I won't endorse
Han Solo 'til I'm hit by the bullet, so may the force
Be with you and I'll hit you when better time permits
For now, show me samples, examples why you're the shit
But how am I to know with the profession that I'm in?
And if you do not know me then how could you be my friend?

[Outro: Joi, Screechy Peach & André 3000]
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day (Happy Valentine's Day)
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day (Happy Valentine's Day)
Happy Valentine's, Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day (Happy Valentine's Day)
Happy Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day (Fuck that Valentine's Day)
Fuck that Valentine's, fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day

[Intro - T.I. - talking] (Keri Hilson)
Hey, shorty I know you be hearin this and that from here and there but
Please trust and believe that I'm
I see you gonna ride for me, so I'm a die for you
Is you with me? (I got your back boy)
Well let's get it

[Hook - Keri Hilson] (T.I.)
When you're high (for when it's all good), when you're low (to when it's all bad)
Well I promise I will never let you go (now what you call that?)
Said I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (I know you got my back, right?)
Keep my swagger, keep it lookin good for ya (yeah)
Keep it lookin hood for ya (yeah)
Shorty if you don't know (yeah, yeah, yeah, say)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy
(Fuck the world long as you got my back, right?)

[Verse 1 - T.I.]
Hey it's whatever shorty, you ain't gotta ask
Yes, Valentino blouses, summer houses, cash, check
You can get it, you deserve it, flawless diamonds, Louis purses
My mission's to purchase Earth for her, present the gift without the curse
Her pleasure is my purpose, pleasure to be at your service
We front row at fashion shows, as well as Sunday morning service
For better days or for worse, if I'm paid or I'm hurtin
In my pocket, she still got a nigga back, know that's for sure
No matter what may occur in life, everyday with her is like, a plus
I'm a love her 'til she be like "that's enough"
Pop a bottle, get a couple wine glasses, fill 'em up and lift 'em up
Let us toast to the future, here's to us
No, here's to her

[Break - Keri Hilson]
They wonder how we do what we do
Panamera Porsches, me and you
Stuck to your side li-li-like glue
Be by your side whatever you goin' through

[Hook]
When you're high (for when it's all good), when you're low (to when it's all bad)
Well I promise I will never let you go (now what you call that?)
Said I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (I know you got my back, right?)
Keep my swagger, keep it lookin good for ya (yeah)
Keep it lookin hood for ya (yeah)
Shorty if you don't know (yeah, yeah, yeah, say)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy
(Fuck the world long as you got my back, right?)

[Verse 2 - T.I.] (Keri Hilson)
Hey, this is for the women who, man caught a sentence
Who gon' be there for a minute but they didn't keep they distance
They stayed home, waitin on the phone and on visit day
Show up looking good, smelling better, playin kissy face (yeah, yeah)
Just wanna let you that we appreciate (and I appreciate you, baby)
Everything you do for us on a day to day 

[day to day]
And I know we don't show you all the time but we lucky that you ours
No bouquet of flowers
Could ever show how much we know we need you
We do, all that's in our power just to please you
See boo, fuck them girls, I would leave the World 'fore I leave you
May God say "even Eve and Adam ain't got shit on these two"

[Break]
They wonder how we do what we do
Panamera Porsches, me and you
Stuck to your side li-li-like glue
Be by your side whatever you goin' through

[Hook]
When you're high (for when it's all good), when you're low (to when it's all bad)
Well I promise I will never let you go (now what you call that?)
Said I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (I know you got my back, right?)
Keep my swagger, keep it lookin good for ya (yeah)
Keep it lookin hood for ya (yeah)
Shorty if you don't know (yeah, yeah, yeah, say)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy
(Fuck the world long as you got my back, right?)

[Verse 3 - T.I.]
Sure enough, even though them chicks be hatin on us
Still I'm gonna keep her by my side, through whatever situation we gon' ride
Make all my fantasies come alive, that's no lie now
I'll be, alright just as long as you beside me
Ten million dollar mansions won't suffice
If you ain't gon' be in there with me at night
The pieces to the puzzles in my life
Through all of my good days and all of my bad
You stood by your man and you know you got my back
Worth every car, every bag, with me they wanna be that
I know what I got at home, I ain't gon' never leave that
Them bitches best believe that

[Hook]
When you're high (for when it's all good), when you're low (to when it's all bad)
Well I promise I will never let you go (now what you call that?)
Said I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (I know you got my back, right?)
Keep my swagger, keep it lookin good for ya (yeah)
Keep it lookin hood for ya (yeah)
Shorty if you don't know (yeah, yeah, yeah, say)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy (you got my back, right?)
I got, I got, I got, I got your back boy
(Fuck the world long as you got my back, right?)

[Hook: Eminem + (T.I.)]
When we touch down, (in the Midwest we okay
E'rybody know them southern boys love that bass)
Atlanta go bananas, Alabama, 'weesiana
Mississippi, Ten-a-keys, every muh'fuckin' state
When we touch down
(Go right from the plane to the Range)
When we touch down
(On a private plane, gettin' brains, 'til we)
Touch down, there ain't no way to keep 'em quiet
With T.I. and Shady, baby
We 'bout to incite a riot when we touch down

[Verse 1: T.I.]
When we get in town, you know how we gettin' down
Pull up clean, then we hop on out
Snatch all the freaks, then walk on out
I'm livin' what they talking 'bout, shinin' if it dark or not
That one hundred E-X-double R
You'll find that in the parkin' lot
You barkin' up the wrong tree, I do this shit for zone three
Four, five and six as well as one, Atlanta I'm forever, son
Still be on whatever coke, ridin' blowin' heavy smoke
Ayy, Em, you better tell them folk, won't hesitate to let 'em go
They know I put that green light on them haters
Keep on tryin' me, I put that beam right on your tater (pow!)
Now you don't wanna see T.I.P. outrageous
Try to keep him in a cage, but somehow he keep escapin'
That's why I be on vacation, Virgin Island I be takin'
Private planes out to Spain, I keep on flyin', I ain't fakin'
The money ain't a thang, think I'm lyin', you're mistaken
You can find long lines of all kinds of bitches waitin'

[Hook: T.I. + (Eminem)]
When we touch down, in the Midwest we okay
E'rybody know them southern boys love that bass
(Atlanta go bananas, Alabama, 'weesiana
Mississippi, Ten-a-keys, every muh'fuckin' state
When we touch down)
Go right from the plane to the Range
(When we touch down)
On a private plane, gettin' brains, 'til we
(Touch down, there ain't no way to keep 'em quiet
With T.I. and Shady, baby
We 'bout to incite a riot when we touch down)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Welcome to the Midwest, yes, where them Detroit playas ball
Like you have no idea, the boy is here
Got the whole place looking like it's candy painted
Ain't it like we left the kids at home
And just let 'em loose with the crayons?
Fuck, I just hit a jogger, people lookin' like Frogger
They hoppin' out of the way
Whenever they see Marshall's car comin'
The kids painted my windows with black permanent marker
And let the rest of the car carpet color like swirl pops
And I got the bass thumpin'
But I'm bound to bump into somethin'
Kids are flyin' through the air lookin' like they krumpin'
The way they tumblin', I gotta do somethin'
But as soon as I hit the car wash to get the tar off
They just right back at it tomorrow
They're like, "Dad, this is in, so you're with the trends."
"This is for the pimps
Listening to Mims, nail polish on the rims."
And now it's custom chrome, but I gotta go do a show
So go on with your bad self, just have it back to normal

[Hook: Eminem + (T.I.)]
When I touch down, (in the Midwest we okay
E'rybody know them southern boys love that bass)
Atlanta go bananas, Alabama, 'weesiana
Mississippi, Ten-a-keys, every muh'fuckin' state
When we touch down
(Go right from the plane to the Range)
When we touch down
(On a private plane, gettin' brains, 'til we)
Touch down, there ain't no way to keep 'em quiet
With T.I. and Shady, baby
We 'bout to incite a riot when we touch down

[Verse 3: T.I.]
From my arrival, until my departure
Guarantee I put this d-i-c-k in somebody daughter
Ayy, I still have my way with the ladies way cross the water
Flew to Paris from Haiti, did some shit that I thought of
It's ironic that the shit that we poppin' makes us psychotic
Then treaten corporate America
That's why they runnin' from me
How could they be so ignorant?
Look what hip-hop done brung us!
It's allowed us to run a business, legitimated our moneys
Got us out of the ghettos and relocated our mommies
I made it all the way here, ain't no way you takin' it from me
So excuse me, Oprah, honey, I'm sorry, really I promise
But niggas, bitches and hoes do exist, I'm just bein' honest
For that am I being punished? Why is you so astonished?
Now, I ain't got a degree, just intelligence in abundance
So you ain't gotta like me, I know billions of folks who love me
You can tell how they yellin' and screamin' and waiting for me

[Hook: T.I. + (Eminem)]
When we touch down, in the Midwest we okay
E'rybody know them southern boys love that bass
(Atlanta go bananas, Alabama, 'weesiana
Mississippi, Ten-a-keys, every muh'fuckin' state
When we touch down)
Go right from the plane to the Range
(When we touch down)
On a private plane, gettin' brains, 'til we
(Touch down, there ain't no way to keep 'em quiet
With T.I. and Shady, baby
We 'bout to incite a riot when we touch down)

[Chorus]
Ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)

[Verse 1]
You doin' ho activities with ho tendencies
Hoes are your friends, hoes are your enemies
With ho energy to do what you do
Blew what you blew, screw what you screw
Y'all professional like DJ Clue, pullin' on my coat tail
And why do you think you take a ho to a hotel?
Ho tell everybody, even the mayor
Reach up in the sky for the ho-zone layer
Come on playa once a ho always
And hoes never close they open like hallways
And here's a ho cake for you whole ho crew
And everybody wants some 'cause hoes gotta eat too

[Chorus]
Ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)

[Verse 2]
Can't turn a ho into a housewife, hoes don't act right
There's hoes on a mission, and there's hoes on a crackpipe
Hey ho how ya doin', where ya been?
Prolly doin' ho stuff 'cause there you ho again
It's a ho wide world, that we livin' in
Feline, feminine, fantastical women
Not all, just some, you ho who you are
There's hoes in the room, there's hoes in the car
There's hoes on stage, there's hoes by the bar
Hoes by near, and hoes by far
Ho! (But can I get a ride?!) No!
(C'mon nigga, why?!) 'Cause you's a

[Chorus]
Ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)

[Verse 3]
You gotta run in your pantyhose, even your daddy knows
That you suckin' down chocolate like daddy-os
You hoes are horrible, horrendous
On taxes, y'all writin' off hoes as dependents
I see the ho risin', it ain't surprisin'
It's just a hoasis with ugly chicks faces
But hoes don't feel so sad and blue
'Cause most of us niggas is hoes too

[Chorus]
Ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho (Ho!), you's a ho (Ho!)
You's a ho, I said that you's a ho (Ho!)

[Outro: "Ho" & (Ludacris)]
Muthafuckas I'm so tired of y'all niggas always talkin' 'bout ho this, ho that; you the muthafuckin' ho nigga. I wasn't no ho last night
(Ho, bring yo ass!)
Okay, hold on

[Verse 1]
Uh
I forgot to call you on your birthday
You swear you're the last thing on my mind, yeah
There is nothing I can do to fix it
All you ever asked me for was time, whoa

[Pre-Chorus]
When the lights don't glow the same way that they used to
And I finally get a moment to myself
I will realize you were everything I'm missing
And you'll tell me you're in love with someone else

[Chorus]
So can you do me a favor?
If I pull it together, make it sooner than later
We won't be here forever, and I realize I waited too long
But please don't move on

[Post-Chorus]
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else
(You don't need no one, you don't need no one)
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else

[Verse 2]
You just changed your hair and it looks perfect
Wish I was the first to let you know
Every chance I get to make it better
I just find a way to let it go, whoa

[Pre-Chorus]
When the lights don't glow the same way that they used to
And I finally get a moment to myself
I will realize you were everything I'm missing
And you'll tell me you're in love with someone else

[Chorus]
So can you do me a favor?
If I pull it together, make it sooner than later
We won't be here forever and I realize I waited too long
But please don't move on

[Post-Chorus]
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else
(You don't need no one, you don't need no one)
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else

[Verse 3]
The girl or the world? You see, someone gotta lose
I thought that I could have it all, do I really gotta choose?
What good is all the cash if it doesn't buy time?
And what good is being famous if I'm never on your mind?
Night's fallin', lights glowing
And I'm just trying to pay the price owing
And I don't want to feel the comfort from my ice showing
And I ain't tryna be without you at the right moments
Nigga, nice going, is it worth it? That decision
'Cause hearts break and I ain't tryna be in that collision
So I'ma dust my shirt and fix my pants
'Cause I better look good, girl, if this my chance, I swear

[Chorus]
So can you do me a favor?
If I pull it together, make it sooner than later
We won't be here forever and I realize I waited too long
But please don't move on

[Post-Chorus]
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else
You don't need no one else
(You don't need no one, you don't need no one)
You don't need no one else, oh
You don't need no one else

[Intro: Raekwon]
Live in stereo!
Yessir! This what I wanna hear my nigga, yeah
Yeah yeah (These parts bogie)
You don't even know that's the official word up in the town
You heard? (Yeah) hahaha (Who needs trees?)
Get that swing (Yessir!) get it in man (Yeah)
That's the official shit kid, mm-hmm (Fuck that)
Word up, we gon' take it back to the big park and shit
What are you going to rap about?
Yeah, when niggas was rhymin hard and comin crazy
Electrifying and vivid (All that, all that) yo

[Verse: Raekwon]
I'm like a rabbi, fresh new mag and I'm mad high
Stolen black Jag, I brag fly, yeah
Yo, a project thug, political gangster, starving Langston Hughes
The Jews want the crib when the God dies
I'm deadly, metaphors'll dog you
While I'm in the Forbes, first 500 niggas who raw live
Yo B, the nigga Shallah, he low-key
But he O.G., half of his niggas gone or in hidin
Federales'll sneak, police, holdin my old piece
Heard the young policeman died
58 carats of glass, the Aston blueberry black
Where I keep my ices and knives at
One of the force rawest
Yo, we're British aware who get money, shoot dice in his fortress
Mocknecks and stragglers
Eightball jackets the hagglers of the rap game, post up, surprise
I want that spot
Coolin with the Supervillain team, all you other playboys is twats
Niggas be down for the murder game
Run in the church, grab the rifle, put one in a nigga frame
I'm thirsty, hungry like a Somalian
Prol'ly with them niggas with the waves in they dome like tsunami
All we do is get fresh and fuck ma probably
Yo' baby mother gave me head in Barney's while I calmly
And I got giants in armies
While we rock mean colored clothes and don divas
Yeah, Chef back, some call him Louis Smith
Slash Lex Diamond and his chick sell crack
We rep bananas, beat this, legend of Stan Smith
700 dollar jeans, keepin your man distance
Yeah son, gimme your ear son
Yo yo yo, yo yo get the fuck away from the ropes man
Fuckin' chicken, ha ha ha

[Outro]
Doom, the warning signal again, somebody approaches!
What manner of creatures are these? There they are again, FIRE!
A gunshot from inside the house, forces a change of plans
Okay, let's make sure all the windows are covered
A straightforward entry has turned
Into what appears to be a barricaded standoff
POLICE DEPARTMENT! COME TO THE FRONT DOOR!
Anything you say, cracker
As the funky beat continues

[Verse 1]
As I walk through the valley where I harvest my grain
I take a look at my wife and realize she's very plain
But that's just perfect for an Amish like me
You know, I shun fancy things like electricity
At 4:30 in the mornin' I'm milkin' cows
Jebediah feeds the chickens and Jacob plows, fool
And I've been milkin' and plowin' so long that
Even Ezekiel thinks that my mind is gone
I'm a man of the land, I'm into discipline
Got a Bible in my hand and a beard on my chin
But if I finish all of my chores, and you finish thine
Then tonight we're gonna party like it's 1699

[Chorus]
We been spending most our lives
Living in an Amish paradise
I've churned butter once or twice
Living in an Amish paradise
It's hard work and sacrifice
Living in an Amish paradise
We sell quilts at discount price
Living in an Amish paradise

[Verse 2]
A local boy kicked me in the butt last week
I just smiled at him and I turned the other cheek
I really don't care, in fact I wish him well
'Cause I'll be laughing my head off when he's burning in Hell
But I ain't never punched a tourist even if he deserved it
An Amish with a 'tude? You know that's unheard of
I never wear buttons but I got a cool hat
And my homies agree, I really look good in black, fool
If you come to visit, you'll be bored to tears
We haven't even paid the phone bill in 300 years
But we ain't really quaint, so please don't point and stare
We're just technologically impaired

[Bridge]
There's no phone, no lights, no motorcar
Not a single luxury
Like Robinson Crusoe
It's as primitive as can be

[Chorus]
We been spending most our lives
Living in an Amish paradise
We're just plain and simple guys
Living in an Amish paradise
There's no time for sin and vice
Living in an Amish paradise
We don't fight, we all play nice
Living in an Amish paradise

[Verse 3]
Hitchin' up the buggy, churning lots of butter
Raised a barn on Monday, soon I'll raise another
Think you're really righteous? Think you're pure in heart?
Well, I know I'm a million times as humble as thou art
I'm the pious guy the little Amlettes wanna be like
On my knees day and night scoring points for the afterlife
So don't be vain and don't be whiny
Or else, my brother, I might have to get medieval on your heinie

[Chorus]
We been spending most our lives
Living in an Amish paradise
We're all crazy Mennonites
Living in an Amish paradise
There's no cops and traffic lights
Living in an Amish paradise
But you'd probably think it bites
Living in an Amish paradise

[Outro]
(Ooh, ooh, yech!)

[Intro: Sample courtesy of "Scenario" by A Tribe Called Quest & Leaders Of The New School]
As I combine all the juice from the mind
Heel up, wheel up, bring it back, come rewind
RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Busta Rhymes]
The streets been telling me to get on the remix right?!
Heh heh ha ha ha ha ha ha! Let's get it!

[Verse One: Nicki Minaj]
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is lagging
See me in that new thing, bums is gagging
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon
Rah, rah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm starting to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage how these girls be spazzing
So fuck I look like getting back to a has-been?
Yeah I said it, has-been
Hang it up, flat screen
Ha ha... plasma
"Hey Nicki, hey Nicki!" Asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars - sentencing
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that ho - punt!
Forced trauma - blunt
You play the back, bitch I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cutting it
Nicki Minaj, is who you ain't fucking with
You lil' fraggle rock, beat you with a pad lock
I am a movie, camera block
You out of work, I know it's tough
... But enough is enough

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
Rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Busta Rhymes - over Hook]
Aiyyo somebody go get a theromostat and check my temperature
I feel like a got a fever in this muh'fucker!!!!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!!

[Verse Two: Busta Rhymes]
Nicki!!! How you gon' take my hot line and make it a hot song
Like I ain't 'posed to come and step on this shit like King Kong!!!
See as a child I was born with a old soul
See I would breathe heavy flame would shoot out of my nose hole
HAAAAAAAA RRRAAHHHHHH!!! Too much shitty diapers
Love to play with matches and drink all the fluid out of lighters
From when I was a child I know that most of y'all was triddash
I dig in my nose and wipe the biggest BOOGER on your bitch asssssss!!!!
Using your head like fuck what the Lord said
Slightly demented with a permanent wrinkle in my forehead
Boar's Head beef bitch if you want it then peep lane
Murder niggas with the fire then bounce to a Heat game
Tie you up like bikes to a rail in with a little cheap chain
And I'll comfortably hang you from the side of the building
So niggas see your bitch ass is LAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMEEEE!!!!
"Aiyyo what you cut it off for? Don't you see what I'm doin to this?!"
'Posed to know how I'm directing these flicks
The question everywhere is "you getting on the remix?" (DAMN RIGHT!!!)
Cause this is something that I fathered and mastered
And plastered 'til they started calling me sick bastard
I'm drastic when it comes to reminding niggas who's responsible for the classics
And I burn a hole in the street like a nigga was acid
Everytime I jump on the beat see the shit will get drastic
While you getting yo' ass kicked
Like a kick and a punch slap and two chops
Kinda like pong ping baduf baf beat him until he diggity 2Pac
Mi broke mi ting leave a few match
Rope him and then drag him a few blocks (HORRIBLE)
Uh! Uh! Uh! The muscle of the street (MOVE BITCH)
Pardon me UH! Shuffling the beat nigga!!!
UH! Take a elbow, I'm scuffling to eat
Like a nigga that was grinding and was hustling for weeks
So I rushed and rushed, then I blacked
Then I came through and I gave the streets crack
Controlling the functions throughout the steer
EVERYBODY PUT YOUR MOTHERFUCKING HANDS IN THE AIR!!! (That's how I do 'em)
I do the type of shit that niggas can't imagine (Uh Huh!)
You know I'm one of the nicest and I ain't bragging (Uh Huh!)
I make 'em all surrender 'til they see white flags
And they recognize I'm the original dungeon dragon (OK!)
RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon
Change your shitty drawers cause your pants are sagging
Try to step to this and I'll twist you to a turban
And have you smelling rank like some old stale urine
GONE!!!!

[Hook]

[Verse 1]
Bustin, I'm going off
Sting like a bee, float like it's Noah's ark
You know it's hard, flow is sharp
Like I'm blowing darts
Niggas bear with me
These hoes out here looking like some spare kidneys
They give it up, how gracious, ass outrageous
Up in the club you could spot her, a Dalmatian
Said she found God, but to me she found Satan
She only getting hotter
What's good with the Ramada Inn?
Got a game tighter than them jeans her ass hiding in
I got that D baby, ain't talking vitamins
She said: "That's cool nigga
But can you buy the Benz? "
She playin’ niggas like a violin
I hit that ass just a little more violent
She hitting notes, then I'm ghost like it's Shaolin
I'm on the prowl maybe soon I'll throw the towel in
Until that day's found
This is my playground

[Hook]
This is a playground
But if shit got hard, would you stay down
Would you stand up for me, would lay down
Or would you 'scape town on the first Greyhound
Hey now, hey, this is a playground
But if shit got hard, would you stay down
Would you stand up for me, would you lay down
Or would you 'scape town on the first Greyhound
Hey now, hey this is a playground

[Verse 2]
This is a playground, merry-go-round
Like a dream for a nigga
But I swing on a nigga if he push me
I'm makin' moves like the Rutgers
These ain't no monkey bars motherfucker, not a sucker
But these labels throw me deals like the prosecution
Want to underpay me and fuck me like its prostitution
I write that constitution, you know, that classic shit
How you going to own my masters
And you ain't mastered shit?
Give them my ass to kiss, my lawyer laughed at this
Said they was on some bullshit when they drafted this
Like MJ, so I wagged a finger like Dikembe
Until you niggas talking proper paper, no comprende
And now the deals got mills like Wendy's
And got these labels doing bids like inmates
Hoping my pen lays my name down
Until that day's found, this is my playground

[Refrain]

[Verse]
I'd tell him to eat a dick quicker than Mexicans sprint over borders
I give a fuck like a quarter with 20 cent
At Hamptons with Fred Hampton relaxing at Happy Camper
It's the fucking (financial aid) at Hamptons wasn't relaxing, I'm taxing
"Fuck 'em all!"'s what I'm chanting, don't complain, I'm just ranting
Fuck ranking, I'm the best, I'm the champion's chariot
I'm a liar like Carrey in Liar Liar
I'm dirtier than the sheets in the Marriott, cable guy like Larry
Peter Pan in my youth, fucking fairies (Fucking fairies)
I'm using my tooth bait to get that bitch teeth paste
Fuck it, Odd Future some Nazis (Nazis), black Nazis don't copy (Copy)
We perfect, you sloppy (Sloppy), hotter than Saki Takei (Takei)
Fuck a label on my jacket, screw you like a ratchet
Screw you like a black teen on Judge Hatchett (Bitch)
Hang with thrashers and jackers, drug dealers and crackers
AP students and slackers, I'm backwards
Like Jermaine Dupri in '93, escaping from concentration camps
With a fucking girl board and a ramp
That I ordered from CCS with some diamonds that's VVS
Like I went to Sierra Leone in a homecoming dress (Like I went to Sierra Leone in a homecoming dress, bitch)
With some matching pink panties, lipstick from my granny
Sup on my hat like that motherfucker friendly
White red-headed bitch reminded me of Annie
She dino like my state of mind, so yeah she understand me (Yup)
Fuck You Bunch is here, never disrespect my family
That’s for my little brother, sister, cousin and my auntie (Auntie)
Wasted fucking youth? All you old niggas antiques
We go skate, rape sluts and eat donuts from Randy
Bitches like Tia Landry watching Billy and Mandy (Watching Billy and Mandy)
Motherfuckers wanna be Odd but you can't be (Can't be, heh)
Sit the fuck down all you old niggas stand me, faggot (Faggot, ayy)
I guess I got to be a fucking hand-me-down rapper
From Los Ange' area anytime I'm fucking landing
Fuck (Fuck) 2DopeBoyz and NahRight
Shoutout (Shoutout) to Hype Trak, them motherfuckers could never get rid of me
Guess I gotta do a fucking song with Dom Kennedy
Get these fucking hip hop bloggers to start feeling me
Because I'm seventeen, compose my own beats
Lyrically I'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine
Maybe I should buy some Hundreds, wear some fucking skinny jeans
And follow in your footsteps like a motherfucking millipede
Centipede, make songs about Gucci and ciga-weed
Jerk with my freshmen like it's some motherfucking little league
No, I'm not no fucking hipster, mister
No, I'm not no fucking Kid Cudi, all my fucking fans love me
Collaboration hits for fans screaming fuck buddies (Fuck buddies, O-F)
Yo, yo
I'm driving in a stolen truck, and I'm probably fucking drunk
Wasted as fuck, can't walk it out, DJ Unk (Uh!)
My nose is filled with coke and my license is revoked
(Shut the fuck up!) Who the fuck told me not to spoke? (Me)
Fuck everybody here, everybody vanished
I'm managed, hop off my dick and make a fucking sandwich
Everybody listening can suck my dick in Spanish
(You know what? Fuck you) Fuck you (Shit), faggot (Fucking bastard)

[Outro]
Hahaha, yeah, um, as you can probably tell from listening to this record
I was, I was probably angry, probably on my period
But um, I didn’t mean to offend anyone
Alright, I'm lying
O-F
Ebony And Ivory live together in perfect harmony
Side by side on my piano keyboard oh lord why dont we?

We all know that people are the same where ever you go
There is good and bad in everyone
We learn to live we learn to give each other what we need to survive together alive

Ebony and Ivory live together in perfect harmony
Side by side on my piano keybard oh lord why dont we?

Ebony, Ivory living in pefect harmony
Ebony, Ivory oh..

We all know that people are the same where ever you go
There is good and bad in everyone
We learn to live when we learn to give each other what we need to survive
Together alive

[Intro: Andy & T-Pain]
Shawty
Aw, shit (yeah, yeah)
Get your towels ready, it's about to go down (shawty, yeah, yeah)
Everybody in the place, hit the fucking deck
But stay on your motherfucking toes
We running this, let's go (hey)

[Hook: Andy & Akiva, T-Pain, & All]
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
Everybody look at me, 'cause I'm sailing on a boat (sailing on a boat)
I'm on a boat (I'm on a boat)
I'm on a boat
Take a good, hard look at the motherfucking boat, yeah

[Verse 1: Andy, Akiva, & T-Pain]
I'm on a boat, motherfucker, take a look at me
Straight floating on a boat on the deep blue sea (yeah, yeah)
Busting five knots, wind whipping out my coat
You can't stop me, motherfucker, 'cause I'm on a boat
Take a picture, trick (trick); I'm on a boat, bitch (bitch)
We drinking Santana champ, cause it's so crisp (crisp)
I got my swim trunks, and my flippie-floppies
I'm flipping burgers, you at Kinko's straight flippin' copies
I'm riding on a dolphin, doing flips and shit (yeah)
The dolphin's splashing, getting everybody all wet (oh)
But this ain't Seaworld, this as real as it gets (yeah, yeah)
I'm on a boat, motherfucker, don't you ever forget
I'm on a boat, and it's going fast, and
I got a nautical themed pashmina afghan
I'm the king of the world, on a boat like Leo
If you're on the shore, then you're sho' not me-oh

[Refrain: Andy]
Get the fuck up, this boat is real!

[Verse 2: Andy, Akiva, & T-Pain]
Fuck land, I'm on a boat, motherfucker (motherfucker)
Fuck trees, I climb buoys, motherfucker (motherfucker)
I'm on the deck with my boys, motherfucker (ayy)
This boat engine make noise, motherfucker
Hey, ma, if you could see me now (see me now)
Arms spread wide on the starboard bow (starboard bow)
Gonna fly this boat to the moon somehow (moon somehow)
Like Kevin Garnett, anything is possible

[Bridge: T-Pain & Andy]
Yeah, never thought I'd be on a boat (let's go)
It's a big, blue, watery road (yeah)
Poseidon, look at me, oh (all hands on deck)
Never thought I'd see the day
When a big boat coming my way
Believe me when I say
I fucked a mermaid, whoah

[Hook: Andy & Akiva]
I'm on a boat
I'm on a boat
Everybody look at me, 'cause I'm sailing on a boat
I'm on a boat
I'm on a boat
Take a good, hard look at the motherfucking boat

[Outro: T-Pain]
Sha-sha-sha
Sha-sha-sha
Sha-sha-sha
Shawty, shawty
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Intro: Kanye West]
Boom, b-boom, b-boom-boom

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me "K-Rock" so they'd leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' something, sixteen, he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure! nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least 'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back— back then— then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had them Lincolns and Au-rurr-ras, we was hurting 'em all
With the girls, a lot of flirting involved, but, dog—
Fuck all that flirting—now, I'm tryna get in some drawers
So put me on with these hoes, homie
He told me, "Don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie"

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Drive slow, homie
(Drive slow)
You never know, homie, about these hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

[Verse 2: Paul Wall]
What it do? I'm posted up in the parking lot, my trunk waving
The candy gloss is immaculate, it's simply amazing
Them elbows poking wide on that candy 'Lac
Trunk open, screens on, neons lit with fifth, relaxed
I'm on a mission for dime-pieces and sexy ladies
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes
It's a star-studded event when I valet park
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
You see them fours crawling? You see them screens falling?
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm ballin'
I'm leaning on the switch, sitting crooked in my slab
But I could still catch boppers if I drove a cab
A young Houston hard-hitter, all about the scrilla
Ridin' something candy-coated, crawling like a caterpillar
I'm tipping on them fours, I'm jamming on that Screw
I'm looking for them hoes, baby, what it do? Drive slow, homie

[Chorus: Kanye West & GLC]
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
Drive slow, homie
If you're riding around the city with nowhere to go
Drive slow, homie
Live today, 'cause tomorrow, man, you never know
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie

[Verse 3: GLC & Kanye West]
My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib
I got more TVs in here than where I live
And that don't make no sense, but baby, I'm the shit
And everything I flip, you know it's something serious
I got the custom grill, I got the Brabus rims
I got the baller genetics, baby, this evidence
You see a player flicking, and how you ain't convinced
That you should go on and kiss it, just a lil' bit (Just a lil' bit)
I wear my custom kicks, I got my Jesus chain
My canaries is gleaming through my angel wings
They see me, hoes actin like they seen a king
With that mean lean, smoking on that finest Cali green
My woodgrain oak, I'm riding on Vogues
My cylinder quiet, like tiptoes
I sold O's, and this I know
When you see them hoes, lil' homie, drive slow

[Bridge: Tony Williams]
Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo
Mm, hm
Oh, oh, ooh, hoo, ooh
Mm, hm
Oh, oh, ooh, hoo, ooh
Mm, mm, mm, mm

[Outro: Kanye West & Tony Williams]
Yeah
B-boom, b-boom-boom
Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo
Mm, hm
Drive slow, homie
Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo
Mm, hm
Drive slow, homie
Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo
Mm, hm
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
Mm, hm
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie

[Hook: Trey Songz]
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Hey, what's in your cup
Got a couple bottles, but a couple ain't enough
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Throw your hands up
Tell security we bout to tear this club up
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Pocket full of green
Girl, you know I love the way you shake it in them jeans
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Throw your hands up
Bottoms up, bottoms up
Bottoms up, bottoms up

[Verse 1 - Gucci Mane]
Two Ferrari's parked outside
I call them Solange and Beyoncé
Yellow bitches, Kelly Rowlands
Stole that line from Kanye
Stupid icy, stupid icy
Sharper than a pocket knife
All my bitches love me
Like Pac, I live a thug life
Since I'm with the champions
I hold it like a trophy
I'm tripping, looking at my ring
I start thinking of Kobe
I'm looking for a small-waist
Long hair star
I stole that line from Soulja Boy
I'm standing on the bar

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Wiz Khalifa]
Hundred thousand dollars worth of champagne
Now you and your girl screaming Taylor Gang
Diamonds in the man swinging from my chain
Leave straight from the club, put you on a plane
Fly you different places, faces in my bankroll
Giant paper, so we drinking by the caseload
I think I'm Mr. T rocking all this gold
Or Eazy E, fucking all these hoes
And my outfit is Louis-that, Louis-this
Stay losing bottle, count these lames out here losing chicks
My weed disturb the peace, that's word to Ludacris
Get in Hollywood, now I need a clueless bitch
One who got a couple dollars, rock the newest shit
A fly nigga, ride with me, you'll be a stewardess
Shawty'll be one in your hand if you ain't got a cup
Get you back to my crib, lil mama, then it's

[Hook]

[Hook - T.I.]
Alright, okay, I don't dance, no way
I just take my Louis rag out and wave it round in the air
Take my Gucci rag out and wave it round in the air

[Verse 1 - T.I.]
New Akoo outfit with a Gucci rag
Tied to my beltloop and my Louis bag
Full of stacks rubberbands round big cash
Got a sick swag til the haters get mad (come on)
We in the club homes gettin our thug on
Bottles of Patron if you grown get your buzz on
We brought the broads out and brought the cars out
I'm like the moon I shine and bring the stars out
When it dark out get the squad out
We ball hard sucka nigga eat your heart out
I'm too advanced super swag in my louis pants
Ballin now my Louis silk shirt match my Louis rag

[Hook - T.I.]

[Verse 2 - T.I.]
Kimosabe, big ballin is my hobby
I'm boppin while I'm walkin, rag fallin out my pocket
If big money ain't the topic homie I ain't even talkin
Get it on by the workers but I'm cool with all the bosses
Catch me flossing at the mall, talking to a broad
She follow me to Gucci and I taught her how to ball
3 pair shoes 4 shirts 6 rags
Chick said "dad that's more than my bag!"
Shawty I can show you how to spend this bread real fast
Then get a group of chicks to give you head real fast
Silk scarf hangin outa jeans ya'll
Homie I ain't thinkin I'm just doing my thing

[Hook - T.I.]

[Verse 3 - T.I.]
I took some time off and now I'm back ya'll
While you in the line at the club I'm in the back dawg
And when this song on ballas peel stacks off
And make it rain on them broads watch the stacks fall
And pull your rag out and wave it left, right
Let it sag with ya pants get ya swag just right
Ride Bankhead flare, flying out the Benz
Once a fool with it we gon'bring em out again

[Hook: Wiz Khalifa & Snoop Dogg]
I’m smoking everywhere I go
No stick, no seeds, just Al Green
I always gotta keep one rolled
I keep that, need that, got that
I’m rolling every gram I own
That purp, that bomb, that kush
Don’t gotta understand, they know
I smoke that, fire that, good that good that

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Concentrated, everyday I’m faded
Trees prepared and properly cultivated
I nursed ‘em, sprayed down, no chemicals
Just me and my buddy, ya hear me now
Never treat ya wrong, to each his own
Snoop and Wiz the new Cheech and Chong
We up in smoke, making street schemes
Smoking sticky green, having sweet dreams
Break it down, put it in the Z-I zag
And pull the top back and let the ass drag
Hit the switch, quickest way to get a bitch
Executive branch, get a whiff of this
Black card, sack of dank
High School nigga what the fuck you think?
I’m passing all my classes with flying colors
And everyday I’m high as a muthafucker

[Hook: Wiz Khalifa & Snoop Dogg]
I’m smoking everywhere I go
No stick, no seeds, just Al Green
I always gotta keep one rolled
I keep that, need that, got that
I’m rolling every gram I own
That purp, that bomb, that kush
Don’t gotta understand, they know
I smoke that, fire that, good that good that

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Sun roof open, smoking while I’m rolling
My bitches only notice it if it's potent
Bottle of Perignon, we can go kick it by the ocean
Get in between your legs
Joint roaches and ashes all in your bed
You calling her babe, she calling me instead
Cause I put that game all in her head
She saw the crib, she know that I’m balling
When he ain't have nothing he used to stall 'em
Now I with the boss dogg, all the bad hoes want him
And my pockets on swole, I’m talking Rick Ross big
And now when we shop we don’t care what the cost is
Rolling up good, smoking that bomb shit
Blow a whole OZ, nigga thats boss shit
Now she all fuck her man, rubberbands in my pocket
Getting money, going hard for my profit
Bad bitch keep the joint stuffed like stockings
Young nigga out here getting bread, why knock it

[Hook: Wiz Khalifa & Snoop Dogg]
I’m smoking everywhere I go
No stick, no seeds, just Al Green
I always gotta keep one rolled
I keep that, need that, got that
I’m rolling every gram I own
That purp, that bomb, that kush
Don’t gotta understand, they know
I smoke that, fire that, good that good that

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
We welcome you to High School
We do just like we like to
We cordially invite you
Now roll up get high to it
We welcome you to highschool
We do just like we like to
We cordially invite you
Now roll up get high to it
Get high to it

[Intro]
Let's stay together

[Verse 1]
I, I'm so in love with you
Whatever you want to do is alright with me
'Cause you make me feel so brand new
And I want to spend my life with you

[Verse 2]
Let me say that since, baby, since we've been together
Ooh, loving you forever is what I need
Let me be the one you come running to
I'll never be untrue

[Chorus]
Ooh, baby, let's, let's stay together
Lovin' you whether
Whether times are good or bad, happy or sad
Ooh, yeah
Whether times are good or bad, happy or sad

[Verse 3]
Why somebody, why people break up
Turn around and make up, I just can't see
You'd never do that to me, would you baby?
Just being around you is all I see, it's what I want to do

[Chorus]
Let's, we ought to stay together
Lovin' you whether
Whether times are good or bad, happy or sad

[Outro]
C'mon, let's, let's stay together
I'll keep on lovin' you whether
Whether times are, oh times are good or times are bad

[Intro: Wyclef Jean and T.I.]
Ayy, boy, don't spill my drink boy
Ba-lip!
Now, listen (Grand Hustle homie)
Everybody report to the bloodclaat dance floor (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Wyclef, "All Hands on Deck"
You love the beat?
(Boy you know what it is, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Yo, Tip, talk to me, bloodclaat!

[Chorus: T.I.]
I'm a real nigga, homie, tote six figures on me
Got a pistol you don't want it, boy, you what what it is
Ay, I'm way flyer, my pay's way higher
If they ever mention sire, boy, you know what it is
I'm 'bout that drama, you don't want no problems
I'll up that llama, boy, you know what it is
Ay, I get money, all I count is big money
Dick is all she get from me, boy, you know what is
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, boy, you know what it is, nigga

[Post-Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
Yo T.I.P., let them likkle rap boys know how you living

[Verse 1: T.I.]
The wait is over, here we go again, I'm back into play
Gon' sell another couple mil' and take it back to the A
Gon' take that other couple mil' and put it back in the safe (Okay)
Five cash for the crib on the back of the lake (C'mon)
I'm up in Crucial two-steppin with the gat in the waist
T.I. ain't in the street no more, fo'-fo', is that what they say?
Don't even try him when you see him boy you have to be great
'Cause this pistol hit you in your face, your teeth they'll have to replace (Ha!)
That's if you lucky nigga trust me, it don't hurt me to take
100 thousand to them Haitians you'll be murdered today, nigga

[Chorus: T.I.]
I'm a real nigga, homie, tote six figures on me (That's right)
Got a pistol you don't want it, boy, you what what it is
Ayy, I'm way flyer, my pay's way higher (Okay)
If they ever mention sire, boy, you know what it is (Ba-lip!)
I'm 'bout that drama, you don't want no problems
I'll up that llama, boy, you know what it is
Ay, I get money, all I count is big money
Dick is all she get from me, boy, you know what is
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, boy, you know what it is, nigga

[Post-Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
Yo T.I.P. some boys wan' playa hate
Let them know who the King of the South is
Talk to them!

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Well, they sweatin' when they see me, I'm apparently hot
Had the album of the year, nigga, Grammy or not
Remember all day I used to stay in the spot (That's right)
With two revolvers in my pocket, pitch a hand of that rock
And now, chart toppin', ain't a car I ain't got
I'm the number one customer at my own car lot (Ya dig?)
You wanna know how much I'm making? Just imagine a lot
You know I'm probably gettin' more that you'd imagined I got (Ayy)
Listen close, I need to know if you understand me or not
Because you disrespectin' me, you and your man'll be shot (Bow!)

[Chorus: T.I.]
I'm a real nigga, homie, tote six figures on me (That's right)
Got a pistol you don't want it, boy, you what what it is
Ayy, I'm way flyer, my pay's way higher (Okay)
If they ever mention sire, boy, you know what it is (Hey)
I'm 'bout that drama, you don't want no problems (Nah)
I'll up that llama, boy, you know what it is
Ayy, I get money, all I count is big money
Dick is all she get from me, boy, you know what is
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, boy, you know what it is, nigga

[Post-Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
Why y'all take shot, cause I'm movin?
We'll pop you in your chest boy

[Verse 3: T.I.]
Went from the King of the South to the King of the States
Ridin' in a car you probably never seen in the states
No idea how much yay I can bring in the states
Hey, you can get a hundred of 'em for a million today
Frank Lucas ain't the only one who made a million a day
Boy, it's a American Gangster right here in your face
And you don't wanna see P$C on the scene with a K
You think you runnin' up and robbin', that ain't even the case
And just because you get away, that don't mean it's okay
You a dead man walkin' and I mean it, okay? Hey

[Chorus: T.I.]
I'm a real nigga, homie, tote six figures on me (That's right)
Got a pistol you don't want it, boy, you what what it is
Ayy, I'm way flyer, my pay's way higher (Okay)
If they ever mention sire, boy, you know what it is (Ba-lip!)
I'm 'bout that drama, you don't want no problems
I'll up that llama, boy, you know what it is
Ayy, I get money, all I count is big money
Dick is all she get from me, boy, you know what is
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, boy, you know what it is, nigga

[Outro: Wyclef Jean and T.I.]
Some of them boys wan' talk 'bout they have done
They guns sound like popcorn, yeah
When the King of the South
Boy you know what it is
Get with the King of Haiti, big up Jamaica
Expect this
Boy you know what it is
Bloodclaat gorillas a-come out
Ha, ay, boy, you know what it is
And when that fire don't pop, come and gone
We have big long machine guns then
And when we pull them back
Choppers'll hang you
Blap, blap, blap, blap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
You like the beat?
Ha, they better
We can sell you one, y'know
Well, bop your head then, okay?
Yo big up to Ayiti!
Hey!
I'm the king, all the way to the ATL
Bankhead, okay
Yo, big up the whole South, East West North
Grand Hustle homie
Yo, London, Japan
Hey
Yeah
P$C
Yo, Tip, respect
Ha, yeah

[Verse 1]
You think I'm pretty without any makeup on
You think I'm funny when I tell the punch line wrong
I know you get me, so I let my walls come down, down
Before you met me, I was alright
But things were kinda heavy, you brought me to life
Now every February, you'll be my Valentine, Valentine

[Pre-Chorus]
Let's go all the way tonight
No regrets, just love
We can dance until we die
You and I, we'll be young forever

[Chorus]
You make me feel like I'm livin' a teenage dream
The way you turn me on, I can't sleep
Let's run away and don't ever look back
Don't ever look back
My heart stops when you look at me
Just one touch, now, baby, I believe
This is real, so take a chance and don't ever look back
Don't ever look back

[Verse 2]
We drove to Cali and got drunk on the beach
Got a motel and built a fort out of sheets
I finally found you, my missing puzzle piece, I'm complete

[Pre-Chorus]
Let's go all the way tonight
No regrets, just love
We can dance until we die
You and I, we'll be young forever

[Chorus]
You make me feel like I'm livin' a teenage dream
The way you turn me on, I can't sleep
Let's run away and don't ever look back
Don't ever look back
My heart stops when you look at me
Just one touch, now, baby, I believe
This is real, so take a chance and don't ever look back
Don't ever look back

[Bridge]
I'ma get your heart racing in my skin-tight jeans
Be your teenage dream tonight
Let you put your hands on me in my skin-tight jeans
Be your teenage dream tonight
(Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight)

[Chorus]
(You) You make me (Make me)
Feel like I'm livin' a teenage dream
The way you turn me on, I can't sleep
Let's run away and don't ever look back
Don't ever look back (No)
My heart stops when you look at me
Just one touch, now, baby, I believe
This is real (Oh), so take a chance and don't ever look back
Don't ever look back

[Outro]
I'ma get your heart racing in my skin-tight jeans
Be your teenage dream tonight
Let you put your hands on me in my skin-tight jeans
Be your teenage dream tonight
(Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight)

[Intro]
Sun won't shine, moon won't glow
This star of mine, is my star no more
I did you wrong and this I know
Come keep me warm, please, girl, I'm so cold
Woah, let me talk to you

[Verse 1]
Cold winter nights, by myself
Blankets just won't do, I need your help
'Cause I don't wanna miss the way your body feels no more
No I don't
It's only been two days since you've been gone
But those few moments, feel so long
Now I'm sitting at the edge of the bed, with my hands on my head
And the only thing I been thinking while I been alone is that

[Chorus]
I can't let you go, I won't let you leave
One thing that I know is baby, you were made for me for sure
My life is in your hands, I'm meant to be your man
We're made to be together
So baby no, don't go
Girl, if you don't know, I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul for sure
I'm right here on my knees
If you were to leave, I'd lose my everything

[Verse 2]
You complete me baby
Don't you let, nothing come, between us, hey
Alcohol has been, my best friend
And I admit some tears, have passed my chin
Crying in the bed over you, just ain't manly
But I don't give a damn, no
'Cause I could wash these pillow cases, I could change these sheets baby
But I need you back in the crib cooking up some of that good chicken and gravy
Mash potatoes, homemade lemonade
Want you back to the old days, you been with me since I had long braids

[Chorus]
And I can't let you go, I won't let you leave
One thing that I know is baby, you were made for me for sure
My life is in your hands, I'm meant to be your man
We're made to be together
So baby no, don't go
Girl, if you don't know, I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul for sure
I'm right here on my knees
If you were to leave, I'd lose my everything

[Bridge]
Girl my heart won't beat right, I can't sleep nights
Ooh you're haunting my dreams
All I know is I hold onto memories
When you touch, I touch you
When you moaning, you scream, oh baby
Girl, you know just what you do to me
I acted so stupidly
And unless you want to take away my soul, no, don't go

[Chorus]
I can't let you go, I won't let you leave
One thing that I know is baby, you were made for me for sure
My life is in your hands, I'm meant to be your man
We're made to be together
So baby no, don't go
Girl, if you don't know, I'd give my heart, I'd give my soul for sure
I'm right here on my knees
If you were to leave, I'd lose my everything

[Outro]
Don't you go away, stop, I can't
No baby no, don't you go away, I just, I just need time
Don't you leave me girl, don't do this
Don't you leave me girl, please
Don't you leave me girl, I got a lot on my mind
Don't you leave me girl, baby, babe, baby stop it, okay
Were made to be together, I'll stay

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
It's so loud inside my head
With words that I should have said
As I drown in my regrets
I can't take back the words I never said
I can't take back the words I never said

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
I really think the War on Terror is a bunch of bullshit
Just a poor excuse for you to use up all your bullets
How much money does it take to really make a full clip?
9/11, building 7, did they really pull it?
Uh, and a bunch of other coverups
Your child's future was the first to go with budget cuts
If you think that hurts, then wait, here comes the uppercut
The school was garbage in the first place, that's on the up and up
Keep you at the bottom but tease you with the upper crust
You get it, then they move it, so you never keeping up enough
If you turn on TV, all you see's a bunch of what-the-fucks
Dude is dating so and so, blabbering 'bout such and such
And that ain't Jersey Shore, homie, that's the news
And these the same people supposedly telling us the truth
Limbaugh is a racist, Glenn Beck is a racist
Gaza Strip was getting bombed, Obama didn't say shit
That's why I ain't vote for him, next one either
I'm a part of the problem, my problem is I'm peaceful
And I believe in the people, yeah

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
It's so loud inside my head
With words that I should have said
As I drown in my regrets
I can't take back the words I never said

[Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco]
Now we can say it ain't our fault if we never heard it
But if we know better, then we probably deserve it
Jihad is not holy war, where's that in the worship?
Murdering is not Islam, and you are not observant
And you are not a Muslim
Israel don't take my side 'cause look how far you've pushed them
Walk with me into the ghetto, this where all the kush went
Complain about the liquor store, but what you drinking liquor for?
Complain about the gloom, but when'd you pick a broom up?
Just listening to Pac ain't gon' make it stop
A rebel in your thoughts ain't gon' make it halt
If you don't become a actor, you'll never be a factor
Pills with million side effects, take 'em when the pain's felt
Wash 'em down with diet soda, killing off your brain cells
Crooked banks around the world would gladly give a loan today
So if you ever miss a payment, they can take your home away

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
It's so loud inside my head
With words that I should have said
As I drown in my regrets
I can't take back the words I never said, never said
I can't take back the words I never said

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
I think that all the silence is worse than all the violence
Fear is such a weak emotion, that's why I despise it
We scared of almost everything, afraid to even tell the truth
So scared of what you think of me, I'm scared of even telling you
Sometimes I'm like the only person I feel safe to tell it to
I'm locked inside a cell in me, I know that there's a jail in you
Consider this your bailing out, so take a breath, inhale a few
My screams is finally getting free, my thoughts is finally yelling through

[Chorus: Skylar Grey]
It's so loud inside my head
With words that I should have said
As I drown in my regrets
I can't take back the words I never said

[Verse 1: J. Cole]
Dear Mrs. Bill Collector
I know you're just doing your job, no mean to disrespect ya
But we been going through this thing since way back
I told ya when I get the dough I would pay back
But I got problems baby (yeah, if you only knew)
I got bigger problems baby
So while ya talk about the money that I owe like it's as if I didn't know man it don't mean nothin' to me
Cause right now I got my lil boy crying and my grandmother dying
Could ya please stop fuckin' wit me?
Listen here I ain't lookin' for no tears, but my brother got a year and my moma keep smokin' that shit
On top of that I'm broke, please put that in your notes for the next one to call me up talkin' that shit

[Hook: B.o.B]
So life don't pass me by, cause sometimes it'll leave ya stuck, don't ask me why (why)
Gotta keep this train-a-movin', no time to cry (cry)
So lonely days I say goodbye (bye)
Gotta live for today so life it won't pass me by
Cause sometimes it'll leave ya stuck, don't ask me why (why)
Gotta keep this train-a-movin', no time to cry (cry)
So lonely days I say goodbye (bye)
Gotta live for today so life it won't pass me by

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Dear Mr. Policeman
Am I wrong, ain't you supposed to keep the peace, man?
I coulda swore that I was driving pretty peaceful
So why the hell is you pulling over me for?
Is it this black Mercedes? (Oh na, I get it, I get it, I get it)
Or cause I'm black, hmm, maybe?
Tell me why my hands start sweating and I hold my breathe every time you get behind me
I turn my music down so you won't hear a sound, man I'm nervous like I got a couple pounds on me
You pull me over, ya frown on me
With your flashlight, tell me, what do you see?
Thug niggas, drug-dealers its a trip
Every nigga in this whip got a mothafuckin' college degree

[Hook: B.o.B]
So life don't pass me by, cause sometimes it'll leave ya stuck, don't ask me why (why)
Gotta keep this train-a-movin', no time to cry (cry)
So lonely days I say goodbye (bye)
Gotta live for today so life it won't pass me by
Cause sometimes it'll leave ya stuck, don't ask me why (why)
Gotta keep this train-a-movin', no time to cry (cry)
So lonely days I say goodbye (bye)
Gotta live for today so life it won't pass me by

[Verse 3: J. Cole]
My middle finger to the law, bustin' off, tryin' to touch the sky
My teacher said, "Impossible", but I'mma fuckin' try
Plus how he gon' tell me, he don't make the rules
There's niggas dying everyday, we don't make the news
Instead they talk about some thunderstorm, cyclones
Timmy got his bike stole
Top story: Tiger Woods be fuckin' a these white hoes
Anchorman stop snitchin'
Cut to commercial, he be textin' all his side bitches
Hey ma-goodness, how ironic
I'm tryed for possession of some chronic
My lawyer came to court, man he was higher than the comet
Hey your Honor, is you kidding, how you sit above me?
Are you perfect mothafucka? How you finna to judge me?
When you home you don't cuss, drink and puff like us?
These cops is Bad Boys, they be just like Puff
They hate their jobs and their days be fucked up like us
At the end of the day, you niggas just like us

[Hook: B.o.B]
So life don't pass me by, cause sometimes it'll leave ya stuck, don't ask me why (why)
Gotta keep this train-a-movin', no time to cry (cry)
So lonely days I say goodbye (bye)
Gotta live for today so life it won't pass me by
Cause sometimes it'll leave ya stuck, don't ask me why (why)
Gotta keep this train-a-movin', no time to cry (cry)
So lonely days I say goodbye (bye)
Gotta live for today so life it won't pass me by

[Verse]
The sisters are in so check the front line
Seems I spent the '80s in the Haiti state of mind
Cast me into classes for electroshock
Straight incarcerated, the curriculum's a cell block
I'm swimming in half truths and it makes me wanna spit
Instructor come separate the healthy from the sick
Ya weigh me on a scale, smelling burnt skin
It's dark now in Dachau and I'm screaming from within
'Cause I'm cell locked in the doctrines of the right
Enslaved by dogma, talk about my birthrights
Yet at every turn I'm running into Hell's gates
So I grip the cannon like Fanon and pass the shells to my classmates
Aw, power to the people
'Cause the boss's right to live is mine to die
So I'm going out heavy sorta like Mount Tai
With the five centuries of penitentiary so let the guilty hang
In the year of the boomerang

[Chorus]
I got no property but yo, I'm a piece of it
So let the guilty hang
I got no property but yo, I'm a piece of it
So let the guilty hang
I got no property but yo, I'm a piece of it
So let the guilty hang
I got no property but yo, I'm a piece of it
In the year of the boomerang

[Bridge]
Yeah
Now it's upon you
Now it's upon you

[Verse]
The sistas are in so check the front line
Seems I spent the '80s in the Haiti state of mind
Cast me into classes for electro shock
Straight incarcerated, the curriculum's a cell block
I'm swimmin' in half truths and it makes me wanna spit
Instructor come separate the healthy from the sick
Ya weigh me on a scale, smellin' burnt skin
It's dark now in Dachau and I'm screamin' from within
'Cause I'm cell locked in tha doctrines of the right
Enslaved by dogma, talk about my birthrights
Yet at every turn I'm runnin' into Hell's gates
So I grip the cannon like Fanon and pass the shells to my classmates
Aw, power to the people
'Cause the bosses right to live is mine to die
So I'm goin' out heavy sorta like Mount Tai
With the five centuries of penitentiary so let the guilty hang
In the year of the boomerang

[Chorus]
I got no property but yo, I’m a piece of it
So let tha guilty hang
I got no property but yo, I’m a piece of it
In the year of the Boomerang
I got no property but yo, I’m a piece of it
So let tha guilty hang
I got no property but yo, I’m a piece of it
In the year of the boomerang

[Outro]
Yeah
Now it's upon you
Now it's upon you
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
Yeah

[Intro]
Yeah
Uh-huh
Uh-huh

Yeah
Uh-huh
Uh-huh
Check it

[Verse 1]
I got something that I really want to say
It's been on my mind and it goes this way
Concerns about society
And while I have a chance imma say it (hey!)
We got
Teachers teachin' crap to the kids
Equivalent to selling crack to the kids
That's why the world's so addicted to fear, monkey business

[Pre-Chorus]
You see my inside
Said something ain't right
I've got a mouth fright
I say it outright
I'll make a statement
State my opinion (Love it)
Maybe my action
Gives inspiration
To make them hear you
Make them hear you
Make them hear you
Make them hear you
Hey!
Hey mister, something's wrong
We know something's going on
You know something we should know
Hey! Hey! You! You!

[Fergie-Chorus]
Ohh, and what do they know?
When they don't say what they know
Ohh, your life you own
Things you must say, let me know

[Verse 2]
There's some things that I really wanna know
Check it out now, cuz this is how it go
Look we can go and buy tobacco
But apparently, weed's illegal
If the world's so technological
Then why do we run cars off of oil
Gas and plastic all for oil
We went to war for oil
When it boils down to
(to, to, to, to, to, to)

[Pre-Chorus]
You see my inside
Said something ain't right
I've got a mouth fright
I say it outright
I'll make a statement
State my opinion
Maybe my action
Gives inspiration
To make them hear you
Make them hear you
Make them hear you
Make them hear you
Hey!
Hey mister, something's wrong
We know something's going on
You know something we should know
Hey! Hey! You! You!

[Fergie-Chorus]
Ohh, and where do they owe
When they don't say what they know
Ohh, your life you own
Things you must say, let me know

[Bridge]
This is Monkey Business
I've got my rights to a business
This can't be life or is it
No, no, no, no, no, no, no

This is Monkey Business
I've got my rights to a business
This can't be life or is it
No, no, no, no

Make them hear you
Make them hear you
Make them hear you
Make them hear you

[Outro]
(Hey!) Hey mister, something's wrong
We know something's going on
You know something we should know
Why don't you just let us know
Make them hear you
La-la-la-la-la
Hear you
La-la-la-la-la
Hear you
La-la-la-la-la
Hear you
La-la-la-la-la
Come on
Hey mister, something's wrong
We know something's going on
You know something we should know
Hey! Hey! You! You!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Shawty come and cho girl
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Listen pimp, come and get cho girl
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ay...hol up, is dat yo girl...yeah
Well come and get er den
Well come and get er den
Well come and get er den

[Chorus]
Come and get yo girl, she all in my space
Backing her ass up all in my face
Come and get yo girl, cause shawty won't leave
How can she be yours when she all up on me
Come and get yo girl, cause shawty so uuuugh
Lookin like trash I ain't sayin nuttin to er
Come and get yo girl, ay shawty can't stay
We brought some real women and she all in they way

[Verse 1]
Ay come and get yo girl, I don't want ah
Soliciting that pussy like she's standing on a corner
Her breath smell like Corona, and Patron, and marijuana
She givin me her numba I ain't gonna telephone ah
Shawty listen come and get yo girl, cause she trippin
Pissy drunk and she won't listen when I tell ah get to gettin
Did you hea me, cause you sittin there still while we chillin
And you illin actin silly like you too high on a pill
And I'm feelin like if that's yo girl you should get ah
Me and my partnas are not goin to be bothered with ah
Listen nigga come and get yo girl out my section
I'm tryin to be nice but I'mma get ta disrespectin in a second
Betta get yo girl in a hurry
She very unattractive, and I'm askin you to grab ah
Boy you have to come and get yo girl
Whats ha problem, them chicks with us gone jump on ha
And I ain't finna stop ah
I dun told u now to

[Chorus]
Get yo girl, she all in my space
Backin her ass up all in my face
Come and get yo girl, cause shawty won't leave
How can she be yours when she all up on me
Come and get yo girl, cause shawty so uuuugh
Lookin like trash I ain't sayin nuttin to er
Come and get yo girl, ay shawty can't stay
We brought some real women and she all in they way

[Verse 2]
Ay shawty really come and get cho chick
She on me like the horses on my polo
In hea tryna get a photo
Please come do somethin wit cho ho
I'd rather leave solo, cause she ain't even so-so
What tha fuck she got on, them ain't LV's on her logo
Bitches wit me got the green light, she mo like a no-go
She couldn't ride wit me in my two seater or my fo'-do'
She aimin at the star tryna holla at a nigga
What tha fuck she thinkin bout, I got elevated figure
Man it took a cuz nigga, money in the bank
Blowin Black and Mild smoke, ha breath so stank
I came in tha club swagg sharper than a shank
And she throwin ass at me, head bigger than a tank

[Chorus]
Come and get yo girl, she all in my space
Backin her ass up all in my face
Come and get yo girl, cause shawty won't leave
How can she be yours when she all up on me
Come and get yo girl, cause shawty so uuuugh
Lookin like trash I ain't sayin nuttin to er
Come and get yo girl, ay shawty can't stay
We brought some real women and she all in they way

[Intro]
This the top?
Oh yeah, the tippy
It’s young Khalifa, man
Yeah
I see it clearly, the money that is
Oh, ya’ll niggas ain’t in the way
Keep doing what you doing
See right through you, yeah

[Verse 1]
Got me drinking out the bottle
Living for today, ain’t thinking about tomorrow
Niggas fake, I can see it with my eyes closed
In desperate need of a leader so they follow
And me, I only see Chavo
I roll a bleezy and hit it like a high note
My skin tough as a rhino’s
So keep hating, I keep dating these dime hoes
Diamonds on my neck
Got diamonds on my chain, yeah
City or your state
Catch me mobbing with my gang and
Nigga violated, they won’t hesitate to aim
And I got enough change
To afford the price of fame
I’m like poison to ya’ll lames
Or drugs with prescriptions
Turn my music on, get a buzz when you listenin’
You want ‘em then pay for ‘em
And niggas talk fly, but I’m space gone
Up out of here

[Hook]
I never sleep, but I got big dreams
A little nigga, I do big things
You know it’s everything that it seems
They say my life is like the big screen
Big screen
I fill my bank with every 16
My money straight and my bitch mean
You should wait and get a ticket please
They say my life’s like the big screen
Big screen

[Verse 2]
I feel like a desperado
On the track I just kick it like Rallo
See me on the TV
Yeah, I be in grind mode
But please believe
I’m in the streets like potholes
Antonio, no guitar though
Only instrumental is that pistol
Need a right hand so I fucks with Chevy
And underneath the wing so I hustle heavy
Tatted on my face, chest, neck, hands, stomach
Been on a paper chase since that cake start runnin’
Never touched a brick, I ain’t never slung a drug
Still get a feeling when I see that gold car comin’
Got my pops old soul, I’m a 80’s baby
Moms smoke hella weed, I’m a wavy baby
You mister me too and you need fuel, man
You niggas see through, air

[Hook] x2

[Intro: T-Pain & DJ Khaled]
Dear Akon... forgive me for what I'm 'bout to say
Dear Barry Weiss, I know you told me not to worry about it man
But I can't let it ride
Dear God, let's make it happen
Hahaha. Ha ha! I'm trying to be you nigga (yeah nigga)
Watch me do me, watch me do me
Watch me do me, watch me do me, yeah!
Nappy Boy, Nappy BOY!
DJ Khaled! Ayo Pain, I want you to go in!
DJ Khaled let's go man, We the best!
Ay, ay, ay LISTEN!

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
I got up out the streets, so I ain't gotta steal
But listen to the radio, it's obvious I still kill (DAMN!)
But y'all was in the game way before me
So why you want to do some shit I did in '03? (ooh!)
I'm laying low-key, for a long time
But don't act like you know me, this is the wrong time
So grab your microphone, set your Auto-Tune
And I'mma bust a verse on yo' ass like I oughta do
I ain't no gangsta dude, ain't gotta pop and bang ya
But you know I'm powerful when I'm pissing off the gospel singers (ooh yeah)
I'm trying to feed my kids, y'all niggas can die slowly
Cause to me it sound like a bunch of karaoke

[Interlude: DJ Khaled & T-Pain]
Aiyyo fuck the imposter!
Fuck these karaoke niggas man!
T-Pain, they wanna live your life man
These are bitch-ass-niggas, man!
It's the DJ Khaled, Nappy Boys
I'm going in, I'm going in
Ayo, T-Pain-
You know what Khaled, I know you right dog, let me get 'em again though
Talk to them!
Ay, ay, listen

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
It ain't all bad, some of it please me
But the only niggas that's cool is Kanye and Lil Weezy (Damn!)
I'm a hit-maker, not a comedian
So why the fuck were these niggas laughing at me when I seen they ass? (Ooh!)
This shit will never work, a one-hit wonder bitch
But all that shit that you doing now make me wonder this
Now why it's cool for you, but it's not for me?
And why he ain't hop on my song and make it hot for me?
But you don't give a fuck, you just a swagger jacker
Now I'm a certified Lamborghini-ist and Cadillac-er (ooh yeah)
Cause I'm trying to feed my kids, y'all niggas can die slowly
Cause just to me, it sounds like a bunch of karaoke

[Interlude: DJ Khaled & T-Pain]
Y'all singin' the same old song
Y'all some karaoke niggas, karaoke fuck niggas
This is Nappy Boy, this is DJ Khaled!
We global with this hood shit, this what we do!
Why you wanna live our life?
You wanna live our lifestyle, aiyyo T-Pain!
What up Khaled? Get 'em

[Verse 3: T-Pain]
Yo, let me get a moment of silence, for the late great Roger Troutman
Y'all niggas ain't holdin' him down, so we had to put me at you
Bitch, I'm Teddy Pain, the son of Teddy Riley
The father of the game, you pussy niggas wild'n
How many niggas really wanna test?
Pain the originator, Khaled be the best
All these motherfuckers tryin' to do what I did
Stealing food from an infant, style from a kid
Twenty-four years, twenty-four cars
Bitch we the best, we got plenty more stars
Every time you pussy motherfuckers try to stop me
It's plenty more hits, plenty more bars
Yeah, that's not cool baby, so that's not happening
Y'all keep on stealing from me, let me try this rapping thing
I know you know I hear you, isn't that embarrassing?
Set the game on fire, Teddy Gasoline
Pussy niggas step up if you really got good game
I got a lot of shit to say about a nigga, but it's really not good things
That ain't no disrespect man, y'all keep doing your shit
But my daughter told me to tell you to get off her daddy's dick

[Outro: DJ Khaled]
Aiyyo Pain, man I'mma call these niggas out
I'mma pull them skirts, man
They fuck - ayo, let me get them!
FUCK IT!
It's the DJ Khaled don-dada
Big dog pitbull Terror Squadian
A.K.A. WE THE BEST!
A.K.A. shit on niggas dot-com!
A.K.A. Nappy Boy, bitch!
We global... we global

[Verse: Kid Cudi]
Yeah, yeah
What up, what up
You're in my dreams
I can have anything and everything I ever wanted, yeah
I can think of anything and everything I ever needed
Right here in my dreams
Everything is A-okay
I don't worry 'bout anything
'Cause every day, every day, every day is sunny
Here in my dreams now
Welcome, yeah
Welcome
You're in my dreams
This is a dream come true
Finding the perfect words to sing to you
Here in my dreams
Everything plays out
Exactly how I want them to
Everything turns out dope
Right here in my dreams
Welcome, yeah
Welcome
You're in my dreams now

[Narration: Common]
Long before we know ourselves, our paths are already set in stone
Some may never figure out their purpose in life and some will
There are a lot of us who are caught up in this hell we all live in
Content with being blinded by rules and judgment
We live in a world where it's more okay to follow than to lead
In this world being a leader is trouble for the system we are all accustomed to
Being a leader in this day and age is being a threat
Not many people stood up against the system we all call life
But toward the end of our first ten years into the millennium we heard a voice
A voice who was speaking to us from the underground for some time
A voice who spoke of vulnerabilities and other human emotions and issues never before heard so vividly and honest
This is the story of a young man who not only believed in himself but his dreams too
This is the story of the Man on the Moon

[Verse 1]
You see I'm trapped in my mind, oh I'm, goin trippy
Oh I don't think I'll ever go
You see the walls are so high that I, couldn't climb them
So I don't know which way to roll
I feel I'm stuck in rewind, though I'm, lookin forward
Damn, I wish I knew what went wrong
Am I sick, am I ill? Man, my mental got me
Oh Lord, please help me pull through
Oh baby

[Interlude]
Oh why, oh why, ooh
Oh why, oh
Oh why, oh why, ooh
Oh why, oh

[Verse 2]
You see the sun seems to shine, when I, am not looking
Oh, it seems to trick every time
Things do get out of hand once awhile, inside my mental
Hey, I took one hell of a ride
When I see what is so, I know, I am not lucky
Yeah I like to pat my own back
It's a gift and a curse, since my birth I'm in a prison
Though I'm happy right where I'm at

[Chorus]
You see I'm trapped in my mind, and I, know it's crazy
Hey it's not that bad at all
When you think of the world, I know it's crazy
Hey I'm not that bad at all
I'm trapped in mind, and I, know it's crazy
Hey it's not that bad at all
When you think of the world, I know it's crazy
Hey I'm not that bad at all
Oh baby

[Interlude]
Oh why, oh why, ooh
Oh why, oh
Oh why, oh why, ooh
Oh why, oh

[Chorus]
You see I'm trapped in my mind, and I, know it's crazy
Hey it's not that bad at all
When you think of the world, I know it's crazy
Hey I'm not that bad at all
I'm trapped in mind, and I, know it's crazy
Hey it's not that bad at all
When you think of the world, I know it's crazy
Hey I'm not that bad at all
Oh baby

[Outro]
Hey I'm trapped in my mind baby
I don't think I'll ever get out
Ohh I'm trapped in my mind baby
I don't think I'll ever get out, yeah
Oh, I'm trapped in my mind, baby
I don't think I'll ever get out
I don't think I'll ever get out

[Lupe Fiasco]
Lu myself, first of all accuse myself for being a fool
All attempts to school myself have failed
To improve means to remove myself
From this pool of sharks, dark as the mood I felt
I’m losing fuel, that’s all the food I refuse myself
That’s how you do when you do yourself
And if I lose, I could never excuse myself
Till I grow old, sit back and accrue my wealth
You don’t stand a chance, matter of fact, you don’t have half the stance
To stand if you stood half a chance
Like c-h-a to dance with this man from the C.H.A’s
Give it up, just abandon plan
Since you don’t have half the stance like an amputee
You don’t have half the pants that it takes
To command a family
The fan or command a fee
So you will never get the ransom you demand from me
The good news, my foot’s loose, my hands is free
So I dance all footloose and fancy free
Big Ups to footloose and all the fans of me
My fan base expands from Vans to Timberlands
From mansions to Section 8 campuses B
I’m they champion and I ain’t even SoundScanned it, see, I been lamping
Whipping up an answer to these rappers who got it backwards
Like zipping up their pants to pee
Like I’m just a rapper and I ain’t dapper
I'm frequently fly, I can go to France for free
But I ain’t no fan in base, cooking up grams of C
We in a wet stretching O’s like rubber bands to feed
But that was white boy 100 grand to key
When I’m posted up with this little punk ass chump cash advance
That they handing me, I came back with birds like Brandon Lee
I came back with words in a stanzas G
Told ya, right back like Stan, I'mma stand till it answers me
I’m concentrating man, I'm an oscillating fan
When they wanna shake hands with me, it sucks right now
Hear it through ya spirit just dampens B
Like damn that was my man, what the hell happened to he?
His fan base is disbanded B
‘Cause his lyrics don’t mirror when he first landed see
Don’t give into this land to please
So help me God, I'mma kill it, that’s my word
Remove this blindfold, just give us a chance to see
And I'mma quit it the minute it abandons me
My plan’s to be here for a minute
Then I’m finished, then I’m vamping G
Most these cats is pussies, pearl tongues, oysters and clams to me
Flintstone money can’t even stand being in their glances geez
They say it’s looking good, from my vantage B?
Shit is sinking like Atlantis B and I’m more set than Alanis
What, you ain’t understanding me? Am I speaking Spanish B?
Well adios holmes, am I getting sloppy Joe? Well what am I, a Manwich B?
I got a Big Mac if you want a sandwich G
Who else you know keep the Mickey D tucked
With the windy on his shoulder? I told ya, give it up dog, it’s over

[Hook: Ryan Tedder/FM]
Here we go, come with me
There's a world out there that we should see
Take my hand, close your eyes
With you right here, I'm a rocketeer
Let's fly (fly, fly, fly, fly)
Up, up here we go, go
Up, up here we go, go
Let's fly (fly, fly, fly, fly)
Up, up here we go, go
Where we stop nobody knows, knows

[Verse 1: Prohgress]
Where we go we don't need roads (roads)
And where we stop nobody knows (knows)
To the stars if you really want it
Got got a jetpack with your name on it
Above the clouds in the atmosphere ('phere)
Just say the words and we out of here (outta here)
Hold my hand if you feeling scared (scared)
We flying up up out of here

[Hook: Ryan Tedder/FM]

[Verse 2: Kev Nish]
Baby we can stay fly like a G6
Shop the streets of Tokyo, get you fly kicks
Girl you always on my mind, got my head up in the sky
And I'm never looking down feeling priceless (yeah)
Where we at, only few have known
Go on the next level, Super Mario
I hope this works out, cardio
Til' then let's fly, Geronimo

[Hook: Ryan Tedder]

[Verse 3: J-Splif]
Now I never been in space before
But I never seen a face like yours
You make me feel like I could touch the planets
You want the moon girl watch me grab it
See I ain't never seen a star this close
You got me stuck by the way you glow
I'm like, oh, oh, oh, oh
I'm like, oh, oh, oh, oh

[Hook: Ryan Tedder/FM]

[Intro: DJ Green Lantern, DJ Noodles & J. Cole]
I feel like we should just, you know, keep the world in suspense no longer
Yeah
And you know, just put J. Cole on the spot
Wooooo!
Yeah, is there anyway you can turn me up? Yeah, yeah
We got Roc Nation's first artist in here, J. Cole
Yeah, hey
On the spot
Yeah, there's no way to turn me up?
Got that?
If not, it's all good
Yeah, hey, hey, hey

[Verse]
I bet they never seen him comin'
Like a blind bitch you fuckin' from behind
It's the motherfuckin' dime, bitch I'm fucking up rewind buttons
My shit is jumping like Lebron
Fayettenam on my back like some scratches from your lady
On your mattress where they gave me that
I bet niggas can't wait to pay me back
While they relax, I stay in tip-top shape
And I stay up on my toes like some gym socks, flip-flops
Tell them hater to rehab, kick rocks
Game tight like Ziploc
Half-Black, other half white like Kid Rock
Try to tell it to a cizz-op
Thought it would work, it did not
He told me "Nigga stizz-op, you know you is not"
Wrote the ticket and rizz-ocked
Fuck, this is for hip-hop, gassed up like a quick stop
They lit a fire under my ass nigga my shit hot
Even if you squatted over volcanoes, niggas your shit not
I'm raw, but I kid not
Your shit flop, I give props to the legends
Praise God but I give not to the reverends
Lookin' up to the heavens like
"Where did all my blessings go?" You chase a dream
But then you stop, guess you'll never know
I got a show for you to watch, here's an episode, professional
Set to blow any minute now, many women smile
Look the lights and the action, and the cameras be callin'
You niggas got to log in, bitch, you fantasy ballin'
I snuck up like I planned to be, this ain’t random, we called it
Like once they get a hit of this, they hooked like that Twitter shit
Thought I get a deal and head straight to the dealership
But looking at my deal I probably can't afford benefits
Medical, dental shit, left but I always came
Back like a rent-a-whip, dirty ass game
Dog, I could run a kennel with all these bitch niggas
Who don't lift a finger yet they wanna ride in the limo with
Me, I switch the tempo on them sort of like Timbo on em'
Start talking that "we" shit, I pause Nintendo on 'em (hahaha!)
Start talking that beef shit, I turn to kimbo on em'
I got no words for these niggas I'm instrumental on em'
Yeah! And I'll still keep goin', keep flowin'

[Outro: DJ Green Lantern, DJ Noodles & J. Cole]
Woooo! J. Cole! Yeah, J. Cole! Woo!
I don't think he's done, man, we need more
Yeah
I feel like he's not done, (Yeah) I feel like he's not done
He need's more, man

[Hook]
Ay, what's Haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and I'm watching
But I'm serious
Haters, so all I got to say is, "What up"

What's haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and am watching
But I'm still here, I ain't stoppin'
So what up

[Verse 1]
What it is bruh, What it do mane
Still the man from Japan to the blue flame
Still hit the door and make it rain with the loose change
I bet that what he get a show, now that's a damn shame
I guess that what he hatin' fo', boy you so damn lame
Your click the same, a just a bunch of walkin' shit stains
Disgrace the A, you give the city such a bad name
You're way back in my rear view mirror, I'm in the fast lane
But still I hear ya loud and clear on your lil' song
Go on get your dissing on while the king gone
Your self-esteem gone, cause I'm back now
Let's see if we can't teach these niggas how to act now
You're kissing ass then, you jumping back now
I check your ass then, I shut your ass down
And I deliver front and center never back down
Who get the last laugh now sucka nigga

[Hook]
Ay, what's Haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and I'm watching
But I'm serious
Haters, so all I got to say is, "What up"

What's haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and am watching
But I'm still here, I ain't stoppin'
So what up

[Verse 2]
I got a front street swag and a side street hustle
Center Hill, Cedar Ave. that's where I be sucka
South Grand Church Street, the first with the work
But we can get into commercial, if you need some, chirp me
Hey, what I care 'bout who you asking saying they ain't heard of me
I'm certified certainly your videos ain't hurting me
I still ride with the windows rolled down
All around the A-town
Like it's finna go down
If there was ever any questions niggas finna know now
Won't retire my throne, nor surrender no crown
I never bow down, and never say "bye"
Ms. "To whom it may concern" and whosoever may try
I'm forever west-side and the feather-weight guy
Tell 'em take they best shot
Go'on, get yourself high
Cause I yelled "Bankhead" and you felt left out
I ain't mentioned your name, is that what all this 'bout?

[Hook]
Ay, what's Haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and I'm watching
But I'm serious
Haters, so all I got to say is, "What up"

What's haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and am watching
But I'm still here, I ain't stoppin'
So what up

[Verse 3]
From Summer Hill to the hills up in Hollywood
A house full, getting to it, you know how we do it
Yea we smoke great, and we drink good
Then we ball hard, just like G's should
Buy what we want, drive what we want
G4 up up and away, we go, we fly where we want
Haters smile like they like it when they really don't
Wish they could just wish me away that what they really want
"I really hate his ass", "I don't like him either"
"We'll do a song together maybe then we can beat him"
Somehow he must be stopped, something must be done
"If we can't knock him off, let's just try him when he get caught with guns"
"And if he really done, and we really won"
"Any more ideas, (I got some) suggestions anyone?"
"How 'bout we stay up all night, on the blog sites"
"Spread, vicious lies and nasty rumors we could all write"
But that's all right, let the nerds hate
Cause in my face though, them words getin' ate
And hatin's hard work, when I just bounce back
This God work, tell all the haters I'm back!

[Hook]
Ay, what's Haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and I'm watching
But I'm serious
Haters, so all I got to say is, "What up"

What's haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and am watching
But I'm still here, I ain't stoppin'
So what up

[Intro: Ad Rock]
To Mario C—you can't front on that

[Verse 1: Ad Rock]
Well just plug me in just like I was Eddie Harris
You're eating crazy cheese like you would think I'm from Paris
You know I get fly, you think I get high
You know that I'm gone and I'm-a tell you all why

[Verse 2: Mike D]
So tell me who are you dissing; maybe I'm missing
The reason that you're smiling or wyling, so listen
In my head, I just want to take 'em down
Imagination set loose and I'm gonna shake 'em down

[Verse 3: MCA]
Let it flow like a mud-slide
When I get on, I like to ride and glide
I've got depth of perception in my text, y'all
I get props at my mention 'cause I vex, y'all

[Verse 4: Ad Rock]
So what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want? (what'cha want?)
I get so funny with my money that you flaunt
I said, "Where'd you get your information from, huh?
You think that you can front when revelation comes?"

[Hook]
(Yeah, you can't front on that)

[Verse 5: Mike D]
Well they call me Mike D, the ever-loving man
I'm like Spoonie Gee (whoo ooh), I'm the metropolitician (yeyeyeyeah)
You scream and you holler about my Chevy Impala
But the sweat is getting wet around the ring around your collar

[Verse 6: MCA]
But like a dream I'm flowing without no stopping
Sweeter than a cherry pie with Reddi Whip topping
Going from mic to mic, kickin' it wall to wall
Well I'll be calling out to people like a casting call

[Verse 7: Ad Rock]
Ah, well, it's wack when you're jacked in the back of a ride
With your know, with your flow, when you're out getting by
Believe me, what you see is what you get
And you see me, I'm coming off as you can bet

[Verse 8: Mike D]
Well I think I'm losing my mind, this time
This time I'm losing my mind; that's right
I said I think I'm losing my mind, this time
This time, I'm losing my mind

[Hook:]
Yeah, you can't front on that

[Verse 9: MCA]
But little do you know about something that I talk about
I'm tired of driving, it's due time that I walkabout
But in the meantime, I'm wise to the demise
I've got eyes in the back of my head so I realize

[Verse 10: Ad Rock]
Well I'm Dr. Spock, I'm here to rock, y'all
I want you off the wall, if you're playing the wall
I said what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want (what'cha want)
I said what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want (what'cha want)

[Verse 11: Mike D]
Y'all suckers write me checks and then they bounce
So I reach into my pocket for the fresh amount
See, I'm the long leaner Victor the Cleaner
I'm the illest motherfucker from here to Gardena

[Verse 12: MCA]
Well I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce
You've got the rhyme and reason, but got no cause
But if you're hot to trot, you think you're slicker than grease
I've got news for you crews, you'll be sucking like a leech

[Hook:]
Yeah, you can't front on that

[Outro:]
So what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want (what'cha want)
So what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want (what'cha want)
I said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want (what'cha want)
I said so what'cha, what'cha, what'cha want (what'cha want)

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Nigga ain't let me catch my breath
Nah, you heard me?

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Ahhh! Peek-a-boo, bitch! (Yeah) Swag scare your kids (Huh?)
My airplane clothes flyer than your bestest shit (Really)
Gorillas in the mist, pro-Black: pump they fist
I'm from the Planet of the Apes, King Kong clips (Blah)
Silence lambs, bitch (Yes), run through your land tripping (Hahaha)
Can't pretend when this is real as it gets, can you? (No)
If shit hits the fan, I Ron Artest niggas (Ha)
This how I'm living, getting tatted in some house slippers (Ah)
I like my bitches simple: lay back, relax your mental (Bitch)
Shit, you know what I do; now, tell me what you tryna get into
The man car's rented (Right), the man car killing (Yes)
Gossiping? Man, fuck the car! Look at the man in it, ha!
Ha! Boys-to-man business (Yes), we don't hire bitches (No)
Just fire bitches: Young Money fire-spitters (Ahhh)
Them red ants is with us (Haha), and they ain't ate they dinner (No)
Begin the feast; feet lying, fatality finish
I'm killin these records, they put me in Guinness
I really don't give a f-fuck if you witness
You hear it, listen, buy it, steal it
I'm still gonna get my fucking percentage
I cuss a lot 'cause, bitch, I'm serious, Young No-Beard
Get soup, like gumbo with shrimp
Flyer than Dumbo ears is, bitch

[Break: Lil Wayne]
Now, my dog, T, was just rocking, you heard me?
Hit the weed, T! You heard me?

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Ugh! now let me start by sayin' I don't like this beat
But I weather the storm, I'm a lightning streak, ugh
Weezy F. Baby, I do it big—weigh me
Them crazy freaky bitches tryna Cirque du Soleil me
Got some new bitches, Trel got em' laughin'
The one that gave me head could suck the nail out a casket
Shotgun on the kitchen table, bullet shells in the cabinet
Fucking with me is like stepping on the tail of a dragon
Wet pussy is my cabin, more bitches than a pageant
I keep a house full, nigga—call me Bob Saget
Spending time backwards, hotter than a cactus
And we ain't in the building—we the fucking contractors
Y—YM, motherfucker, why hate it?
Young Money down your throat, you gotta stay hydrated
Quarterback Weezy, young Tom Brady
Open up your mouth, and catch a bomb, baby, haha!
Good morning, dude, Eagle-Street-Corner Tune
Long dough, no shortbread, no Lorna Doone
I'm warnin' you: We on the move
Bunch of female dogs and garden tools
That's bitches and hoes, hospital full, sick of my flow
Hi—Hip-hop was washed up
So I brought some change to finish my load
I load millions and more millions
Money to the ceilings? Nigga, No Ceilings! I'm out!

[Verse 3: Shanell]
Step up in this bitch, five o'clock in the morning
The world is waking up, you can hear the pigeons yawning
I'ma get that worm now; tell 'em it's my turn now
Y'all niggas need a lesson, on some ethic—you gon' learn now
I do this for the love of it; saliva, 'cause I love to spit
And I juke it; for my future records y'all gon' love to spin
Fucking with my bred'ren, 10 years strong
And he put them dreads in: Silver, John Long
But he's more like platinum; hold up, here's a napkin
Pick your jaw up off the floor, and tuck your tongue right back in
Tell me, where is Mack Maine?

[Outro: Shanell]
That's all I have!

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Some of 'em lie about the shit they got and what they do on the block
Some of 'em lie about the guns they pop
But I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't
That's how it is for me cause I live a boss' life
So many niggas wanna play but still got dues to pay
Some of 'em gotta beg a bitch to stay
But I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't
That's how it is for me cause I live a boss' life
Now this is for the B's and the C's, and the D's and the H's
And the G's puttin' work in overseas
At ease with the Doggy and smoke some weed
Fuck it, if my nigga detoxing, it's more for me
Baby this is presidential really, a pocket full of women
Understanding how I'm living, show them hoes how you winning
It's the beginning with the pearls you're given
The world soft like linen and sweet like cinnamon
But everyday like 50 say, it's Many Men
They wanna take me out the spot, they want the pussy and the ends
But separate the paper and the Benz and the cribs
Then the hoes, then the clothes, I'mma have to let 'em go
You know how the Dogg roll, don't get it twisted
Cause he bang out the East just in case you wanna visit
A touch of the exquisite, mixed with somethin' pimpish
And it's comin' from the Beach where them niggas is a beast
But I just listen, all that shit is in my past
I'm connected to the purse first nigga, the ass last
From Long Beach to Venice is the premise
Want the green like spinach and I'm strong to the finish

[Chorus: Nate Dogg / Akon]
See me man, I'm nothin like you
I got the kinda swagger that you ain't used to
I'm leanin' in my ride, fo' fifth, cock bangin'
Me, I'm ridin' by ya on the corner, block slangin'
I'm livin' that boss' life
The hoes come runnin' when they see me comin'
I'm livin' that boss' life
You can have anything just don't fuck with my money

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
This is for the West and the East and the Dirty South
Khaki's and them Timbs and them niggas with the platinum mouths
Thinkin' that they blessed by the actions that be comin' out
When you in Magic City you be carrying a lot of clout
But trickin' ain't the route, that's even if you got it
There's a method to you holdin it when they can't do without it
Just put the key up in it nigga if she 'bout it
You can have her and her partner, fuckin' with it for a dolla
If she a baller, she gon' ride with a shot caller
Roll with the Boss Dogg in the back of a blue Impala
And if she follow, then she gon' swallow
All the game you got to give her, be a different bitch tomorrow
But I would never bother breakin' out the Doggfather
'less I knew that she was 'bout him, havin' diamonds on his collar
I'm just an author, spreading game to my partners
Walkin' on the blue carpet with the Doctor

[Chorus: Nate Dogg / Akon]
See me man, I'm nothin like you
I got the kinda swagger that you ain't used to
I'm leanin' in my ride, fo' fifth, cock bangin'
Me, I'm ridin' by ya on the corner, block slangin'
I'm livin' that boss' life
The hoes come runnin' when they see me comin'
I'm livin' that boss' life
You can have anything just don't fuck with my money

[Intro]
You know you, you make me feel so good inside
I always wanted a girl just like you
Such a P.Y.T., pretty young thing, ooh

[Verse 1]
Where did you come from, lady?
And ooh won't you take me there
Right away, won't you, baby?
Tenderoni, you've got to be
Spark my nature, sugar fly with me
Don't you know now is the perfect time
We can make it right, hit the city lights
Then tonight, ease the loving pain
Let me take you to the max

[Chorus]
I want to love you (P.Y.T.)
Pretty young thing
You need some loving (T.L.C.)
Tender lovin' care
And I'll take you there, girl, ooh-oh
I want to love you (P.Y.T.)
Pretty young thing
You need some loving (T.L.C.)
Tender lovin' care
And I'll take you there
(Anywhere you want to go)
Yes, I will, ooh

[Verse 2]
Nothing can stop this burning desire to be with you
Got to get to you, baby
Won't you come, it's emergency
Cool my fire yearning
Honey, come set me free
Don't you know now is the perfect time
We can dim the lights, just to make it right
In the night, hit the loving spot
I'll give you all that I've got

[Chorus]
I want to love you (P.Y.T.)
Pretty young thing
You need some loving (T.L.C.)
Tender lovin' care
And I'll take you there, yes, I will, yes, I will
I want to love you (P.Y.T.)
Pretty young thing
You need some loving (T.L.C.)
Tender lovin' care
And I'll take you there
Yes, I will, hee-eh

[Bridge]
Pretty young thing, uh!
You make me sing, ha, ha, ha
Pretty young thing, uh!
You make me sing, ha, ha, ha
Pretty young things, repeat after me
Sing, "na-na-na" (Na-na-na)
"Na-na-na-na" (Na-na-na-na)
Sing, "na-na-na" (Na-na-na)
"Na-na-na-na" (Na-na-na-na)
I will take you there, take you there

[Chorus]
I want to love you (P.Y.T.)
Pretty young thing
You need some loving (T.L.C.)
Tender lovin' care
And I'll take you there, take you there, take you there
I want to love you (P.Y.T.)
Pretty young thing
You need some loving (T.L.C.)
Tender lovin' care
And I'll take you there, take you there, hoo-ooh

[Outro]
Hoo-ooh! (I want to love, you P.Y.T., P.Y.T.)
Oh, baby (I want to give, you T.L.C., T.L.C)
Oh, baby
Hold on, ooh-ooh
I want to love, you P.Y.T., P.Y.T
I want to give, you T.L.C., T.L.C
You're such a P.Y.T. to me, pretty young thing
Oh baby, oh baby, hold on
I want to love, you P.Y.T., P.Y.T. (oh, baby)
I want to give, you T.L.C., T.L.C (you can be, ooh)
I just wanna love you, you know?
Ha-ha-ha, I'll give you all that I got

[Verse 1]
I know you wanna leave me
But I refuse to let you go
If I have to beg and plead for your sympathy
I don't mind 'cause you mean that much to me

[Chorus]
Ain't too proud to beg, sweet darlin'
Please don't leave me girl, don't you go
Ain't too proud to plead, baby, baby
Please don't leave me, girl, don't you go

[Verse 2]
Now I heard a cryin' man is half a man
With no sense of pride
But if I have to cry to keep you, I don't mind weepin'
If it'll keep you by my side

[Chorus]
Ain't too proud to beg, sweet darlin'
Please don't leave me, girl, don't you go
Ain't too proud to plead, baby, baby
Please don't leave me, girl, don't you go

[Verse 3]
If I have to sleep on your doorstep all night and day
Just to keep you from walkin' away
Let your friends laugh, even this I can stand
'Cause I want to keep you any way I can

[Chorus]
Ain't too proud to beg, sweet darlin'
Please don't leave me, girl, don't you go
Ain't too proud to plead, baby, baby
Please don't leave me, girl, don't you go

[Instrumental Bridge]

[Verse 4]
Now I've got a love so deep in the pit of my heart
And each day it grows more and more
I'm not ashamed to come and plead to you, baby
If pleadin' keeps you from walkin' out of that door

[Chorus]
Ain't too proud to beg, sweet darlin'
Please don't leave me, girl, don't you go
Ain't too proud to plead, baby, baby
Please don't leave me, girl, don't you go

[Outro]
Baby, baby, baby, (Ooh, sweet darlin')
Please don't leave me

[Dr. West]
"Morning, Marshall."

[Eminem]
"Morning, doc."

[Dr. West]
"So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling?"

[Eminem]
"Ah, anxious."

[Dr. West]
"Anxiety?"

[Eminem]
"Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world. Nervous."

[Dr. West]
"Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now
You're sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this
You found a sponsor yet?"

[Eminem]
"Um, not yet. But I mean, when I get back..."

[Dr. West]
"Well, if you find one, you find one. If you don't, you don't."

[Eminem]
"Well, yeah, I mean I gotta start going to meetings first and...
Wait, what?"

[Dr. West]
"Well, I mean you don't absolutely have to go to meetings
I mean it's not like... a requirement
If they fit into your schedule, I know you're a busy person."

[Eminem]
"Well, yeah, but I thought sobriety was the most important thing?"

[Dr. West]
"So what else are you thinking?"

[Eminem]
"Um, well, I know I gotta start practicing the steps, and
I mean, learn 'em, and start being able to apply 'em."

[Dr. West]
"The steps?"

[Eminem]
"Yeah, the steps."

[Dr. West]
"There's a lot of them, aren't there?"

[Eminem]
"Well, 12, but–"

[Dr. West]
"Christ, I don't even know them all."

[Eminem]
"Really?"

[Dr. West]
"Anything else?"

[Eminem]
"Um, well, I mean the only other question I have is, like
What do I do if I find myself in a situation where
Maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that
And I get tempted to—"

[Dr. West]
"Take a drink."

[Eminem]
"What?"

[Dr. West]
"Take a drink, and y'know, take the edge off."

[Eminem]
"Take the edge off? Man, if I have a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to."

[Dr. West]
"What, you mean these?" *shakes pills*

[Eminem]
"No, what the fuck?!"

[Dr. West/Slim Shady]
"Marshall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts, are we? Marshall, you can't leave me, you'll never leave me, Marshall
We'll always be together, Marshall. Marshall? Marshall!!

[Eminem]
"Oh no, no, no! Come on, man!
Oh, fuck you, man!
No, no, no, NO!"
*Alarm beeps*
"Oh, shit!"

[Verse 1]
I'm so glad you made time to see me
How's life? Tell me, how's your family?
I haven't seen them in a while
You've been good, busier than ever
We small talk, work and the weather
Your guard is up and I know why

[Pre-Chorus]
Because the last time you saw me
Is still burned in the back of your mind
You gave me roses, and I left them there to die

[Chorus]
So this is me swallowing my pride
Standing in front of you, saying I'm sorry for that night
And I go back to December all the time
It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine
I'd go back to December, turn around and make it alright
I go back to December all the time

[Verse 2]
These days, I haven't been sleeping
Staying up, playing back myself leaving
When your birthday passed and I didn't call
And I think about summer, all the beautiful times
I watched you laughing from the passenger side and
Realized I loved you in the fall

[Pre-Chorus]
And then the cold came
The dark days when fear crept into my mind
You gave me all your love, and all I gave you was goodbye

[Chorus]
So this is me swallowing my pride
Standing in front of you, saying I'm sorry for that night
And I go back to December all the time
It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine
I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind
I go back to December all the time

[Bridge]
I miss your tan skin, your sweet smile
So good to me, so right
And how you held me in your arms that September night
The first time you ever saw me cry
Maybe this is wishful thinking
Probably mindless dreaming
But if we loved again, I swear I'd love you right
I'd go back in time and change it, but I can't
So if the chain is on your door, I understand

[Chorus]
But this is me swallowing my pride
Standing in front of you, saying I'm sorry for that night
And I go back to December
It turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you
Wishing I'd realized what I had when you were mine
I'd go back to December, turn around and make it alright
I'd go back to December, turn around and change my own mind
I go back to December all the time
All the time

[Produced by Robin Thicke]

[Intro: Robin Thicke]
We are at war with the universe
The sky is falling and the only thing that can save us now
Is sensitivity and compassion
Da da da, da-da-da, da da da
Da da da, da-da-da, da da da, ooohh
But I know one thing's for sure
I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, some say tragedy's hard to get over
But sometimes that tragedy means it's over
Soldier, from the academy league of rollers
I deny being down though they seem to hold us
My shoulders are strong, I prove 'em wrong
I ain't doing nothing but moving on, let the truth be known
But they talked that freedom at us
And didn't even leave a ladder, damn

[Verse 2: Robin Thicke]
I work at the corner store
We all got problems, problems
No one's gonna fly down low
No one's gonna save us now
How you feel you're not alone
We're all just jealous, jealous
We don't reach the sky no more
We just can't overcome, no

[Chorus: Robin Thicke]
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I, knock on the door, hope isn't home
Fate's not around, the luck's all gone
Don't ask me what's wrong, ask me what's right
And I'mma tell you what's life, and did you know
I lost everything? But I ain't the only one
First came the hurricane, then the morning sun
Excuse me if I'm on one
And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one
They tryna tell me keep my eyes open
My whole city underwater, some people still floating
And they wonder why black people still voting
Cause your president still choking
Take away the football team, the basketball team
And all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit
No governor, no help from the mayor
Just a steady beating heart and a wish and a prayer
Let's pray

[Verse 4: Robin Thicke]
These friends they come and go
But I got family, family
These kids so fast they grow
They learn so quickly now
That there's nowhere to go
That there's no future, future
Don't make this here so low
And we can't overcome, no

[Chorus: Robin Thicke]
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?

[Verse 5: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, and if you come from under that water then there's fresh air
Just breathe, baby, God's got a blessing to spare
Yes, I know the process is so much stress
But it's the progress that feels the best
Cause I came from the projects straight to success, and you're next
So try, they can't steal your pride, it's inside
Then find it and keep on grinding
Cause in every dark cloud, there's a silver lining, I know

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
See right now we just riding on love
A shot in the dark
We ain't tryin to do nothing but hit the heart
We need love
That's all y'all, that's all

[Chorus: Robin Thicke]
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be?
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny?
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see?
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be?

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, born right here in the USA
But due to tragedy looked on by the whole world as a refugee
So accept my emotion
Do not take it as an offensive gesture
It's just the epitome of my soul and I must be me
We got spirit y'all, we got spirit
We got soul y'all, we got soul
They don't want us to see, but we already know

[Lloyd Banks]
Huh, you wondering how everything would look
If we do things our way, don't bother to read the book
Cause everything about you right, but I’ll be wrong
Know I’ll be dipping back and forth still stringing your heart along
New perspective,same song, yet I can’t help but have you
Grab the love right out of you, and turn right around to stab you
Cause I’ve been stabbed too, crossed more than box cut feeling buried
Deep in a box that I keep locked up. Shady past but you can brighten up my view
Cause when I’m standing next to you. Ain’t nothing I can’t do but
You deserve to have me with you like you with me
Through thick and thin ?
Six feet, more than loyal ?
Heard a couple about you too, but I ain't flipping out on you
Never mind the jealous focus on what we do
Through tall waters, you're the mask I breathe through, I need you

[Verse One - Alicia Keys]
Moment of honesty
Someones gotta take the lead tonight
Whose it gonna be?
I’m gonna sit right here
And tell u while it comes to me
If u have something to say
U should say it right now (you should say it right now) (are you ready)
U give me a feeling that I never felt before
And I deserve it, I know I deserve it (let it go)
Its become something that’s impossible to ignore
And I can’t take it

[Hook - Alicia Keys]
I was wondering maybe
Could I make you my baby
If we do the unthinkable will it make us look crazy (crazy)
If you ask me I’m ready
If you ask me I’m ready

[Verse - Two - Alicia Keys]
I know u said to me
“This is exactly how it should feel when its meant to be”
Time is only wasting so why wait for eventually
If we gonna do something about it
We should do it right now (we should do it right now)

U give me a feeling that I never felt before
And I deserve it, I know I deserve it
Its become something that’s impossible to ignore
Its what we make it

[Hook - Alicia Keys]
I was wondering maybe
Could I make you my baby
If we do the unthinkable will it make us look crazy
Or would it be so beautiful either way I’m sayin
If you ask me I’m ready
If you ask me I’m ready

[Bridge - Alicia Keys]
Why give up before we try
Feel the lows before the highs
Clip our wings before we fly away
I can’t say I can’t compare
I’m suspended it the air
Won’t u come be in the sky with me

[Hook - Alicia Keys]
I was wondering maybe
Could I make you my baby
If we do the unthinkable will it make us look crazy (crazy)
Or would it be so beautiful either way I’m sayin
If you ask me I’m ready
If you ask me I’m ready

[Chorus: Ludacris & Trina]
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
But I got to kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
But you gotta let me kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy

[Verse 1: Trina]
You know what I need
Somebody that who can come li-li-lick the clit (Alright)
And a nigga who ain't thinking 'bout a Trina LP
And I'll make him go and get my shit
We can go from a fly ass jetta to a Coupe De Ville
Hotel tally ho or the Beverly Hill
A real nigga not the run of the mill
Come and spank me and make me shoot to kill
From the kitchen then you can move me
To the jacuzzi and out the booty
Come and do your duty
Me and fat dick Ludacris making us a movie
Bare naked in a bed of cash
Make st-st-sttutter when I bare my ass
Tell your baby momma bye, she a thing of the past
Cause I'm a bad bitch and I'm off the glass (Okay)
Having sex in lil' jets menagé tois
Getting buck wild no matter where we are
Indie 500 in the back of the car
In a dark ass club or on the back of a bar
Never want, never ever wanna leave
Work for me like league overseas
I want a man to fulfill my needs
To keep my body trembling and buckle my knees

[Chorus: Ludacris & Shawnna]
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
But I got to kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
But you gotta let me kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy

[Verse 2: Shawnna]
I wanna do it on the canopy
I wanna do it where your girl gon' see, and get mad at me
I want a nigga that'll grab the weave
And turn my eyes Chinese
Tell me baby can you handle me?
I wanna do it all in your mouth
Then I'll pull the ass out
Make it bounce 'til you pass out
Or we can cut up in the grass
And give the neighbors a flash
Can you tell me who the bad motherfucker now?
Said I wanna take-ta-take-take a nigga back to the crib
And I wanna do all the things, do all the things that I never did
Like up on the top-to-top-top of the projects getting head
Or you can find me in a dro-drop-drop-drop on dubs in the candy red
I like a nigga when he face down, mouth wide
Polo down with them blades on the ride
Keepin' the pound with them K's on the side
But it's okay I'm gon break something tonight
Oh see get on your knees
And I'll show you what's my fantasy
Like up in the coupe, coupe
Tell your bitch she ain't gotta be mad at me

[Chorus: Ludacris & Foxy Brown]
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
But I got to kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy
You gotta li li li lick me from my ass to my clit
Then you gotta su-suck the pussy while I sit on your dick
And I wanna talk some shit while I feel it get stiff
And then ruba-dub on my tits while I nut on your lips nigga

[Verse 3: Foxy Brown]
I'm a BK bitch, love to ride dick
Ass in his face, cock spread out
Nigga uptown, nigga down south
Same ol' shit, bust in his mouth
F-O-X call me rough sex
Especially when a bitch get right on the X
Get it, right on X
Fuck him, check
Right to the next
Bitches go right, Fox right to the left
Nigga can't fuck, burner his chest
36 D's, Prada on the breasts
Baddest, send him home, na na on his breath
How you think a bitch got my rep?
3 Mills, still BK to the death
Still don't give a fuck
Still pose naked
Still specialize in sittin' niggas faces
Pop magnum's by the cases
X5, bitch, still spend big faces
Big frown, brown, hold first places
You know what you can do nigga?
You can li li li lick me from my ass to my clit
And ruba-dub up on my tits while I nu-nut on your lips, fucka

[Chorus: Ludacris, Shawnna & Trina]
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
(Remix, remix)
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave (Remix, remix)
But you gotta let me kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
(Remix, remix)
But I gotta kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy
I wanna li-li-li-lick you from your head to your toes
And I wanna move from the bed down to the down to the to the floor
I wanna ah-ah, you make it so good I don't wanna leave
(Remix, remix)
But u gotta let me kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy
But I got to kn-kn-kn-know what's your fan-ta-sy

[Intro]
I like you
You so special

[Verse 1]
Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you
I can make your storm feel sky blue
Girl when you lost you know I'll find you
If I'm not beside you I'm behind you
Imagine you're on the beach and you're lost
And you feel the breeze because your clothes off
Your inhibitions you got nothin to hide
And then help 'em rise, do you wanna ride?

[Hook]
Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh)
Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh)
Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh)
Touch it girl - I'm behind you!

[Verse 2]
Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you
I can make your storm feel sky blue
Girl when you lost you know I'll find you
If I'm not beside you I'm inside you
I'm your doctor, this is your therapy
Your money's no good, just take care of me
I found out it's you, you my soldier type
But all that can change, let's get loose tonight

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you
I can make your storm feel sky blue
Girl when you lost you know I'll find you
If I'm not beside you I'm inside you
You're a dream
Inception you're my queen
White babe, let me paint that wall
Change the background, take that off
In your eyes I could see you a winner
I know size stop lyin like Lyor
You could stay but there'd be no me
But if you come then set you free

[Interlude]
To the left... to the right
To the left... to the right
Go on and touch it girl, go on and touch it girl
Go on and touch it girl, go on and touch it girl

[Hook]
Let me get close, let me hypnotize you
I can make your storm feel sky blue
Girl if you're lost you know I'll find you
If I'm not beside you I'm behind you
Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you
I can make your storm feel sky blue
Girl when you lost you know I'll find you
If I'm not beside you I'm inside you

[Outro]
Twenties, fifties, fives, tens
Twenties, fifties, fives, tens
Twenties, fifties, fives, tens
Twenties, fifties, fives, tens
Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you
I can make your storm feel sky blue
Girl when you lost you know I'll find you
If I'm not beside you I'm inside you

[Hook]

[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G. (Lil Cease)]
Fam, you know what I'm sayin? (No doubt, man)
The motherfuckin shit just get me so motherfuckin' mad
‘Cause, you know, that was my nigga, you know
And like, I had just got the nigga Puff card and shit (yeah)
I knew the shit was 'bout to go down
And my man was like hyping me
'Bout everywhere we go, me and O (pluggin' it)
Me and O be together, and the nigga be like
"Watch, I'm telling you when my man get on, it's gonna be some shit, we ain't gonna have to sell this shit no mo'
I'm telling you" (aight?)
And the nigga just got moked out like that, man (tch)
That shit fucked me up, man
(That shit fucked a whole lot of niggas up, man)
Yo, man, I loved that nigga O too (say word)
That was my motherfuckin' heart

[Interlude: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Yeah, dedicating this to my nigga O
We miss you, nigga
Going out to all the young niggas that died in the struggle
Word up, shit is real in the field
You know, sparkin' blunts to all you niggas; word up

[Bridge: 112]
Each and every day
Daydreams of how we used to be
See your family
And that baby's lookin' just like you
Why'd you go away?
I've been missin' you lately
Tell me what you're going through, oh yeah

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
I remember sellin' three bricks of straight flour
Got my man a beat down to the third power
He didn't care, spent the money in a half hour
Got some fishscale, reigned on competition like a shower
Got the coke cooked up, a crackhead Kevin
In '88, when Kane ruled with "Half Steppin'"
A .38, a lot of mouth was our only weapon
We was kings 'til the D's crept in
And now I'm missin' him

[Chorus: 112]
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you (missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why why why

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, we work all week, weekends we play the movies
We rocked flattops, our girls rocked doobies
Made a killin', even though the D's knew me
Eventually, you know they try to do me
Fuck it! Fed up, my nigga wanted to take it down South
Sick of cops coming, sick of throwing jacks in his mouth
Gave him half my paper, told 'em "Go that route!"
Few months, he got his brain blown out, now I'm stressed
His baby's mother, she trippin', blamin' me
And his older brothers understand the game it be
Kinda topsy-turvy; you win some, you lose some
Damn, they lost a brother, they mother lost a son
Fuck, why my nigga couldn't stay in N.Y.?
I'm a thug, but I swear for three days I cried
I, look in the sky and ask God why
Can't look his baby girls in the eye
Damn, I'm missin' him

[Chorus: 112]
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
(Tell me, tell me why)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why
(Tell me, tell me why) why why

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
There was this girl around the way that made cats drool
Her name's Drew, played fools out they money in pool
People swore we was fuckin', but we was just cool
She used to hang while I slang my joints after school
She'd watch my bomb, help my moms with the groceries
My little sister, the girl was kinda close to me
A little closer than the average girl's supposed to be
Far from a lover, my girl was jealous of her
Then she started messin' with some major players
Handled keys, niggas called them the Bricklayers
A dread kid, had a baby 'fore that bitch Taya
Found out her baby's father cheating
Now Drew, she gotta slay her
One night, across from the corner store
Taya ran around the block with a chrome four-four
Squeezed all six shots in the passenger door
The dude lived – what my baby had to die for?
I'm missin' her

[Chorus: 112]
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
(Tell me, tell me why, ooh)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why why why (oh God tell me why)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (tell me, tell me why)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns (ooh ooh)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why why why
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you

[Hurricane Chris]
Get down or lay down
Louisiana

[Hook]
I'mma animal Louisanimal

[Lil Wayne]
I got em
Call me Lil Weezy-ana Carter
I go harder
All about a dollar, fuck two quarters
Bitch I'll pour syrup in that Vitamin Water
I hope you die ugly and tonight'll be gorgeous
Feed me your organs, bitch I'm starving
Tear drops on my face like it's my party
And if it's my party I can cry if I want to
Split your fucking body up in half if I want to
Bitch I'm from New Orleans but I'm going everywhere
And I have a dream to be your worst nightmare
I'm in the kings chair watching Sportcenter
Then I cut on BET, ah dinner
Through your Ls up cause we taking over
And we hungry so please come with a chip on your soldier
And we got them guns that gotta sit on your shoulder
I rock ice but my heart colder
Louisanimal

[Hook]

[Verse 1: Suai]
Trying to write a love song
I wanted it to be just right
Tried to make it beautiful
But all I can think about is our last fight
I was gonna play it on piano
Had the drums come in real bold
But I couldn't think of anything good to say
So the big ballad strings will never get played
Pretty melody I wrote will never get sang
Piece of paper that I started with got thrown away
A song about our love will never see the light of day
Why? cause you made it that way
Yea you made it that way

[Hook:]
I was gonna write you a love song
But you screwed it all up
Playing games now you're just
A lame who's shit out of luck
I almost wrote you a love song

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
(Crazy ass bitch)
She threw my watch out the window
Chain in her hand
She running through the crib
Finding anything she can
Our relationship is not the only thing that's out of hand
She even called my momma like
'you need to get your man
Cause your son lying on me
I ain't trying to get a tan
And this the last time he'll have me crying in my hands
So I'm heading to the club trying to find a man'
Bitch you headed to the club trying to find a man?
What is you saying?
Hoes and passionate night gowns
But you the only one I imagined in white gowns
So with your left hand you should let me add a ring to it
Since mr and mrs anderson just has a ring to it
She like 'why you act like that to me?
Then walk right back, mike jack to me?
Everytime we fall out I throw your ass out'
But you just end up boomeranging right back to me

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
I think you crazy, crazy
You need medication
You should calm down
You need meditation
Sending me a text with a hundred exclamations
About how I'm wrong without any explanation at a ll
Before you say another nigga next up
I should call the maid down cause I messed up
I gave you what you need
Even on those shopping sprees
I would throw you paper like extra extra (read all about it)
She said 'what if we reverse roles
And you was front row cheering at my first show
And a couple dollars later and some Louis vuitton clothes
I could fuck a couple niggas thinkin that you said I know
And since I had no feelings for them then it shouldn't hurt yours
And since you thought id never do it, it even hurt more
And I would lie about it but you found out from a source
Whos word was more truthful than yours'

[Verse 4: Suai]
I'm so glad I didn't ever pen it
Now you ain't got nothing with your stupid name in it
And if I would've did it I probably would've stay with you
Listening to the lies you were constantly telling
You did me all wrong
What would even make me wanna write you a song
So glad I moved on
Cause now I gotta new guy that's turning me on
And the big ballad strings about to get played
Pretty melody I wrote about to get sang
A song about his love is gonna see the light of day
Why? cause you made it that way
Yea you made it that way

[Hook]

[Produced by Mr. Porter]

[Verse 1]
I'm givin' mad love, I'm snugglin' hugs
Strugglin' thugs, smugglin' drugs
Jugglin' jobs, guzzlin' jugs
So here's a toast to federal checks
Hetero sex, unaffordable medical debts
We travel in packs, unravelin' facts
And gravel in cracks to find babblin' max, gafflin' tracks
I grapple an axe for them bafflin' acts
Of mysterious stab-in-the-backs who dabble in wax
Stealin' my art when I sculpt it
The culprit that stole shit'll end up with his skull split
Then I buried the hatchet, I carry the fat shit
Butter Fingers is here when it's necessary to scratch it
Baby, all I wanna do is swallow one or two
Smoke a little bit and follow one of you
Back home when the party ends
So tonight I'm droppin' naughty hints
To the finest women in the audience

[Hook]
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight
We don't want no one feelin' uptight
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
’Til the morning light
Hope that everyone's feelin' all right
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight
We don't want no one feelin' uptight
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
’Til the morning light
Hope that everyone's feelin' all right

[Verse 2]
Ayo, biters are like tarantulas, vandalous
Livin' as scandalous as a television evangelist
But I can handle this, I'm the rhyme biter, crime fighter
Caped crusader, takin' care of undeservin' limelighters
I think we live an era meant for me
Experimentally I found a way to spread the terror mentally
When I stumbled upon his resolution
By usin' a special fusion of chemical solution for this fresh illusion
You couldn't see me with binoculars
I'm armed like an octopus
Step on stage and you'll get socked and pushed
Talkin' that junk like you had Black Bart at your back
Come to battle me and you get smacked hard as you act
When I rep-a-resent it and will have a referee in it
Every minute, so when I win it you never resent it
I'm forever demented
Come up with funk, I'll never be scented
You got the point when I cleverly sent it

[Hook]
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight
We don't want no one feelin' uptight
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
’Til the morning light
Hope that everyone's feelin' all right
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight
We don't want no one feelin' uptight
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
’Til the morning light
Hope that everyone's feelin' all right

[Verse 3]
Eminem is headed skyward
For those who thought that I would
Make you bored and treat you like a piece of plywood
I've got miracle lyrical capability all in me
With the agility to escape a killer bee colony
So get your cameras and capture how miraculous
I rap for all you Draculas
And showed you all how wack you was
I meant it as a diss
‘Cause you don't posses the pizzazz of this
I'm hazardous enough already as it is
Without you addin' fuel to the fire, I'm cruel to the liar
Who fails to recognize my reign and hail rule to the sire
Clinical studies show that I'm cynical
There's no one who's identical
To my fresh and authentic flow
I'm sure the party people can agree
That I'm enchantin' rhythm romantically
Freakin' vocals so frantically
So throw your hands up in the atmosphere
And let them know the only party that was phat was here

[Hook]
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight
We don't want no one feelin' uptight
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
’Til the morning light
Hope that everyone's feelin' all right
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
We don't wanna fight
We don't want no one feelin' uptight
’Cause we came here to do this tonight
’Til the morning light
Hope that everyone's feelin' all right

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Somebody hit me the other day for a rendezvous
Was it the bitch that fucked the Goodie and the Dungeon Crew?
Let's say her name was Suzy Skrew 'cause she screwed a lot
Makin' a nigga hit that chonk at legitimate spots
Not no parks, backseats, or things of that nature
Had to hate ya, playa
I'm dickin' the ho down — never said I paid her
Straight laid her, slayed the bitch like Darth Vader, made her
From College Park and Fayette all the way down to Decatur
Like Jada, her wig was sharp and sporty — that was shawty
Safe as a snake on eggs in a Bimmer 840
It's foggy, I went to the crib to call her but she lost me
My baby mama beeped me, seven o'clock, it's gonna cost me
But I still wanna cut her, though — maybe she had to work?
I caught her in the mall, wearin' a real tight skirt
She was fine as fuck — I wanted to sex the ho up
She said, "Let's hit the parking lot so I can sick your duck"
I said, "Cool, I really wanted to cut you but this'll do
I gotta pick up my daughter, plus my baby mama beeped me, too"
She said she understood and everythin' was kosher
I gave her a Lil' Wil CD and a fuckin' poster
It's like that, now

[Chorus: Sleepy Brown & Big Boi]
It's like that, now
You better go on and get the hump up out your back now
It's about fo' or five cats off in my 'Lac now
We just shoot game in the form of story raps now (Yeah)
It's like that now, t's like that now

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Now Suzy Skrew had a partner named Sasha... Thumper
I remember her number like the summer
When her and Suzy, yeah, they threw a slumber
Party, but you can not call it that 'cause it was slummer
Well, it was more like spend the night
Three in the mornin', yawnin', dancin' under street lights
We chillin' like a villain, and a nigga feelin' right
In the middle of the ghetto on the curb, but in spite of all the bullshit
We on our back, starin' at the stars above (Aww, man)
Talkin' bout what we gonna be when we grow up (Mm)
I said, "What you wanna be?" She said, "Alive"
It made me think for a minute, then looked in her eyes
I coulda died, time went on, I got grown
Rhyme got strong, mind got blown
I came back home to find lil' Sasha was gone
Her mama said she with a nigga that be treatin' her wrong (Man)
I kept on singin' my song and hopin' at a show
That I would one day see her standin' in the front row
But two weeks later, she got found in the back of a school
With a needle in her arm, baby two months due
Sasha Thumper

[Chorus x2: Sleepy Brown & Big Boi]
It's like that now
You better go on and get the hump up out your back now
It's about fo' or five cats off in my 'Lac now
We just shoot game in the form of story raps now
It's like that now, it's like that now

[Outro]
Grandmama: Keisha, Keisha! Cut that loud mess off, you hear all that thunderin' and lightnin', and get off that telephone!
Keisha: Ugh, alright
Child 1: Grandmama, what’s all that noise?
Child 2: I’m scared
Grandmama: Baby, don’t be scared. It's gonna be alright. It’s just the Lord doin' His work, okay?

[Hook]
I've lived
Yes, I've lived the life that's full (Mm-mm-mm, mm)
I've traveled each and every highway
What more
Yes, much more than this
I did it my way

[Verse 1]
It go, "My way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway"
Shots'll lay you off on your day off, like Friday
The Roc got 'Ye, but they ain't snorting it
They just got him up at Baseline, recording shit
Yeah, I been broke—now I'm good, bitch
I ain't no Kennedy, but I'm hood-rich
So I say "my way" to thank you to the ghetto
And everybody else: Thank you very little
I took the road less traveled, the unbeaten path
I been beaten, but never broken through the darkest past
It's sort of like when King spoke and said, "We free at last"
Ain't nothing free from that point, though, we needed cash
And we need it fast
We broker than Ethiopians, just tryna eat at last
Now all the Blacks cooking up that almost-white
'Cause getting green make 'em treat us like we almost white
Almost

[Hook]
I've lived
Yes, I've lived the life that's full (Mm-mm-mm, mm)
I've traveled each and every highway
What more
Yes, much more than this
I did it my way

[Verse 2]
It go, "My way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway"
Niggas wanna diss K on they local mixtapes
There they go again, lying to consumers
Get they hair cut in the Little Shop of Rumors
You lil' sloppy with your cockiness, ain't ya?
A lil' arrogant with all your comparisons
'Cause as far as the Chi
I got the most plaques since the beginning of rap
But nah, y'all ain't mentioning that
Y'all just talk about my dough, how I left Chicago
How I'm the only one eating—shut your piehole!
And wanna figure out why I'm getting 'em high, though?
Why? 'Cause you need fire, and I'm a pyro!
And you a parrot, you copy what I do and say
Only difference between you and me—you a gay
"Awww, did he get his feelings hurt?"
"Nawww, he got titties under his shirt"

[Hook]
I've lived
Yes, I've lived the life that's full (Mm-mm-mm, mm)
I've traveled each and every highway
What more
Yes, much more than this
I did it my way

[Verse 3]
It go, "My way, Chi-Way, this way or the highway"
When you walk straight, niggas tend to look at you sideways
I say, "Fuck that, dog, I get my own way"
Niggas ain't believe me 'til they see me on TV
And seen K freely getting head on the freeway
Then pass her to Freeway just like it's a relay
We stay four-stars or better
'Cause the couches in the rooms got more leather
And we gon' flip Carter when we could afford better
And back before Benzes, when we could afford Jettas
You still dress Ardjo, but only pay partial
Stay getting something off lay-away at Marshall's
Polo and Carbeshers, we into them things, dog
Back in '96, we was living like kings, dog
Forty-cals or better, toting them things, dog
So up the Turkish mink and take them rings off

[Hook]
I've lived
Yes, I've lived the life that's full (Mm-mm-mm, mm)
I've traveled each and every highway
What more
Yes, much more than this
I did it my way

[Verse 1: MF DOOM]
Slow it down some, no split, clown bum
Your gold hits sound dumb, hold it now, crown 'em
Where you found them at?
Got 'em 'round town, could've drowned in it
Would have floated, bloated, voted
Sugar-coated, loaded hip shooter
Draw for the poor, free coffee at the banks
Hit through the straw, none more for me, thanks
That blanks the raw, that dank sure stank lit
Sank past the pit for more hardcore prank spit
Crank it on blast, roll past Front Street
Blew the whole spot like some old ass with skunk meat
These kids is too fast, juiced off a junk treat
Who could get looser off a crunk or a funk beat?

[Chorus: 2-D]
Something has started today
Where did it go? What you want it to be?
Well, you know November has come
When it's gone away
(Oh, what they say)
Something has started today
Where did it go? What you want it to be?
Well, you know November has come
When it's gone away

[Verse 2: MF DOOM]
Bah, can you dig it like a spigot?
My guess is yes, you can, like "Can I Kick It?" Wicked
Liquor shot if you happy and you know it
As you clap your hands to the thick snot of a poet flowin'
Grope a pen and I'm in cope hymen
Doper rhymin' more worther than the Hope Diamond
Acquired off the black market
A wire tappin' couldn't target a jar of spit
The rapid-fire spark lit
(Zzzt!) A rapper bug zapper
And it don't matter after if they's a thug or dapper
Plug your trap or it's maximum exposure
The beats got family members askin' him for closure
Aw, send 'em a gun and tell 'em, "Clean it"
Then go get the nun who said her son didn't mean it
She wore a filled-in thong of Billabong
That said, "Nah, fo'real-a, the Villain on a Gorilla jawn?"

[Chorus: 2-D]
Something has started today
Where did it go? What you want it to be?
Well, you know November has come
When it's gone away
Something has started today
Where did it go? What you want it to be?
Well, you know November has come
When it's gone away

[Outro: 2-D]
When it's
When it's gone away

[Bridge: Yasiin Bey]
Love, electricity, shockwave central
Power on the motherboard, yes
Push up, overload, legendary heavy glow
Sunshine, thunder roll, keep this on
Yes, the lantern burns firm and easy
And broadcast, so raw and neatly
Thunder roll, sunshine, work it out

[Refrain: 2-D]
Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the
Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the
Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the
Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the

[Verse 1: 2-D]
Oh, Stylo (juice)
Go for blossom in your soul
When you know your heart is light
Electric is the love
When the mako flies (it's the giant fish)
Up from the bottom in your eyes (as it leaps from the stream)
Then I'll know the twilight skies (blood curdles, it's a death throw)
Are not so broken hearted (hot from the end of the line)

[Chorus: Bobby Womack]
If it's love, it's electric
It'll be flowing on the streets
Night after night
Just to get through the week
Sometimes it's hard
Right now

[Verse 2: 2-D]
Sing yourself (juice)
Out of depression, rise above
All recession, if I know your heart
Electric is the love

[Verse 3: Bobby Womack & 2-D]
There's only one way (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
Let it play a little while longer (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
It's got a way of passing through man and woman (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
In another world, in another world, in a universe, oh! (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
Right now, here's what we've got to do

[Chorus: Bobby Womack & 2-D]
If it's love, it's electric (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
It'll be flowing on the streets (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
Night after night (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
Just to get through the week
Sometimes it's hard (Overload, overload, overload
Comin' on to the)
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout...

[Bridge: Yasiin Bey]
Love, electricity, shockwave central
Power on the motherboard, yes
Push up, overload, legendary heavy glow
Sunshine, thunder roll, keep this on
Yes, the lantern burns firm and easy
And broadcast, so raw and neatly
Thunder roll, sunshine, work it out

[Outro: Bobby Womack]
Right now!

[Intro]
Oh, my nigga, oh shit, cuz it's startin', aaaaight!

[Verse 1]
Wolf Gang be on that wrist split splatter
Snortin' coke pattern misfit'll hit Mick Jagger
Me and Jasper bangin' Bastard, beatin' midgets up with ladders nigga
Don't give a fuck, that's that Wolf Gang swagger
Don't give a shit so my dick fuck bladders in your ear
Radical shows that Wolf Gang's radder
With a staggerin' pack of cocaine in the sack of my dick
Where the lips of your teen daughter sits, bitch
Fuck Tyler, I'mma change my name to Uncle Phil
Cause every girl I deal and fuck, it's always against her Will
Dope enough to snort crack and sit the fuck still
In Nellyville's old folks home searchin' tip drills
Get my fill on with this grandmother named Jill
Takin' shots of poon juice to the head for a cheap thrill
Hopefully my dick don't shrivel up, when it's time to bust
In this rusty cunt, that won a cup in collectin' dust
Boogyin' with Jesus and a bunch of Nazi hoes
In the front row at a holy Justin Bieber show
Slowly my Ritalin is kickin' in and Jesus left hand
Begin to make me feel like a little kid again
This isn't rape, this is fuckin' without a condom on
Throw her slightly to the right, so dyke I'm kinda wrong
Wolves is out past dawn on your front lawn
Me and Juan ensurin' you that your slut daughter's gone
At the pawn shop, tryna sell this Baume watch
She's a white vegetarian, I'll get this blonde cock
Lip balm she's some nun bitch from St. John
Told her that her pastor was a faggot and he likes John
He's a janitor recreational rectum manager
I am not, let's consider me a little pecan
That'll get your chest nutted on with an acorn
They swore that I was all fuckin' nuts like a gay porn
Cause I disregard the white dress and the perm weave
And the headrest had to have about eight thorns
I was born back, Wolf pack, nigga fuck that
Somebody tell Satan that I want my fuckin' swag back

[Chorus]
Niggas know it's Wolf Gang, in the mall with
Thirty bitches, and they gorgeous
Wolf Gang, killing niggas, rabble rousers
And Wolf Gang running shit in dirty houses
Wolf Gang (Kill 'em all!)
Wolf Gang (We gotta kill 'em all!)
Wolf Gang (Kill 'em all!)
Wolf Gang, you better kill 'em

[Verse 2]
Box logo on my muthafuckin' chest
Left hand staggerin' on her muthafuckin' breast
Deep down, I'm an emo fuckin' faggot that's depressed
So the fuckin' school suggested me a therapist
I confessed bein' atheist, they said I was possessed
By a demon, cause I wanna see a bitch infested
With my semen and oppressed by my give a fuck less
Of the baby not bein' digested by a fuckin' hungry punk
Feedin' kids to slutty nuns with his cum
Got a fuckin' blog that needs a post? I can get it done
2DopeBoyz I know you like this
(Like what?) This hot cum that's from my dick
Call me a clown but a week from now
You're goin' to hear this and begin to ride on my dick
Like how the fuck did we miss this kid's shit
Oh yeah we're old as fuck, we didn't have our glasses
But fuck y'all, I don't need y'all help
I got 20 thousand views of French itself
And I did the video for really though
You silly rabbit faggot tricks are for kids so we go, Abracadabra

[Drake]
I forgot about you last night
For the first time in a long time I did
I was caught up in these drinks they keep on making
An amazing conversation
With this girl named Lorraine, who says she's from L.A
And keeps makin me laugh and even asks if she can pay
She could be good for me yeahh
That's when you text me
Tell me that you miss me, I forget about Lorraine
And the fact she's right here with me
She's starin' in my face, somethin had to change
Thought that all these feelings went away
Ohhh

[Hook]
I hate getting, messages from you, from you
It's like you know the perfect shit to say
Fucks up my whole day
I thought that all these feelings went away
I hate getting messages from you, from you
Especially when you say you should've stayed
Fucks up my whole day
I thought that all these feelings went away
Ohhh

[Bridge]
Ooh, I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do, I hate the shit you do
I hate the shit you do, I hate the shit you do
But I still text you back, say I miss you too

[Intro]
Sak pasé!

[Verse 1]
I didn't mean to end his life, I know it wasn't right
I can't even sleep at night, can't get it off my mind
I need to get out of sight 'fore I end up behind bars
What started out as a simple altercation
Turned into a real sticky situation
Me just thinking on the time that I'm facing
Makes me wanna cry

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause I didn't mean to hurt him
Coulda been somebody's son
And I took his heart when
I pulled out that gun
Rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum
Man down
Rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum
Man down

[Chorus]
Oh, mama, mama, mama
I just shot a man down
In Central Station
In front of a big ol' crowd
Oh, why?
Oh, why?
Oh, mama, mama, mama
I just shot a man down
In Central Station

[Verse 2]
It's a twenty-two, I call her Peggy Sue
When she fits right down in my shoes
What you expect me to do if you're playing me for a fool?
I will lose my cool and reach for my firearm
I didn't mean to lay him down
But it's too late to turn back now
Don't know what I was thinking
Now he's no longer living
So I'm 'bout to leave town, ayy-uh

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause I didn't mean to hurt him
Coulda been somebody's son
And I took his heart when
I pulled out that gun
Rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum
Man down
Rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum
Man down

[Chorus]
Oh, mama, mama, mama
I just shot a man down
In Central Station
In front of a big ol' crowd
Oh, why?
Oh, why?
Oh, mama, mama, mama
I just shot a man down (Would you hear me now?)
In Central Station

[Bridge]
Look, I'd never thought I'd do it
Never thought I'd do it
Never thought I'd do it, oh gosh
Whatever happened to me?
Ever happened to me?
Ever happened to me?
Why did I pull the trigger, pull the trigger
Pull the trigger, boom
And end a nigga, end a nigga life so soon?
When mi pull the trigger, pull the trigger
Pull it pon' you
Somebody tell me what I'm gonna, what I'm gonna do? Eh
Rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum
Mi say wah man down
A weh mi say
Rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum, rum-pum-pum-pum
When mi went downtown
'Cause now I am criminal, criminal, criminal
Oh Lord, oh mercy, now I am a criminal
Man down
Tell the judge please gimme minimal
Run outta town, none a dem can see mi now, see mi now

[Chorus]
Oh, mama, mama, mama
I just shot a man down
In Central Station
In front of a big ol' crowd
Oh, why?
Oh, why?
Oh, mama, mama, mama
I just shot a man down
In Central Station

[Hook: Tyler the Creator]
Cut it short, break it down, couple pounds, roll it up
Add heat, kiss the end, let the colored vapors in
Pass it round, counter-clock, let her show her titties, stop
Cops rolling past, rolling papers in the passenger
Then swag it out, ounces then bags is out
Bitches and they asses out, money counting, cotton mouth
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga

[Verse 1]
My swagger's straight through the roof, bitch
Maharishi kicks and Bape Tee's I really do this
Snapping necks since '05, ain't gotta prove shit
Smoking joints with mixed breed bitches, right where the pool is
I never press, just relax, don't start choosing
Taking notes on how to win, fucking students
Left my main chick, now the new bitches I'm scooping
Stacey Dash type, I'm cheating and they clueless
I'm from the gang or the pack or the litter
Better guard your daughter or your mother or your sister
Chances are she is an avid OF listener
And when we exit she will proceed to exit with us
To the Homestead Suites to drink liquor
Party all night, it's her dream to be with us
She'll tae kwon do anything that we mentioned
Just because she know that we the Wolf Gang niggas

[Hook: Tyler the Creator]
Cut it short, break it down, couple pounds, roll it up
Add heat, kiss the end, let the colored vapors in
Pass it round, counter-clock, let her show her titties, stop
Cops rolling past, rolling papers in the passenger
Then swag it out, ounces then bags is out
Bitches and they asses out, money counting, cotton mouth
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga

[Verse 2]
I kept it G, kept the good weed fired up
It's been a good year, record labels wanna hire us
But OF just chilling, let the fuckers admire us
My shit's so swift, I could gang Miley Cyrus up
But if she ain't gonna smoke it ain't gon' happen
Ice water cold, I'm the coldest nigga rapping
Y'all was cool in high school, what the fuck happened?
Still low like Laurel parking ticket is, I'm dashing
Are they gon' pay us and will they make it rain? Yup
Ignorant as fuck, but I swear I won't change up
That's a bad call, bitches catch fastballs
Smack 'em out the park, delete their number, that's my last call

[Hook: Tyler the Creator]
Cut it short, break it down, couple pounds, roll it up
Add heat, kiss the end, let the colored vapors in
Pass it round, counter-clock, let her show her titties, stop
Cops rolling past, rolling papers in the passenger
Then swag it out, ounces then bags is out
Bitches and they asses out, money counting, cotton mouth
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga

[Intro: Andy & John Waters]
Haha, yeah
Hi, I'm John Waters, and this is the Creep

[Hook: The Lonely Island]
When you’re out at a club and you see a fly girl
Do the Creep (ha)
Do the Creep (ha)
And if you wanna make friends at the ATM
Do the Creep (ha)
And do the Creep (ha)

[Verse 1: Andy & Akiva]
Well, we got a new dance, so get up on your feet
It’s real easy to do and it’s called the Creep
Let your hands flop around, like a marionette
Pop your knees up and down, sh-sh-shakin’ your neck
Now pull your waistband up like you expecting a flood
And stick your hair down flat like it was covered in mud
Trim up your pencil mustache and pop them peepers
Put this in your speakers, you a certified creeper

[Hook: The Lonely Island]
When you see a country peach laying out at the beach
Do the Creep (ha)
And do the Creep (ha)
And when a fine PYT walks in front of your tree
Do the Creep (ooh)
And do the Creep (ha)

[Verse 2: Andy & Akiva]
I was six years old when I started creeping
My parents took it to their room and I started peeping
You can imagine their surprise when they lifted their heads
And saw my little ass creeping at the foot of the bed
And they knew I was a creep since the day I was born
Get popping out my momma like some kettle corn
And the doctor caught my head and he starting freaking
Cause I came out clean and I came out creeping

[Interlude: The Lonely Island & Nicki Minaj]
Nicki (uh), Nicki (uh huh)
Nicki, Nicki, Nicki, Nicki (yeah)

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj & The Lonely Island]
When I was a girl, I creeped in the boys' locker room
Hide deep inside, it was my little creep stalker room
As they disrobed, I was oogling and oggling
Little did they know that for me, they were modeling
And I would laugh: ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
And they would dance: la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
So pop your peepers and squeak out your sneakers
Don’t sleep, come on, get your creep on with me

[Hook: The Lonely Island & Nicki Minaj]
Go on and get you sweating off the bride at her wedding
Do the Creep (ha)
And do the Creep (ha)
But when you sneak into a wake and you see a beefcake
Do the Creep (ooh)
And do the creep (ha)
When the judge is a hottie and you can’t control your body
Do the Creep (ha)
And do the Creep (ha)
So get your knees flexin’ and your arms T-Rexin’
And creep, haha (ha)
Do the Creep (ha)

[Outro: John Waters]
And don’t forget to smile

[Verse 1: André 3000]
There's a— there's a— there's a— there's a fine line
It's too late to pray that I'm on it, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yo, yo, uh-huh)
There's a fine line between love and hate, you see
Came way too late but, baby, I'm on it
There's a fine line between love and hate, you see
Came way too late but, baby, I'm on it
Can't worry 'bout what a nigga think, now see
That's liberation and, baby, I want it
Can't worry 'bout what another nigga think
Now that's liberation and, baby, I want it

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Lemme hear it, lemme hear it, lemme though, lemme hear it
How many times I sit back and contemplate?
I'm fresh off the dank but I'm tellin' my story
My relationship with my folks is give-and-take
And I done took so much, now give me my glory
To have a choice to be who you wants to be
It's left up-a to me and my momma n'em told me (Yes, she did)
I say, to have a choice to be who you wants to be
It's left up-a to me and my momma n'em told me

[Verse 3: Cee-Lo Green]
No, no, no (Ah)
I'm so tired, it's been so long struggling hopelessly
Seven and forty days (Hey)
Oh, I sacrifice every breath I breathe
To make you believe I'd give my life away
Oh, Lord, I'm so tired, I'm so tired (Tired)
My feet feel like I walked most of the road on my own (Own)
All on my own (Yeah)
We alive but we ain't livin', that's why I'm givin' until it's gone
'Cause I don't wanna be alone (I don't wanna be alone)
I don't wanna be alone (Yeah) (No, no, no)
If there's anything I can say to help you find your way
Touch your soul, make it whole, the same for you and I
There's not a minute that goes by that I don't believe we could fly
But I can feel it in the wind, beginning or the end
But people, keep your head to the sky

[Bridge: Erykah Badu]
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off
Shake that load off, shake that load off

[Verse 4: Erykah Badu]
Folk in your face, you're a superstar
Niggas hang around cause of who you are
You get a lot of love cause of what you got
Say they happy for you but they really not
Sell a lot of records and you roll a Benz
Swoll up in the spot, now you losing friends
All you wanna do is give the world your heart
Record label tried to make you compromise your art
You make a million dollars, make a million mo'
First class broad treat you like a nigga po'
You wanna say "Wait!" but you're scared to ask
As your world starts spinning and it's moving fast
Tryin' to stay sane is the price of fame
Spending your life trying to numb the pain
You shake that load off and sing your song
Liberate the minds, then you go on home

[Verse 5: Big Rube]
I must admit, they planted a lot of things
In the brains and the veins of my strain
Makes it hard to refrain, from the host of cocaine
From them whores, from the flame
From a post in the game
Makes it hard to maintain focus
They're from the Glock rounds, and lockdowns, and burials
The seeds that sow, get devoured by the same locusts
Cause it's a hard row to ho
If your ass don't move, and the rain don't fall
And the ground just dry
But the roots are strong, so some survive
So you're surprised, now I'm bustin cries
You got more juice than Zeus
Slangin lightnin tryin to frighten
Plains dwellers, of the Serengeti
But get beheaded when you falsely dreaded
Melanin silicon and collagen injected
Dissectin my pride, fool I don't wanna get it started
We be the lionhearted, without infanticide
It's like that red sprite, you can't imagine it
Unless you lookin at the canvas of life
And not through the peephole of mortality
Single minded mentality
Gettin over on loopholes
Gettin paid two-fold on technicalities
Clickin your heels, scared to voice how you feel
Packing steel
Pickin cotton from the killing fields with no toe, though
I don't think we in Kansas no mo' though
Midwest or Dirty South
Clean dressed or dirty mouth
Whether robbin preachers or killin Poor Righteous Teachers
You a scared demon
Shouldn't be allowed to spread semen
And you cowardly lions never defyin the jackals of Babel
Runnin with they pack, tail between your legs
Though the mane on your head say the story
As you downplay your glory
Cacklin, helpin the shacklin of your brethren happening
Just by rappin'
Libertad

[Chorus]
I got this money, baby, I wanna spend it on you
I got this Sunday, baby, I wanna spend it with you
We can do what you like, I promise then, I'll be true
I got this money, baby, I wanna spend it on you, oh

[Verse 1]
I don't really know where to go, don't know where to hide
Everywhere that I go, you'll be right by my side
You're the only girl that I have ever dreamed of
I wanna tell you everything, but everything just seems dumb

[Pre-Chorus]
I kinda like you, girl, really wanna dress you up
I wanna buy you for real
I kinda like you, girl, really wanna feel you up
I wanna feel you for real

[Chorus]
I got this money, baby, I wanna spend it on you
I got this Sunday, baby, I wanna spend it with you
We can do what you like, I promise then, I'll be true
I got this money, baby, I wanna spend it on you, oh

[Verse 2]
I got an upstairs, downstairs in my loft
Check the mixtape, baby, I don't talk
Yes, I run this shit, like it's hard to walk
And you think that I'm dope, like a mound of chalk
I'm recession proof, I work to relax, ho
Weird voice catch beef like a lasso
New fresh prince, you can chill in my castle
Spit real shit, so I must be an asshole, right?
Nah, that's why I'm makin' out in your car
These blogs are a dude's A&R
Got a big tip for these girls at the bar
But I don't mean money
Ever since the money, they just treat me funny
Girls look good, she can take green from me
Ain't trickin' if you got it, know what I mean, buddy?

[Bridge]
You've got your yellow sun dress on
I'm tryna write you the best song
With your Wayfarer shades, you drive me insane
I wanna hold hands, and call you pet names

[Pre-Chorus]
I kinda like you, girl, really wanna dress you up
I wanna buy you for real
I kinda like you, girl, really wanna feel you up
I wanna feel you for real

[Chorus]
I got this money, baby, I wanna spend it on you
I got this Sunday, baby, I wanna spend it with you
We can do what you like, I promise then, I'll be true
I got this money, baby, I wanna spend it on you, oh

[Intro]
Ayo, yo, y'all can't stand right here
In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare
Loud enough to burst his right eardrum, close-range
The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange

[Chorus]
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times

[Verse 1]
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, electromagnetic field it blocks all logic, Spock
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slid into the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U's was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money

[Chorus]
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times

[Verse 2]
Better rhymes make for better songs, it matters not
If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along
Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks
Got get-back, connects wet-back, get stacks
Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe
To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro
This fly flow take practice like Tae Bo with Billy Blanks
"Oh, you're too kind!" "Really? Thanks!"
To the gone and lost forever like "Oh My Darling Clementine"
He hold his heart when he telling rhyme
When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven
He nasty like the old time Old No. 7
You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola
Make 'em wish they could erase it out the Motorola
I told her, "No credit for a bag
If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gack"
Only in America could you find a way to earn a healthy buck
And still keep your attitude on self-destruct

[Chorus]
I sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times

[Verse 3]
Joking rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick
Classical slapstick rappers need Chapstick
A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show
So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo
Tally-ho! A high Joker like a Spades game
Came back from five years laying and stayed the same
Saying, "Electromagnetic feeling blocks all logical, Spock"
And G-Shocks her biological clock
When I hit it, slit her to the shitter,  thought I killed her goose
Her Power U was pure Brita water filter juice
Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe with him
Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write with him
Never seen the shit again but he's still my dunny
The only thing that come between us is krill and money

[Chorus]
We sell rhymes like dimes
The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times

[Bridge: Sample]
"In your arms tonight
She'll reflect
That she owes you the sweetest of debts
If she wants to pay"

[Outro: Cucumber Slice]
Check it out, y'all! Ya don't stop! Keep on, to the sure shot!
Huh-ha! What the deal, god? Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh!
Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness
The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF DOOM!
Ha ha ha ha! Yeah!
Rock-shocking the house, with another nugget
Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee!
Yeah! Yeah!
Regulation status, right here
Fondle 'Em Recordings, 1999
Yeah!
Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records?
I don't know! Yeah! Woo! Yeah!
Mashed potatoes!
Apple sauce!
Buttery... biscuits!
And I get lost
A yes, yes, yes, yes y'all
You don't stop
Keep on, a' to the break-a-dawn
Say what?
Uh!
Yeah!
You thought it all was over!
You thought the song was over!
Ah! We tricked you! We tricked you!
Ha ha ha ha... Woo!
You listening to www  dot hairline dot com
MF DOOM, Kool Bob Love...

[Verse 1]
It's close to midnight
Something evil's lurking in the dark
Under the moonlight
You see a sight that almost stops your heart
You try to scream
But terror takes the sound before you make it
You start to freeze
As horror looks you right between the eyes
You're paralyzed

[Chorus]
'Cause this is thriller, thriller night
And no one's gonna save you
From the beast about to strike
You know it's thriller, thriller night
You're fighting for your life inside a killer
Thriller tonight, yeah
Ooh

[Verse 2]
You hear the door slam
And realize there's nowhere left to run
You feel the cold hand
And wonder if you'll ever see the sun
You close your eyes
And hope that this is just imagination (Girl)
But all the while
You hear a creature creeping up behind
You're out of time

[Chorus]
'Cause this is thriller, thriller night
There ain't no second chance
Against the thing with forty eyes, girl
Thriller (Ooh), thriller night
You're fighting for your life
Inside a killer, thriller tonight

[Bridge]
Night creatures call
And the dead start to walk in their masquerade
There's no escaping the jaws of the alien this time
They're open wide
This is the end of your life, ooh

[Verse 3]
They're out to get you
There's demons closing in on every side (Ooh)
They will possess you
Unless you change that number on your dial
Now is the time
For you and I to cuddle close together, yeah
All through the night
I'll save you from the terror on the screen
I'll make you see

[Chorus]
That this is thriller, thriller night
'Cause I can thrill you more
Than any ghoul would ever dare try
Thriller (Ooh), thriller night
So let me hold you tight
And share a killer, thriller, chiller
Thriller, here tonight
'Cause this is thriller, thriller night
Girl, I can thrill you more
Than any ghoul would ever dare try
Thriller (Ooh), thriller night
So let me hold you tight
And share a killer, thriller (Ow!)

[Outro: Vincent Price & Michael Jackson]
I'm gonna thrill you tonight
Darkness falls across the land
The midnight hour is close at hand
Creatures crawl in search of blood
To terrorize y'all's neighborhood (I'm gonna thrill you tonight)
And whosoever shall be found
Without the soul for getting down
Must stand and face the hounds of hell
And rot inside a corpse's shell
I'm gonna thrill you tonight
Thriller, ooh, babe (Thriller)
I'm gonna thrill you tonight (Thriller night)
Thriller, oh, darling (Oh, baby)
I'm gonna thrill you tonight (Thriller)
Ooh, babe (Thriller night)
I'm gonna thrill you tonight (Thriller)
Oh, darling (Oh, baby)
Thriller night, babe (Thriller night, babe)
Ooh
The foulest stench is in the air
The funk of forty thousand years (Thriller night, thriller)
And grisly ghouls from every tomb
Are closing in to seal your doom
And though you fight to stay alive
Your body starts to shiver (I'm gonna thrill you tonight)
For no mere mortal can resist
The evil of the thriller!
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

[Intro: Trey Songz]
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement

[Verse 1: Drake & Trey Songz]
Let me show you what it is
I was birthed up top but was raised at the bottom of the map
Where the girls all thick and the hottest niggas rap
If you lookin' for the good then we got 'em in the trap like, ooh wee
Took 'em from white sneaks to Louis
This metaphor might sound a little confusin' but
Y'all don't really know me if you know me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I done come all way from the Days Inn
And all the hotels that I stayed in
And I took my lifestyle from mediocre to good
And now I say it's sittin' at amazin'
Girls tryna SoHo lobby us
Hear 'em all screamin' then it's probably us
But I can't blame females
Females can't really ignore somethin' this obvious
What you really expect when I strut through town?
Two or three days, I shut you down
Chilin' with the homie Trey Songz
You call him the prince, he rep two up, two down
Anyone I know get used to me
I'm far from the man that I used to be
And I don't ever really kick game
I know you find it impressive whenever you introduced to me
'Cause I'm a good dude who take pride in that
Need good lovin' I'm providin' that
Understand that I'm worldwide, you get it how you want it wherever you be residin' at
'Cause I do things from the M-town
To the UK and from Spain back out to Texas
This album's for my fans, but, yo, this hook is for my exes

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
This one is for you girl, you know who you are girl
You only show your face 'cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you tryna to make it, don't ever mistake it
Girl, my time is limited and I ain't tryna waste it all on you
You had a chance, now it's gone, gone for you
Oh, you had a man now you don't, now you don't
Back to the basics, I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl

[Verse 2: Trey Songz]
Ain't ya never seen a youngin' so fly? (Probably not)
Lookin' for someone your type
I done left behind the love of my life (She gone)
Tryna find another one tonight
And if it's you baby, let yourself be seen
Don't matter skirts, dresses or jeans
I got that work, know what I mean
And I'm flexin' on my ex if you know what I mean

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
This one is for you girl, you know who you are girl
You only show your face 'cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you tryna to make it, don't ever mistake it
Girl, my time is limited and I ain't tryna waste it all on you
You had a chance, now it's gone, gone for you
Oh, you had a man now you don't
Back to the basics, I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl

[Verse 3: Drake]
With the other dudes she get picked for some take out
Until they slip up and then they break out
But it's another story over here at Drake's house
'Cause I'm dripped up and I'm draped out
And I'm leaned back, scopin'
Lookin' for a woman that I should wife
Who got just the right amount of loyalty
Yeah but is still anticipatin' us livin' the good life
We go LA, VA, NY, TO
Sunshine and that heatstroke
And them fur hoods in that deep snow
We have breakfast in the bedroom
Break bread downstairs in the basement
Since Jay and Kellz ain't doin' they thing no more
Guess me and the boy Songz the replacement

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
This one is for you girl, you know who you are girl
You only show your face 'cause you know that I'm a star girl
What you tryna to make it, don't ever mistake it
Girl, my time is limited and I ain't tryna waste it all on you
You had a chance, now it's gone, gone for you
Oh, you had a man now you don't , now you don’t
Back to the basics, I think I made it
Ladies make some noise if you wanna be my replacement girl

[Outro: Trey Songz]
Let's go

[Intro: Big Rube]
Conceive true deception multiplied a million fold
Visualize the yin and yang in a battle so intense
That we get em confused
The resident evil specialize in misconstruing
We wanna be at a presidential level—what are we doing?
Fooling ourselves, clowning ourselves, playing ourselves
By not being ourselves
We can't babble no more than we can bob our head offbeat
Nimrod by the time we forty cause we can't get off meat
While we ask no reason for the misplacement of the season
Look at the picture that's painted
Tainted as the mind who's blinded to the point
Where Sodomites get all the rights
We fall for fights with fisticuffs
Get pissed enough to miss the bus
It disgusts me to see my folks run up on
I say stand upon this section of time marked Revelations
And recognize this mind-numbing reality of horror
Known as mankind
Jesus and his twelve disciples make thirteen
A righteous number of righteous men
Even Judas the Betrayer came true in the end
The Devil say the end is the beginning
They teach that we were the product of incest
Invest no level of self into their system of Paganomics
Stand with us and don't look back upon it
Just face this mindstate
Otherwise Babylon

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Like memories of yesterday

"Ninety-six gonna be that year"...
"Ninety-six gonna be that year"...
"Ninety-six gonna be that year"...
"Ninety-six gonna be that year"...

[Verse 1: André 3000]
I bet you never heard of a playa with no game
Told the truth to get what I want, but shot it with no shame
Take this music dead serious while others entertain
I see they're making their paper so I guess I can't complain
Or can I? I feel they're disrespecting the whole thang
Them hooks like selling dope to black folks
And I choke when the food they serving ain't tasting right
My stomach can't digest it even when I bless it
I'm confessing one more lesson from the South, we in the house tonight
Now hootie who wants to oppose? Suppose
We rolls through Headland and Delowe
Where me and my niggas would pass the flow
And got down for ours like hind catchers
My mind catches flashbacks to the black past
While mind close niggas laugh at
The Southern slang, finger waves and Mojo chicken wangs
I grew up on booty shake we did not know no better thang
So go 'head and, diss it, while real hop-hippers listen
Started by Afrika Bambaata, so you and your partner
Gather your thoughts

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Uhh, born Antwan Patton but my partners they call me Big Boi
It's the nigga the B-I-G, be speaking the truth not talking that shit boy
I'm thinking of checking my traps and busting my raps
And throwing them craps
7 Eleven is no convenience, you pumping your gas but watching your back
For the robbing crew; thinking they're robbing you, you must be cautious
To staying up on your game and pimping these crows, you must be flawless
Like Mortal Kombat, but fucking these wombats got you dizzy
My nigga you know if I wanna be playin
But runnin up on me like you miss me
You catching the wrong vibe, packing your shit and rolling your eyes back
Flexin up on the corner tossin your dice and rollin your Cadillac
But man it seems I'm reaching out and touching the wrong nigga
Don't expect it to be pimping get your index off the trigger
As we bust, us, we leavin em in the dust
So keep that caine up out of your nose
I said my piece and then I hush
As the calendar keeps flippin', niggas dippin'

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Verse 3: André 3000]
Our dearly beloved, we are gathered like soap is to lather we come clean
Some issues need to be addressed like envelopes I mean
Oh, like Liberty Bells, yes them bullets keep on ringing
On fire like the Georgia Mass Choir, we keep on sanging
Bringing our folks closer together cause they severed us from the get green
Light and we ain't gon' stop until we hit the big screen
Psych, because no one is free when others are oppressed
So, we hit the stage and then we fly back to our nest
Growing old

[Verse 4: Big Boi]
Like some eagles, people don't understand
Just like their parents don't be caring
I'm speaking bout you playing with that phony stuff you sharing
In your raps Mercedes Benz and all your riches
Thinking you got it but get it, get it but you ain't pimping no bitches
'Cause you flauging; falling like leaves into driveways
Isn't it lovely smoking good and sloppy head on highways
Fridays are tight but Saturday just makes it old
Winter nights are hot warm enough to feed your soul
Growing old

[Hook: Debra Killings]
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turn my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday

[Outro: André 3000]
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
See all them leaves must fall down, growing old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow-brown
Autumn caught em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old

[Intro]
Aw, nigga thought he killed me?
Alright, that's cool, we'll see

[Verse 1]
Strict top of the crop shit
Crushin' muthafuckas like moths in a mosh pit
Dollar cents since shit, sense I ain't lost it
It's in a fuckin' jar with guitar picks and bar spit
Bar spat, past tense, warriors of radness
Fuck lame, get it through your brain like dad's dick
Go ahead, stab a friend, tell him that I'm back, bitch
Earl leave bastards with milkiest asses
Take a firm standin', nine on the tracklist
Earl half the reason the reviews fantastic
Niggas gettin' comfy on the couch, I ain't havin' it
Kickin' gluteus maximus, killin' niggas on accident

[Hook]
Just watch, I'mma kill 'em all
Just watch, I'mma kill 'em all
Just watch, I'mma kill 'em all
Just watch, off 'em!

[Verse 2]
Off 'em, no off days, no debates, bitch
Box logo switchblade, and cocaine
In my back pocket, take Jade on vacation
The hotel switch from Heartbreak to Bates quick
Rippin' out braids with bare hands amazes
The crowd go crazy, hands raised, I'm laced with
Swag by the eighth in case you wanna taste it
Faggots wear Prada, Satan wears RMK shit
Hell's angel, crack Christ 'cross the face
With erasers and use Based God as his replacement
Super Saiyan with ruthless slayings
Eat puss, sweet puss got my tooth decayin'

[Hook]
Just watch, I'mma kill 'em all
Just watch, I'mma kill 'em all
Just watch, I'mma kill 'em all
Just watch, off 'em!

[Verse 3]
Now pan the cameras back to me and Pamela's
Amateur threesome with Hannah Montana's manager
And Miley feedin' me sandwiches for my stamina
And Santa's in the back laughin' cause my back's crampin' up
Mrs. Claus trippin' balls, think she had enough
And by enough I mean we dope as fuck, she had a gram of us
Flyer than your man because I'm lampin' up
At the airport smokin' hash with all the fuckin' baggage handlers
Flowin' like the mothafuckin' aqueducts
Odd Future Wolf Gang, fag damagers, bitch, eat a dick
(Verse One: Lupe Fiasco)

As I gently pull up on the scene
I feel like ammunition for a sling shot
I'm trying to get triple sevens on my slot machine
And knuckle up with time like a ring watch
With no wings, hustle man, sitting in rubber band
A Dennis the Menace's weapon of choice with the windows of his soul
Dead intended on the tinted windows of a Rolls
Broken glass on the driver's seat of a Royce
Now how am I supposed to sit for Mister Wilson Drop a dime
Before another penny is spent on this game
Before I cough up the cost and invest another thought
I walk without my bucket of change
But I'm poor, materially speaking so
I can't be leaving this casino, with less than a c-note
Even if it takes a grand to get it I ride
Just to see that my Sedan has been vandalized

(Hook: Lupe Fiasco)
Game time, don't get caught up in the magic keep your brain right
Cause things ain't what they seem like
It don't matter what they say just get the name right
Now that's L as in little, and U as opposite of me
And P as in Pistol and E as in...E
Now players say that boy walking like a man
Treat you like you fam' and talking like a G

(Verse Two: Lupe Fiasco)

Now this is art, taylor made
Sharp, wrists'll kill razor blades
I do my part, chill like barber of Seville
Homie, it's like I'm paid to fade
Turn around and pay my dues with the wages made
Then I tip like what a waitress paid
I'm a ghetto super star
Hand prints chillin' and my name written where the pavement lay
Turn around and place my shoes where the name engraved
Then my game is played, 'till I'm rain delayed
Now thats my zone, far from an actor homes
Like a star map, this a G talking like Sesame Street
Referee the beats that I'm rapping on
They trying to de-rail my train of thought
But I'm Bruce Willis, ya'll don't feel it
While you break yourself like a car jack
This is hard black, like where my palms at
(Hook)

(Verse Three: Lupe Fiasco)
Now back to my scrap with time
My tat with the tickin', I make my fists
Wrap my wrist, leave the ring on, I could never get enough
Punch my clock
Clock my grip
Niggas tryin' to pull my card, stop my shift
Shift me to that graveyard and knock my hustle
They hope I Domino and free up my delivery
And at the same time mark my magnificence
I'm just trying to do the opposite of left
As long as there is the opposite of death
You test, and I might just bring the opposite of life
Till there's no one the opposite of right
Check!
As you bop down writer's block and can't find it...
I address, I correct
You a dress, I'm a pair of pants
I'm a Motorola, you just a pair of cans
Couple Coca Colas and a string
Playa I'm 'bout my green like Martian's skin
A sinner on a side-walk
They Wavin' to from the floats in a parade
The Saint's Go Marchin' In

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Young desperado, straight out the grotto
I'm so bad, my shadow chooses not to follow
Little nigga, but see me as a fuckin' rhino
Lil Weezy hit this bitch like Rocky Marciano
It's a drought ain't it? How the fuck would I know?
Nigga, I've been getting my share in like Sonny Bono
I ran the streets... check my bio
I started high with two O's just like Ohio
I'm fuckin' nuts; cashews
But I'm so DC like fat shoes
I skate away, like "Later dudes"
Never get caught, baby, I'm mashed potato smooth
And just when it stopped, I made it move
Respect me nigga I'm a dog; no Asian food
I wet up the party, so have a bathin' suit
And daisy dukes you bitch ass nigga

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Keep talking that shit that you talking
And we gone have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... keep talking that shit that you talking
And we gone have to get into some gangsta shit
My nigga... Cause you ain't really even 'bout all that
You ain't really even 'bout all that
And don't you forget.. I know ya, you ain't 'bout all that
You ain't never been about all that... fall back

[Verse 2: Fat Joe]
Niggas must want Joey to lean on 'em
Flash the binky, splash his dreams on 'em
Let 'em sleep on it, it's nothing to Crack
Lay the murder game down back to hustlin' packs
Yeah Weezy homie's got your back, whether raps or macks
Either way they both spit like BRRRRAT!
Nigga... them muhfuckas is broke like them levees
And we done sold so much dope ain't shit you tell me
Nigga... how you want it huh coke or dog food?
My shit'll have you running naked like in Old School
And yeah we 'bout it 'bout it, and you ain't ridin' on me
Unless ya got a whole fuckin' suicidal army
And I'm a rider homie, and you can find it on me
That 40 cal'll get your shirt picture ironed on it
This shit is funny to me
All these niggas wanting war but they runnin' from me... Crack!

[Hook - Lil Wayne]

[Verse 3: Birdman]
I had 'em as lil' niggas, raised 'em 'round real niggas
Poppin' bottles fuckin' with them bitches nigga
Made money to the ceiling, me and my young nigga chilling
I'm in the streets, hustling, getting money nigga
Changed all my new shoes nigga, got some new tools
Nigga got some more jewels, we was getting money
And ain't nothing ever changed, still doing the thang
Still getting money, still spending change
We hustling from Sunday to Sunday
And we grinding everyday like the money ain't coming
Nigga... yeah we riding woodgrains and minks
Got the dope in the Hummer cold case for that thing
I hate the law for what they done did they broke in niggas cribs
Wish I woulda caught 'em Idda split they fuckin' wig
3rd Ward let me claim my fame
I put it down, Uptown, I'mma do my thang believe that

[Hook: Lil Wayne]

[Refrain]
Yeah yeah yeah, I got army guns
Yeah yeah yeah, I-I-I got army guns
Yeah yeah yeah, I-I-I-I got army guns
Yeah yeah yeah, I-I-I-I-I got army guns
Now you know I play it like a pro in the game x4

[Verse 1]
Okay, I'm out here, you niggas done started it, you ordered it
Bullet find a home in ya arteries, pardon me
But them niggas won't touch not a part of me, bet on it
Them niggas belong in a sorority, ain't that a bitch
Burn they bodies up for the authorities, no evidence
You gone stop fuckin' with them warriors from New Orleans
And, I really think that it'd be better if
I just hit your block with that beretta and hop out and let her rip
Let her bang, let her bust, etcetera, etcetera
You niggas is scared of the, southern part of America
Here it come, got a gun, never come without one
Niggas wanna ball, so I guess I gotta bounce 'em
Smokin' on an ounce of that shit from the mountains
People say I need to stop, no I need a counselor
And down here you are gonna need a chopper
And I'mma need a lawyer, and you gon' need a doctor (Why? Because...)

[Refrain]

[Verse 2]
Get at em we hit 'em up if they rattin'
Niggas ain't fuckin' with the boy them niggas softer than satin
I'm feeling awful and aggy, yes I walk with the maggy
I tell him park in a alley, and leave 'em parked in the alley
Niggas talking about me, but they ain't talking it at me
Cause if they talkin' it at me, then I'm just talking to caskets
All that talking is pussy bitch you better make ya words strong
Cause the shit gettin' chiseled on ya tombstone
What they do I got a chopper in the UHaul
Make a real nigga bring it back to '92 dog
Bring his ass to the river drop the fool off
Hope he can swim with them concrete shoes on
I got the gun right beside me who don't
Got beef homie I was just getting hungry
When you come bitch you better bring an army
We can do it in the streets and throw a gansgta party nigga (Why? Because...)

[Refrain]

[Verse 3]
Thirty shots in the clip, nigga let's trip
Line 'em up, put 'em down on the guest list
These niggas 'bout to make me go Rambo
I'mma take the shit as far as it can go
War is the answer if ya questioning the general
Snap shots at you baby you are just a centerfold
And less Kenny Cole, niggas seem plenty bold
Pull that bitch out alright don't make me get my fishin' pole
Them niggas hoes, really doe
I would swing down there with any O, Forty-Fo' and let 'em go
Let 'em know, that I ain't never been sweet and won't be
Yes I'll be right here on the ground when you want me
Make a nigga have to come back like Rufus Mack
Thomas bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact
And I ain't never killed no one, Jack
But I'm honest bitch I promise I'll kill ya and that's a fact (Why? Because...)

[Refrain]

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
Ever since I was a little younger
I always had a ryhme that I flung up
Any situation that you brung up
Black Eyed Peas will shake a party like thunder
Now everybody wanna ask and wonder
How the Black Eyed Peas took it from the under
From the bottom to the top
Now we make your body rock
Mutha (Hey!) don't sit and ponder
Cause we come with no bloops no blunders
We keep it fat like Attila the Hun-a
Latin ladies by like ay caramba
We caliente like you chilling in the summer

[Chorus: will.i.am]
We gave you something now you gonna ask for some more
But no brother you ain't gonna get no more
And I know you really like this audio delite
Cause my drum goes dum diddy dum-a (check it out)
One-time-for-ya-mind, two's for your soul
Three's for your body, and four's for the ambience
Check it out cause this is how it go

[Verse 2: will.i.am]
I'm sick with the rhyme, I'm infected
Since '95 the BEP's perfected
The way we get down on the record
We comin' up with heat that's not expected
You can't, you can't, you can't help but check it
We stand out like chubby people in checkers
We coming hectic and hyper, aiming like a sniper
And when I rock the mic you'll respect me
You respect it cause you know I'm known to kill it
I make it, make it, make it, make it hotter than a skillet
Yeah, and I know you goin' feel it
Black Eyed Peas we do it we're the realest

[Chorus: will.i.am]
We gave you something now you gonna ask for some more
But no brother you ain't gonna get no more
And I know you really like this audio delite
Cause my drum goes dum diddy dum-a (check it out)
One-time-for-ya-mind, two's for your soul
Three's for your body, and four's for the ambience
Check it out cause this is how it go

[Verse 3: apl.de.ap]
My faith will never fall
Forever remain myself after all
Gainin' fame, mass appeal, entertainin' y'all
Never change or conform, we always rock it raw
I remember when we used to bust at the mall
Ways of expressin' my love for the art
Now we here to restore these rap laws
Cause the way it is now is not the way I saw
So check it, I'mma do it like this
So y'all could recite this hip hop anthem once more
I won't let the mic rest, you won't catch me rhyme-less
No matter what the future got in store

[Chorus: will.i.am]
We gave you something now you gonna ask for some more
But no brother you ain't gonna get no more
And I know you really like this audio delite
Cause my drum goes dum diddy dum-a (check it out)
One-time-for-ya-mind, two's for your soul
Three's for your body, and four's for the ambience
Check it out cause this is how it go

[Outro: will.i.am]
One-time...
Two's for your soul
Three's... Four's...
Check it, check it, check it, check it (Check it)

[Verse 1: Drake & Lykke Li]
Hands down, I'm too proud for love
But with eyes shut, it's you I'm thinkin' of
But how we move from A to B, it can't be up to me
'Cause you don't know who I was before you
And basically, to see a change in me
I'd be losing, so I just ignore you, yeah
Oh, but you're on my mind, my mind, my mind, my mind, my mind
Oh, but maybe in time in time, in time, I'll tell you I'm

[Chorus: Drake]
A little bit, a little bit
A little bit in love with you
I guess that I'm a little bit, a little bit
A little bit in love with you

[Verse 2: Drake & Lykke Li]
I know you told me break their hearts
But it's you I wanna take apart
And I will never ever be the first, to say it
But still I, they know I
I would do it, push a button
Pull a trigger, climb a mountain
Jump off a cliff 'cause you're my baby
I love you, love you, a little bit
I would do it, you would say it
You would mean it, we could do it
It was you and I and only I, mmm

[Chorus: Lykke Li]
I think I'm a little bit, little bit
A little bit in love with you
But only if you're a little bit
Little bit in love with me

[Verse 3: Drake]
I hope they never find out
What they already know, know, know
As soon as it's official
We'll have to let it go, go, go
So we don't confirm the fling
Keep avoiding all the questions
You could teach me many things
I'm just scared to learn a lesson
The pressure's on, both hearts beat like a metronome
Both in sync like a Justin song
Feels so right but it's just, so wrong
I wonder where my world 'bout
When niggas that I know tryna take my girl out
And her friends say I ain't the one to go for
She just jealous cause you always get approached more
Oh well, tell her fall back
Caught up in some more shit, tell her call back
Tell her get a man that ain't cheatin on her ass
Wit a girl that I know, yeah tell her all, that, that
And as for you, I think I know you're the one
The closest I've come, I'm probably a

[Chorus: Drake]
A little bit, a little bit
A little bit in love with you
I guess that I'm a little bit, a little bit
A little bit in love with you, oh
Oh, oh

[Ayesha Jaco]
Food and liquor stores rest on every corner
From 45th and State to the last standing Henry Horner
J&J's, Harold's Chicken, good finger lickin'
While they sin, gin, sin sin at Rothschild's and Kenwood Liquors
The winos crooked stagger meets the high stride of the youth
Searchin' for the truth
They rebel and raise hell across alleyways and in classroom settings
They get, high off that trunk bass and 20/20 rims
They rock braids, Air Force Ones, and Timbs
They drink Hennessy, Hypnotiq, and 40's
They call they women hoes, bust downs, and shorties
They keep funeral homes in business and gunshot wards of hospitals full
Prisons packed, bubblin' over in brown sugar
They keep empty, Westside lots crowded, hype's powdered
The well is running dry
The days of Malcolm and Martin have ended
Our hope has descended and off to the side
Waiting for the reinstallment of the revolution
Because we are dying at the cost of our own pollution
But God has another solution, that has evolved from the hood
I present one who turns, the Fiasco to good

[Lupe Fiasco]
A'uzu billahi min ash shaitani r rajimi
Bismi 'llahi 'r-rahmani 'r-rahim
Dedicated, to my grandmother
Peace! And much love to you
Yeah! And it start
1st and, 15, proudly present
You know what it is
See.. I got this philosophy right
I think the world and everything in it
Is made up of a mix, of two things
You got your good, y'know, and your bad
You got your food, and your liquor
That's right...Chilly Chill!
You already know, it's a long time comin'
I give you my...I give you my heart
My soul, my mind my thoughts, my feelings
My experience, nothin' more, and nothin' less
Yes, F&F, uh-huh! So
With no further ado...
Lupe Fiasco's, "Food & Liquor"

[Verse 1]
Young light skinned, born ??
Since I was 10 probably name all the trouble I did
Neva participated, I'm like "fuck all them other kids"
Like I don't owe you child shit when I make it big
But a little respect, fuck y'all though what do you expect
Never raised a gentlemen like Ne-Yo said
Lookin for hero heads, but I don't see none yet
All my friends, weed & cigarettes so I take a hit
*cough cough*, That's some potent shit oh there go police man
I ain't scared of shit, but hell yeah I ran
Lost my money clip ever since wrap rubberbands
Biggity bam, did a couple of scams, made a couple of grands
Fast forward to the Ford Escort, I ball with it
Too quick 14 no license, that's some awful full shit
Now must stack ketchup like condiments
Kinda just wish you taught me how to be a man

[Hook]
Growin up all I wanted was a father figure
Me & mom alone every dinner
One day I hope you hear this I pray you doin better
This what it sound like if I sent my dad letters
If I sent my dad letters
This what it sound like if I sent my dad letters
One day I hope you hear this I pray you doin better
This what it sound like if I sent my dad a letter

[Verse 2]
Word is, 10th grade kick out the crib
Like where I go from here, lucky I had a girlfriend
Remember money make the world spin
Runnin around the big body benz wonderin who in this
Thats pedestrian, spoiled kid, never that
Worked too hard to get where I'm at, thinking fuck school
But next semester I be back, I hated rules
But ruling the world I often dream of that, dream of meetin you dad
Moms really getting mad when I call you that
I don't understand , your phone numbers all I ask
She laughs with her jaw dropped like the movie Mask
Damn so I then reply resort to raising my own little man
But I'm too young for that, wait I take that back
I shoulda used the hat, my girl gettin fat
Whatever results make sure that
I'll be there like you wasn't dad

[Hook]
Growin up all I wanted was a father figure
Me & mom alone every dinner
One day I hope you hear this I pray you doin better
This what it sound like if I sent my dad letters
If I sent my dad letters
This what it sound like if I sent my dad letters
One day I hope you hear this I pray you doin better
This what it sound like if I sent my dad a letter

[Verse 3]
Double 09 lately really its been on my mind
The pain eatin me alive one verse at a time
And this heart problem ain't helpin at all
Its a cardiac diagnose, just wanna stay at home
Dying slow so I bought a fast car, and a couple of charms
Now family and old friends wanna be involved
Some nigga tryna marry mom he like my songs
I find it odd sometimes wanna fucking shoot his head off
Am in the wrong, didn't think so moving on
Im working on my new album if you singing songs
But rap is what I does, turnin 20 soon
Then 21 then 22 like Emmitt was
Everybody sleeping on me time to wake em up
(wake, wake, wake em up, wake, wake, wake em up)
Now everybody chasing us like they missed the bus
And girls wanna roll like a blunt, P.S. your only son

[Hook]
Growin up all I wanted was a father figure
Me & mom alone every dinner
One day I hope you hear this I pray you doin better
This what it sound like if I sent my dad letters
If I sent my dad letters
This what it sound like if I sent my dad letters
One day I hope you hear this I pray you doin better
This what it sound like if I sent my dad a letter

[Intro]
Yeah, that's it, yeah, uh, where haven't we, uh
Know the planes and the, Taylor Gang and the

[Verse 1]
Fast cars with bad broads in 'em
I proceed to smoke these trees
And stuff piles of cheese in my 501 denim
Where they bullshit begins I end them
And nope, I don't hear these niggas tripping
Closing the cabin door and reving up all my engines
The weed is rolled, the drink is cold
It's new to you, to me it's old
C-E-O
These off brand niggas ain't really the future, Ms. Cleo
High when I approach, been known
To leave weed crumbs and trails of Sour D smoke
The irony, of suckas who predicted the planes land
And now they wanna fly with me
I just let it boost my confidence
Roll another joint, drop pilot shit, okay

[Hook]
This ain't the life that we chose
But it's the life that we living
Know we belong on the top, but we ain't tripping
Cause we'll get there in a minute
And we'll get there in a minute
Cause we'll get in there in a minute
Know we belong on the top but we ain't tripping
Cause we'll get there in a minute

[Verse 2]
Ask me if I plan to be roof top chilling
With some pretty-ass women, you'd be glad to meet
Trees stuffed in the passenger seat
Charger to my phone, couple changes of clothes
And the OG told me
All haters expose they self, so it's best to leave it alone
Pop the cork, put the tree in the bong
Been here for a minute you niggas just catching on
Master of the craft, I've grown
Haters trail the path, I've flown
It's obvious, suckas talk down but we ain't tripping
Hoes fuck with us, say we different
At my hotel chilling
Bad women come to fill my marijuana prescription
You niggas know the biz
It's Taylor Gang or kill him

[Hook]
This ain't the life that we chose
But it's the life that we living
Know we belong on the top, but we ain't tripping
Cause we'll get there in a minute
And we'll get there in a minute
Cause we'll get in there in a minute
Know we belong on the top but we ain't tripping
Cause we'll get there in a minute

[Intro: Andy Samberg]
Hey, girl
I've got somethin' real important to give you
So just sit down, and listen

[Verse 1: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
Girl, you know we've been together, such a long, long time (Such a long time)
And now I'm ready, to lay it on the line
Well, you know it's Christmas and my heart is open wide (Open wide)
Gonna give you something so you know what's on my mind (What's on my mind)
A gift real special, so take off the top
Take a look inside - it's my dick in a box (It's in a box)

[Pre-Chorus: Justin Timberlake & Andy Samberg Both]
Not gonna get you a diamond ring
That sort of gift don't mean anything
Not gonna get you a fancy car
Girl, you gotta know you're my shining star
Not gonna get you a house in the hills
A girl like you needs somethin' real
Wanna get you somethin' from the heart
(Somethin' special girl)

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & (Andy Samberg), both]
It's my dick in a box! My dick in a box, babe
It's my dick in a box! Ooh, my dick in a box, girl
See, I'm wise enough to know when a gift needs givin' (Yeah)
And I got just the one
Somethin' to show ya that you are second to none

[Verse 2: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
To all the fellas out there with ladies to impress
It's easy to do, just follow these steps
One - cut a hole in a box
Two - put your junk in that box
Three - make her open the box
And that's the way you do it

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake, both]
It's my dick in a box! My dick in a box, babe
It's my dick in a box! Ooh, my dick in a box, girl

[Outro: Andy Samberg & Justin Timberlake]
Christmas; dick in a box
Hanukkah; dick in a box
Kwanzaa; a dick in a box
Every single holiday; a dick in a box
Over at your parent's house; a dick in a box
Midday at the grocery store; a dick in a box
Backstage at the CMA's; a dick in a box
Yeah, well, well, well, well, well, well, well
My dick in a box, my dick in a box, my dick in a box!

[Intro: Andy, Justin, both]
Oh, dang
What is it, dawg?
I forgot it's Mother's Day
Didn't get a gift for her?
Other plans got in the way
She'll be so disappointed
Damn, I forgot it, too
This could have been avoided
What the hell are we gonna do?

[Verse 1: Andy, Justin, both]
My mom's been so alone
Ever since my daddy left (Cold)
No one to hold her tight
Life has put her to the test
I know just what you mean
My mom's been so sad and gray (Word)
My dad can't satisfy her in the bedroom ever since he passed away
Hold up
You thinkin' what I'm thinkin'?
I'm thinkin' I'm thinkin' too
Slow up
What time is it, dawg?
It's time for a switcharoo
We both love our moms, women with grown women needs
I say we break 'em off
Show 'em how much they really mean

[Chorus: both, Justin]
'Cause I'm a Motherlover
You're a Motherlover
We should fuck each other's mothers
Fuck each other's moms
I'll push in that lady, where you came out as a baby
Ain't no doubt this shit is crazy
Fucking each other's moms

[Post-Chorus: both]
'Cause every Mother's Day needs a Mother's Night
If doing it is wrong, I don't wanna be right
I'm callin' on you 'cause I can't do it myself
To me, you're like a brother, so be my mother lover

[Verse 2: Andy, Justin, both]
I'll be layin' in the cut waitin' for your mom
Clutchin' on this lube and roses
I got my digital camera
I'ma make your momma do a million poses
They will be so surprised
We are so cool and thoughtful
Can't wait to pork your mom
I'ma be the syrup, she can be my waffle
Sho' Nuff
My momma loves bubble bath with chamomile
Straight up
Give it to my mom d-d-d-d-d-d-doggy style (Yeah)
This the perfect plan
For a perfect Mother's Day
They'll have to rename this one
All up under the covers day

[Chorus: both, Justin]
'Cause I'm a Motherlover
You're a Motherlover
We should fuck each other's mothers
Fuck each others moms
I'll push in that lady, where you came out as a baby
Ain't no doubt that shit is crazy
Fucking each other's moms

[Bridge: Andy, Justin]
Break it down
It would be my honor to be your new step-father
It would be my honor to be your new step-father
And while you're in my mother
Make me another brother (Jam)
And while I'm in your mother
I'll never use a rubber (Oh!)

[Post-Chorus: both]
'Cause every Mother's Day needs a Mother's Night (Yeah)
If doing it is wrong, I don't wanna be right (Doing it)
I'm callin' on you 'cause I can't do it myself
To me, you're like a brother, so be my mother lover
They blessed us both with the gift of life (Oh-ho)
She brought you in this world so I'ma sex her right
This is the second best idea that we've ever had (Uh-huh)
The choice can be no other
Be my mother lover

[Outro: Andy]
Happy Mother's Day

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Man I wish that I could kill her
I wish that I could still feel her
Now I'm at the club lookin for a feel up
Bartender make sure my drink stays filled up
Man look at this mess I'm in
In my darkest hour I can't see the horizons
But I still remember her sizes
Thirty-four, twenty-two, thirty-five it, and
And I'm the man to these broads
With one glance I could get 'em to minaj
Through all of the screamin and all the applause
I'm Mr. Big Shot, but you was my star
Hey Juliet, I guess our book's done huh
You know I ain't book smart
Cause I just thought it was a bookmark
And we coulda picked up where we left off

[Chorus: Mr. Hudson]
There's nothing left to say now
Cause I'll be on my way now
And I'll be moving way out, way out, way out
There's nothing left to say now
Cause I'll be on my way now
And I'll be moving way out, way out, way out
Outta your way

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Man I wish that I could shoot her
I wish that I never knew her
Man what I'm sposed to do huh
She my backbone how I'm sposed to manuever
And I know I said it last time
But I swear last time was the last time
But now she say it's all past times
And I feel like I see my flatline
And I'm supposed to be a man and all
But when you get That involved
You gotta start thinkin with ya head
Nah ya real head not the one in your pants and all
Man she was sposed to be my baby
Man we was sposed to see a baby
Man I woulda gave her everything
Better life, wedding ring, everything we never seen
(I guess we'll never see it now)

[Chorus: Mr. Hudson]
There's nothing left to say now
Cause I'll be on my way now
And I'll be moving way out, way out, way out
There's nothing left to say now
Cause I'll be on my way now
And I'll be moving way out, way out, way out
Outta your way

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
Man I wish that I could stab her
Remember when I used to grab her
I wish a nigga still had her
It's gon' hurt to see another nigga have her
When I call it's no answerin
She ain't love Big Sean she love Sean Anderson
Man you could probably feel me dyin'
And you could probably hear her cryin'
She killin me from the inside out
Took everything in the crib that was inside, out
She priceless and I can't afford it
You want space baby and I gave you orbit
So come home, Home is where the heart is
She said whenever I'm here I feel heartless
So it's time to part then
I beg your pardon won't be back tomorrow, nah

[Chorus: Mr. Hudson]
There's nothing left to say now
Cause I'll be on my way now
And I'll be moving way out, way out, way out
There's nothing left to say now
Cause I'll be on my way now
And I'll be moving way out, way out, way out
Outta your way, Outta your way, Outta your way, Outta your way

[Verse 1]
You are the bestest, I will obey you
They wanna know what, I couldn't say who
You are the only one who's ever really seen me
I know that I'm the reason that you don't watch any TV
I wanna lay on your stomach so bad
And it gets a little quiet in this bachelor pad
And I don't really understand the thing we had
I wanna try again, but it would just be sad
And oh, oh whoa
You are the only one who's ever let me be me

[Bridge]
We can make it easy, we can do it simple
I'll be waiting right there, promise to be gentle
Sitting by your window, girl, you're so fly to me

[Chorus]
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly to me
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly to me

[Segue]
Oh, oh
Oh, yeah
Oh, oh
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Will it be tonight
I won't let you down, oh
Oh

[Bridge]
We can make it easy, we can do it simple
I'll be waiting right there, promise to be gentle
Sitting by your window, girl, you're so fly to me

[Chorus]
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly to me
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly
So fly, girl, you're so fly to me

[Intro: Natalie Portman & Chris Parnell]
We're sitting here today with film star Natalie Portman
Hello
So Natalie, what's a day in the life of Natalie Portman like?
Do you really want to know?
Please, tell us

[Verse 1: Natalie Portman, The Lonely Island, Seth Meyers]
I don't sleep, motherfucker; off that 'gnac and the durban
Doin' 120, gettin' head while I'm swervin'
Damn Natalie, you a crazy chick
Yo, shut the fuck up and suck my dick!
I bust in dudes' mouths like Gushers motherfucker
Roll up on NBC and smack the shit outta Jeff Zucker
What you want Natalie? To drink and fight!
What you need Natalie? To fuck all night!
Don't test me when I'm crazy off that airplane glue
Put my foot down your throat 'til your shit's in my shoe
Leave you screamin', pay for my dry-cleanin'
Fuck your man, it's my name that he's screamin'!

[Interlude: Natalie Portman & Chris Parnell]
I'm sorry Natalie, are we to believe that you condone driving while intoxicated?
I never said that I was a role model
But, what about the kids that look up to you? Do you have a message for them?

[Verse 2: Natalie Portman & The Lonely Island]
All the kids looking up to me can suck my dick
It's Portman, motherfucker, drink 'til I'm sick
Slit your throat and pour nitrous down the hole
Watch you laugh and cry; while I laugh, you die
And all the dudes, you know I'm talkin' to you
We love you Natalie! I wanna fuck you too!
P! Is for Portman! P! It's for pussy!
I'll kill your fuckin' dog for fun, so don't push me!

[Interlude: Natalie Portman & Chris Parnell]
Well Natalie, I'm surprised, all this from a Harvard graduate?
Well, there's a lot you may not know about me
Really, such as?

[Verse 3: Natalie Portman]
When I was in Harvard I smoked weed every day
I cheated every test and snorted all the yay
I got a def posse, you got a bunch of dudes
I'll sit right down on your face and take a shit!

[Bridge: Andy Samberg & Natalie Portman]
Natalie, you are a badass bitch (Hell yeah!)
And I'll always pay for your dry-cleaning
When my shit gets in your shoe (What!)
And as for the drug use, well I can vouch for that
My dick is scared of you, girl

[Interlude: Natalie Portman & Chris Parnell]
Okey-doke
Natalie, one final question
If you could steal a smooch from any guy in Hollywood who would it- 

[*chair slam*]
No more questions

[Outro: Natalie Portman]
What!

[Hook]
I ain't gonna be around for ever, so fuck it all
Seeing all this pussy, I'mma fuck it all
Fly around the world, eating good, drinking alcohol
You ain't nothing like me, nigga, not at all
I ain't gonna be around for ever, so fuck it all
Seeing all this pussy, I'mma fuck it all
Fly around the world, eating good, drinking alcohol
You ain't nothing like me, nigga, not at all

[Verse 1]
Tell em what it is, I'm takin great strides
Hood niggas, hipsters, I ain't trying to take sides
Ex-Girlfriend on my mind, she really fucked me up
Doing shots of whiskey 'till my friends are saying thats enough
I really really miss her, sometimes I wanna fuck it all
Mix some warm Guinness with 20 tablets of tylenol
Call 'em while I'm drifting off, tell her that I love her so
Parents crying harder cause I didn't even leave a note
Saying that I'm selfish and I'm sorry that I left
But it hurts so much to wake up and I left you guys a check
Cause I ain't fucking happy, you don't know shit about me
I think it started when she said she happier without me
I really can't blame her cause I'm happier without me
I don't see what girls are seeing when they say they're all about me
I'm scared they wanna trap me, these hoes are all liars
I double bag my shit and never cum while I'm inside her
I used to be a sweet dude, now I'm so angry
Look at what these girls and these fake niggas made me
Cry when I'm writing, I don't really know why
I think its cause I can't really see myself an old guy
And that scares me, I wanna be around a while
But I feel my purpose goes beyond having raised a child
Bright lights, they tend to burn out fast
So I shine bright, but I'm scared that it won't last

[Hook]
I ain't gonna be around for ever, so fuck it all
Seeing all this pussy, Imma fuck it all
Fly around the world, eating good, drinking alcohol
You ain't nothing like me, nigga, not at all
I ain't gonna be around for ever, so fuck it all
Seeing all this pussy, I'mma fuck it all
Fly around the world, eating good, drinking alcohol
You ain't nothing like me, nigga, not at all

[Verse 2]
I'm just about to pop, the industry just noticed it
People watching me, I feel like Amber Rose's tits
Friends of mine are over it, people say I changed
And I tell them that I'm glad, cause I don't wanna stay the same
Cause I used to be poor, I used to be unconfident
I used to hate these haters, now its just the opposite
Not only have I changed, I'm becoming something better
And revenge is for the weak, so I have settled my vendettas
With all of the kids who made my early life a living hell
And I hope you're doing well and feeling better 'bout yourself
Don't know if you can tell, but change is usually for the better
I used to like these bitches but couldn't afford to get em
But now I'll take your girl, yeah player pay homage
That's why I fuck these bad mamas, Kate Gosselin
I'm trying to tell the world I'm nothing to be trifled with
Donald Glover staying hotter than some rifle spit
They only wanna fuck with you after you made your way
But when you started out you couldn't pay em to stay
But now I got em lined up in the lobby door
It makes me wonder what this rapping shit's a hobby for
Oh thats right, because I'm gifted in another field, and another field, and another field
They say my public persona don't have enough appeal
I take a lesson from Kanye and give em something real
I'm getting all this attention I wanna do it right
That's why I'm performing for you like every single night
To all my fans who's saying Donald Glover about to blow
Just give me six months so you can say I told you so

[Hook]
I ain't gonna be around for ever, so fuck it all
Seeing all this pussy, Imma fuck it all
Fly around the world, eating good, drinking alcohol
You ain't nothing like me, nigga, not at all
I ain't gonna be around for ever, so fuck it all
Seeing all this pussy, I'mma fuck it all
Fly around the world, eating good, drinking alcohol
You ain't nothing like me, nigga, not at all

[Intro]
Hahah, say Jim

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
It’s the champagne pourin’, big joint rollin’
Bombay sippin’, no blunt smokin'
Bad bitch gettin’ thick, and she got some friends with her
I take ‘em out, pour shots of liquor
Drinkin' out the bottle, smilin' in all my pictures
The marijuana loud so them hoes follow like Twitter
Nigga you know everything Taylor
Don’t rush to the bar, fool, if you ain't got no paper, that’s the rules
High as fuck, sloppy drunk when I’m passin' through
Rollin’ doobies up, your ho who we pass ‘em to
Hit the club, spend this money up
Roll another one, drink, act a fool, that's what I have to do

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
See I've been drinking champagne, all night
Never worry bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeah) I'm on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
So let me take one shot, to the brain
And I order three more shots, I’m going in
Ayy, I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Spent a couple dollars on my engine
Motor roaring when I back out the garage
Gin got me drunk as fuck stumbling out the bar
Plus I’m struggling tryna find the keys to my car
Cause I be going hard
Roll the camera, life just like a movie, I’m the star
Wish you was in my position, you too broke to play the part
Of course I keep some bad women
With me in the back, sippin' Rosé with some hash twistin’
All about a dollar, my team into cash gettin’
Straight outta the 'Burgh where we drink and we smash niggas
So when I say I’m balling, that don’t mean that I’m playing, mayne
All my diamonds talking, you can see what they saying, mayne

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
See I've been drinking champagne, all night
Never worry bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeah) I'm on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
So let me take one shot, to the brain
And I order three more shots, I’m going in
Ayy, I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)

[Verse 3: Too Short]
In the middle of the night, early in the mornin’
From the streets to the sheets with some freaks, I ain't yawnin'
I'm wide awake, we ain't eatin' and we ain't sleepin'
These bitches so high, man, we ain't even speakin’
We just freakin’, you rollin’ with Short Dog, baby
She was high on that pill so I fucked your lady
Come to my house, I give ‘em everything they want and
I might not do it, but I'll give it to ya women
Cocaine, mushrooms, ecstasy, GHB, marijuana
She can suck it if she wanna
I got tequila, Ciroc, and two freaky friends
And it's a Wednesday night, this ain't the weekend

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
See I've been drinking champagne, all night
Never worry bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeah) I'm on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
So let me take one shot, to the brain
And I order three more shots, I’m going in
Ayy, I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)

[Bridge: Wiz Khalifa]
Man I’m high as fuck, man I swear I’m on my level
Man I’m sloppy drunk, man I swear I'm on my level
I finna pass out, man I swear I'm on my level
A nigga get smashed out, my nig' I swear I’m on my level
Man I’m high as fuck, man I swear I’m on my level
Man I’m sloppy drunk, man I swear I'm on my level
I'm finna pass out, man I swear I'm on my level
A hater get smashed out, my nig' I swear I’m on my level

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
See I've been drinking champagne, all night
Never worry bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeah) I'm on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
So let me take one shot, to the brain
And I order three more shots, I’m going in
Ayy, I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeah) I’m on my level (yeah)

[Intro: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama]
I'm ready, I'm ready, ahh-ahh-ow!
Rest in peace, Pimp C! Yeah!
Gangsta Gri-zillz!
Lemme spark up first
A dedication!
I'm ready, ahh-ahh-ow!
Rest in peace to Kid Stewart (Trendsetter!)
Rest in peace, Pimp C, yeah!
Rest in peace, my nigga 

[?]
Gangsta Gri-zills!
Lemme spark up first
Let you know what the fuck is going on (D3!)
Dedication 3
Count it
1, 2, 3 (Dramatic, nigga!)
DJ Drama!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, money make Weezy; Weezy makin' money
I keep my dick in my pants, but them hoes take it from me
I go to sleep on Monday, and I wake up Sunday
I go to sleep with money and wake up with money
Man, I'm on 'bout five of 'em
My girl so thick, you can see her ass from the side of her
Haha
Your girl just came in her booth
Somebody better get her a flammable suit
I got that bitch jumping like a kangaroo
Ain't a thing to do but bang and screw
I live in the cloud like the angels do
Hey, traffic, let my Vanquish through (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Hey, ma, this what I think of you
I wanna fuck your head off and fuck your ankles loose
Then drink the juice, I'm danger-oose
I got her clothes falling off like the hanger loose
Mm, I be the monster in her closet
She wanna go to Mars, I tell her, "Hop on top my rocket"
Five, four, three, two, one, takeoff
John Travolta with the head, I suck your face off
Tell your man, "Take that cape off"
I put his ass in the pocket like the eight-ball
Wait, y'all, I've never been tall
But if I stand on my money, I'll be with God, ha
Like "Hallelujah, baby!"
It's—It's Young Mula, baby

[Break: Lil Wayne & Gudda Gudda]
Hahahaha
Y'all niggas stupid
Alright, look, ugh

[Verse 2: Gudda Gudda]
Young Gudda
Put the gun to your head, make it pop like a bubble
When I pop off, you in trouble
Gat to your waist, click-clack, niggas' fucking knees buckle
Look at these suckas (Gudda!), talking this bullshit
They don't know Gudda got a full clip, and I pull shit
Leave your stupid ass wet like a pool, bitch
I don't bullshit, no
Leave a bitch nigga stinking like bullshit
Gudda ain't the nigga you should fool with, no
These niggas know me, nigga, knife like Shinobi, nigga
Hahaha

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Heh, your mother owe me, nigga
Your brother pay me, nigga, your sister lay me, nigga
And I made your wife suck my Weezy F. babies, nigga
I'm still a crazy nigga, fucking right, I'm wildin'!
Nigga, I just made a hundred fucking million dollars!
Nigga, I ain't even gotta rhyme!
Nigga, I just made a hundred fucking million dollars!

[Verse 1]
Niggas wanna have some, all I want's to have it all
They wanted something different, nigga problem solved
Drunk off the high life, death is when I sleep it off
Life's a hangover and this rappin' shit's my Tylenol
I could call any girl in my phone right now
Have a pillow in her mouth, watch her bite down
She like me cause I'm flier than a kite now
It's funny how I get these write ups on what I write down
Chick on my left arm, she could write The King And I
I'd rather die the truth, these niggas live a lie
Dressed like a gentleman, my mouth is never civilized
See me as a hero, use my little brother's eyes
Always do me like I love self portraits
Now these fake niggas say "Hey" like horse shit
People treat me different but I'm still the same person
I don't know what it means, I just know that it's worth it
I know I'm not perfect, but I am original
Wallet stay healthy: vitamins, minerals
Gotta feed the bitch right, stuff her full of spinach
Facebook messages askin' how I did it
No time to respond, time is money, life's a debit card
Spend it on the right shit, these bitches want you overdrawn
Drake with dyslexia, I have gone so far
My life is a green light, I always try and go hard

[Hook]
I am just different

[Verse 2]
I am so different, the game's on lid eye
Listen to my mixtape, change your whole shit up
Salad backstage, I just wanna eat alone
Crowd at my shows more mixed than Rashida Jones
Haters say I'm changin', but I haven't changed at all
Indie kids saying that I've ruined all their favorite songs
Hood niggas sayin' that I'm whiter than that Colgate
Hatin' on my progress, I'm a long ways from Bro Rape
Black Clark Kent, all I need's a Lois Lane
But let her spend the night once and watch her go insane
Voice mail, e-mail, sendin' text message
We are not engaged just because I made breakfast
Believe me you don't want this, I'm all about business
Life is a bitch, I must be datin' her sisters
Gotta be different, take chances like pictures
Emerge victorious, stunt on y'all bitches
I'm not at the top, but ya'll niggas know I'm comin' fast
Rap will change after me, all of this will come to pass
Rappers start to use real instruments and shit
Niggas start to copy me, dumb it down and make it rich
I am not a novelty, just the first to do it different
I have always been this good, you were just laughing too hard to listen
Got my career overnighted, maybe you should order one
Springsteen this city 'cause, this city, we were born to run

[Outro]
I am just different
I am just different
I've always been different
I am just different

[Intro]
Yeah, yes, I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
Yeah, yes, I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop

[Verse 1]
Cheezy wassup!
Let me hear you holla, bitch
Actor, writer, rapper, nigga, I do all of it
Lactose tolerant; addicted to cheddar
And I spent it on a jacket, man, I don't know no better
Yeah, it's Childish Gambino, yeah I'm fly as a feather
Yeah, my nigga be suburban but my flow keep it ghetto
Keep my swagger Polaroid, you can watch it develop
Ain't it funny? In a year, I went from different to special
Yeah I got it together, yeah, I took those chances
Labels on me like I might cause cancer
Yes a nigga flow went from Camry to Phantom
I'm just talking real shit, hoping you can handle
Sleeping on the jet like "lier" like chandle
Flyer than a jet women, hoping they can land him
How we turn everything to gold that they hand 'em?
I am just different, that's the only answer

[Chorus]
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero, yeah

[Verse 2]
Back on my grind, nigga I'm a skater
She just think I'm fine, nigga you's a hater
Style with no name, they just want to label me
They should call it what these other niggas are afraid to be
APC store walkin' out with eight bags
Yeah I'm killin' paper, call it poppin' tag
You ever spend three grand on designer vision
When you should really spent it on your little sis tuition?
She played my album when nobody else out there would listen
I'm comin' harder than these girls that you would swear were pissin'
Davinci-esque, I'm the real deal
The only thing I don't know is how fake feel
I'm living everything these other niggas lyin' bout
Bitches don't believe me, to prove it to 'em, I fly 'em out
She say that I'm her everything, I'm better than those other guys
I say, "I'm just a rapper" She tell me, "That's a fucking lie"

[Chorus]
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero, yeah

[Verse 3]
They said me rappin' was like MJ and baseball
But that would make me MJ, so motherfuck all of y'all
Trippin' on this fame shit, drinking like a fuckin fish
Listen to the next track, "I be on that other shit"
Yes I sound weird, nigga, take it as a compliment
Guess who's in the house and representing like a congressman
Anything I put my mind to I accomplish it
From writing scripts with Tina Fey to laying down the hardest shit
Who else is doing what I'm doing? No one
And I mean girls too, intended no pun
I'm on the road son, busy like I'm Bone Thug
Comment left anonymous cause ain't nobody want none
She laying in my bed, she gotta be bi-curious
Barf on the track, be amazing and rap-furious
Damn bloggers argue whether or not I'm serious
It's Nas' Illmatic, not Eddie Murphy's Delirious
Got the limelight, you stupid you think I'm sharing this
Showing up late, promoters wondering where he is
Got some nightmares, but failing's gotta be scariest
But I would never fail, I'm a hero, one of the best there is

[Chorus]
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
Yeah, yes I'm on top
I'm going this hard, and no I won't stop
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero
I'm a hero, I'm a hero, yeah

[Verse 1]
I be on that other shit, I'm harder than a consonant
And that's because I'm flyer than the mothership, you ostrich
I'm awesome rich, call a bitch, fresher than my lozenges
The problem is you in the Danger Zone like Kenny Loggins is
I'm fly, I'm tight, they say I'm sick, they right
You think you good, I swear I put your shit to bed, goodnight
Yes, I'm sitting on the bench, I don't play no games
I just spit that Bellevue, watch them go insane
Why these motherfuckers think they waking up in pain?
'Cause they sleeping on the hardest nigga in this game
Hell yes, I'm on my zombie shit, I must get brain
They will not forget me like I was hit by planes
I ain't got to do it big, I just gotta do it different
And these hoes are on my dick, and if you got it, it ain't tricking
I be steady getting paper, call a nigga Dunder Mifflin
And these rappers cannot see me, I'm the only one with vision

[Hook]
I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit
I be on that other shit and you can't handle none of it
I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit
I be on that other shit and you can't handle none of it

[Verse 2]
I'm on top of turd mountain; king shit, bitches
Can't nobody top that, Teen Witch, bitches
I don't make it rain, I bring the heat storm, nigga
Weezy F is in jail, I keep his seat warm, nigga
Yes, I get it like I live it, yes, this pimp is still is pimping
Y'all don't want me to be different, what the fuck is y'all thinking?
That does not suit me, call it Ben Sherman
'Cause I get more green than Kermit, heard me?
I'm in charge of new shit, don't talk—do shit
Spitting at the crowd like I play heavy metal music
I can say anything, call me John Cusack
Keep my dick wetter than the bottom of a cruise ship
Keep it fresh to death, keep my swag inside a coffin
So fly, I'm in the sky like Vodka, partner
Shout out to Marc Jacobs, yeah, my feet be feeling highbrow
And Band of Outsiders, got your tie on right now
Glory versus failure, there is nothing to it
'Cause you win some and lose some, Sandra Bullock
Tell me when I'm way too much, when no one had faith in us
They thought Child was child's play
But now, they see we dangerous
Bring your girl around me, let me show her how her body work
She like me 'cause my wallet fat, it should wear a Hawaiian shirt
Comin' for your spot, like I do when I'm inside of her
Got the cold, hard green in my hand, no Heineken
Listen up, listen up, please, check my steez
Insect ligaments, I'm the bee's knees
Watch my math, like 75 minus 6
How can number two be number one? Because I'm the shit, bitch

[Hook]
I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit
I be on that other shit and you can't handle none of it
I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit
I be on that other shit and you can't handle none of it
(I was raised in the hood)
Eastside Long Beach to be exact
(I was raised in the hood)
Where the grass is greener and the Crips are much meaner
(We got your back, I was raised in the hood)
I’ll never turn my back on the hood
Yeah you can take me out the hood
But you can’t take the hood up outta me

[Snoop Dogg - Verse 1]
Raised by the gangstas, the generals, the thieves, the 20s
Yeah I’m stealing niggas, please what you know bout that
I do it everytime, told em 1800 had em mixing it with lime (oh weee)
My life is like a movie, I was thuggin in the beach when I lit my first doobie
In the same city where I got my first piece of coochie
Where I sold my first dime, and I held my first uzi
Bitch, choose me, cause I’m going to the top
Rap or the rock, them hoes say I’m on bitch
Whenever will it stop
I was poppin’like it’s on, slamming Chevy’s up the block
East up, what it do though
Now I ride 2-door, the Porsche looking mean
Hella far from broke, the 40 won’t choke plus a niggas still elope
Only cause I was raised in the hood

[Hook]
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
We got your back
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
We got your back

[Snoop Dogg - Verse 2]
Raised by the monsters the criminals
The G’s, it was the niggas on the East
What you know bout that?
Snoopy in his prime, I’m a boss
I catch a nigga slippin’ like moss
Ride with the realest , I’ve been on it since a young’n
It’s 200 bitches in the function
Looking cool, you know it bitchy I’m rollin’
And I ain't worried bout them niggas we patrolling the hood and the city
Rollin on that dilly
2 milli, 2 Bugatti’s, call em Rozay and Diddy
Heart of the set, homie I’m a vet
Lil nigga, keep ya clothes, ask around
I’m a rep, East up, what it do though
Hoes spillin’ Nuvo, Doggy on his tip
I threw up the two O
Hella far from broke, the 40 won’t choke plus a niggas still elope
Only cause I was raised in the hood

[Hook]
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
We got your back
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
I was raised in the hood (the hood, the hood, the hood)
We got your back

[Snoop Dogg - Verse 3]
Raised by them hustlas them dealers on the block
It was plenty of them niggas on the spot
What you know bout that?
Turned up fully
The hood raised me, gang-banging made me a bully, ya dig?
Burnt out and any party we at, you know it’s turned out
The people talking the rumours
Now what you heard about?
How I spend 100 thou gettin’ purped out
I’m strapped up, I keep a pistol for these suckers tryna act up
They know I’m famous, like I won’t get in the streets Cuz?
Like I don’t come from the W, I’m a beast bru
What it do though, dickies for the dulo
Homie, you know skinny niggas sumo
Hella far from broke, the 40 won’t choke plus a niggas still elope
Only cause I was raised in the hood

[Intro: Eminem]
Ayo, let me tell you about my homies, haha!

[Verse 1: Eminem]
My name is Chauncey Billups, I'm kind of like a raunchy Phillips
Screwdriver, my crew's liver when you can't sleep and you're still up
I get the ball and I'm like Rip, you can't get a grip
You probably got stripped, you wanna rumble, no reason to trip
I grab her like Gnarls Barkley holds the mic, your snarls spark me
I smile like Charles Barkley come on I'm hard, guard me
Ain't booin', ain't pursuin', no lawsuits, I ain't suin'
I know what I'm doin', give me the ball and your life is ruined
I'm like Rasheed, I remind me the spirit of Proof
I'm happy and lucky, ballin' and groovin', I'm on the move
I'm smooth with it, give me the ball, you don't know what to do with it
Shoot it in the basket, you other teams need a casket
LeBron sayin' don't respond, there's no back and forth
This game is mental, man, I play aloud and walk away just to hush the crowd
You trying to touch? Sit down

[Hook: Eminem]
Detroit basketball
Homie, like I told you, this is Detroit basketball
Man, I don't think you ready for the–

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I get the crowd rolled up like a U-Haul truck
Just call me 2 Ball Chuck, ain't too tall what
I'll leave Utah stuffed
Man, I love this game, who the hell you called up?
You need points on the paint, I'm the joints when they stained
All my coins in the bank and we're going all the way
Yeah, baby, it's true, I'm talking to you
You already know what to do
Just pass to me, it just so happens to be
That I adapt with this heat so strap in your seat
I got a grasp on this beat, you ain't convinced?
Give it to Tayshaun Prince, we haven't stayed calm since
Leave the ball with delayed palm prints

[Hook: Eminem]
Detroit basketball
Homie, like I told you, this is Detroit basketball
Man, I don't think you ready for the–

[Outro: Eminem]
We get everybody involved, homie
We get everybody involved
I said, we get everybody involved, homie
We get everybody involved
Yeah!
Aah! I said, aah!
Give me the ball
You gotta walk before you crawl
Tell me you ain't listenin'
This is Detroit basketball, homie
Ayo, beam me up, Scotty
Hahahahahaha!

[Verse 1]
(Bitch, you know me)
If you don't like this shit I'm puttin' out, then you can blow me
These dollars in my pocket getting big, I gotta fold it
It's Cheezy in the building, more cheese than macaroni
What the fuck is going on?
I'm in her bush, before I eat, I make her mow the lawn
My career is like award shows, it's going long
I make it look real easy, like I'm showing thong, huh
(Bitch, you know me)
I do a shot, and then I'll sip a Sobe
I'm walking weird 'cause it's Walker that I'm wasted on
People just realizing that I'm awesome, why they take so long?
Skip around the album, it's not hard to find your favorite song
Pussy and these tracks the only things that I go crazy on
Let me slow it down a sec, man, I cannot not be sick
Hook me up with Dimetapp
(Bitch, you know me)
You think you better than I am, then show me
These niggas don't talk that much shit unless you let them
And I let them, 'cause they know if you reply, then you respect them
I've been working for a minute, hope this album's a success
I'm not tryna to do Drake numbers, I'm just tryna do my best
'Cause let's face it, if I wasn't working with Tina on pitches
I would probably flood the market, and go Katrina, you bitches, uh

[Verse 2]
(Bitch, you know me)
I'm sorry mama, but there isn't an old me
That nigga dead, but I promise, he won't die in vain
All I trust is money, fuck these niggas like the Crying Game
This is not a joke. You won't listen to what I'm sayin'
And I promise to destroy any nigga who think I'm playin'
Know my verses can be silly, but I'm choosing not to spray rounds
My verse is pedophiles on the playground, okay now?
(Bitch, you know me)
Half-price flat screens, yes, I work for Sony
I kiss her hard and hit the jet, I make out like a bandit
They trying hard to hate me, I just don't understand it
Screamin' at me, "When you gonna stick to the right business
And stop making rap music for these White kids-es?"
Huh, I make music for these tight kids
Don't be a fucking asshole, one day, you'll have to wipe his
(Bitch, you know me)
I know what I am, and I'll never be hovy
'Cause I am just different, I'm being what I am, man
I don't need a Jesus piece, my jacket cost me 10 grand
I'm going light speed, and I don't care if you can't see us
'Cause I will never stop, like I am cruising in a Prius
You talk from far away because my money's between us
And I'm working hard as hell, until I'm chilling with Aaliyah
Bitch, you know me
Bitch

[Verse 1: Childish Gambino]
Welcome to the culdesac, this is where the street ends
I am just a rapper, I ain't got the time for speakin'
Nigga stay weak like tornado and a tree branch
I never have a weak day, my life's a long weekend
Fuckin' with ya raw, bitch, my mouth should get tested
Sleepin' on a nigga, hope you feel well rested
Gambino stay on, can't nobody pull the cord out
A nigga fucked up like a hang gliding whore house
Sick boy, yeah, the clique on deck
Yes, I rap absurd, got the game upset
And they rap about the jewelry, the weed they smoke
And I rap about my life, and niggas think it's a joke, nah
I only put real on a nigga
Bitches see the money, try and steal on a nigga
Yes, I'm on fire, you can feel it on a nigga
Step away from the heat; they Shaquillin' on a nigga
Treat niggas like pussy, go hard on 'em
Watch the swagga get swiped like a card, bottom
The swag's unique, I don't even worry 'bout 'em
I got the tortoise shell frames and the argyle
You wouldn't think from the things I'm fashionin'
I'd get more bush than Kim Kardashian
Drop hot shit, yeah, my mouth's a laxative
Born to be the greatest, this is not by accident

[Chorus: Childish Gambino]
Ayy player, what's good?
(Let me dope you!)
Ayy hater, what's hood?
(Let me dope you!)
I'm on fire like wood
(Let me dope you!)
And you don't wanna fuck with dude
(Let me dope you!)

[Refrain: Lil Jon]
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit

[Verse 2: Childish Gambino]
I'm a genius, I ain't gotta fake shit
My cup runneth over, you can take sips
I'm in a spa, white robe like a racist
Niggas can't see me, I will pay for your LASIK
Buck what ya heard, bitch, I'm flyer than you ever seen
My wallet make paper, call it Evergreen
Ashy to classy, finally got some Vaseline
Live inside a sauna 'cause I always got my self-esteem
Name in your mouth, and it seems as though I struck a nerve
I never fit in like my penis in these tiny girls
I figured I was different from these other guys
When I wrote for 30 Rock, I was under 25
These other rappers wanna fade into the background
I'ma stand out when these niggas done sat down
I always pack heat, yeah, my mouth need a pat down
Money, girls, clothes, I don't worry about that now

[Chorus: Childish Gambino]
Ayy player, what's good?
(Let me dope you!)
Ayy hater, what's hood?
(Let me dope you!)
I'm on fire like wood
(Let me dope you!)
And you don't wanna fuck with dude
(Let me dope you!)

[Refrain: Lil Jon]
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit
Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit

[Intro: Adele]
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-

[Chorus]
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh

[Verse 1]
Childish Gambino got that swagger
All these pussy niggas 'round here don't matter
All that I know is that I wanna dance with ya
Move in closer before I'm gon' kiss ya
Know that you know me, don't act stupid
You seem different, tired of these groupies
I'm on fire, won't find figga
Got big shots saying, "That's that nigga"
Hovy with glasses, Weezy but geeky
Girls in the lobby tryin' to meet me
I ain't afraid to say it, yeah, I love these hoes
And their glasses, and their jacket, and their hipster clothes
Yes, I'm always on tour, what you mad at that for?
Slamming that thing like a Cadillac door
I love fast women, Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Have your cake and eat it, baby, it's your birthday

[Chorus]
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh

[Verse 2]
(It ain't trickin' if ya) You know
(Baby, I) You know
Mama, you are with the right man, Juno
Tell me what you wanna do, I will make it happen
I just wanna get you home and (Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh)
Yes, I'm drinking whiskey, baby I am gone tonight
NBC is not the only thing I'm comin' on tonight
Gross, why the fuck I say these things?
It isn't over, haven't heard the chubby lady sing
Everybody love me, call a nigga Raymond
These weak niggas always in your face like Raybans
Yes, I bring the heat, girl, fire for fireman
Baby, I'm your hero, Donald for Spiderman
I'm in love with you, but this is not tennis
And baby stay stacked like she bad at Tetris
Rude boy, I Rihanna that vagina
Tell your boy, good luck tryin' to find ya, find ya

[Chorus]
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Baby girl, you know what I want
Let me do it to ya, do it to ya
Let me do ya like
Uh, uh-uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh

[Outro: Adele]
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-
Words that I made up, you say my name like-

[Verse]
This is exactly what I wanted
All my fans love me, dad is proud of me
Mama cries for me
'Cause she know there ain't sleep in my schedule
Having nightmares that I'm the black Heath Ledger
Sleep when I'm dead, these voices in my head
Got me waking up at 4 just so I can write instead
And my friends come and ask me if it's worth it
I tell them that "It better be, I did this shit on purpose!"
The worst is being worthless, now a nigga priceless
Bloomingdale's coat, I don't have to check the prices
But I only go to feel a sense of control
'Cause I get this shit for free if I wear promotional
And I'm not emotional when I do my work
I get emotional when I order that dessert
'Cause she always ate dessert
And I deserted her
But I refuse to compromise career for a girl
'Cause this music and this writing and this acting is my soul
And if I let it go, there'd be no one left to know
Being happy is the goal, but greatness is my vision
And all these girls are thinking they compete with my ambition
But, baby, I am different
This shit is my life
And if you don't believe me, you can never be my wife
I'm walking in this darkness and I'm tryna find a light
And I'd rather die than be average and chances are I might, because

[Outro]
Things are changing, my life's gone pecans
Thirteen cities in the last eight weekends
All I know is: Baby, I'm so tired
Record on Monday, tape on Tuesday
I ain't slowing down, I don't care what you say
Fuck this health thing, mama I'm alright

[Verse 1]
I am the shit, I hold heat like cigarettes
No one else is doing this, work this hard you get respect
I don't sleep, I dream awake
Swear this life's like make or break
I don't make I fix mistakes
Your life good, my life is great
This game is a bitch and I'm different, dude
I'm tryin' to fuck this bitch, she ain't in the mood
Seduce her quick
Everyone talkin' bout game needs change ain't changing shit
Talk don't make it happen
I do not talk, I am just a rapper
Too tight need muscle relaxer
I'm what's next, just ask 'em

[Chorus]
All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory
Glory, glory
Glory, yeah
All I know, it's what I came for
Glory, glory
Glory, glory
Glory, yeah

[Verse 2]
I wanna do this right
Leave my heart on stage when I hold a mic
And the game OT, no end in sight
So I write in my sleep, I don't say good night
This must be how the angels felt
I hope that I don't Corey Haim myself
I know that I drink an insane amount
'Cause it helps with the joy and the pain of wealth
These guys don't seem like the friends I need
And they hang backstage drinking beers for free
My mom and my dad in the balcony
The one time that I hope they look down on me
'Cause they proud of me
They call me a role model
Even though my hand glued to that gin bottle
I keep my career going full throttle
Even though the pain will follow

[Chorus]
All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, yeah
All I know
It's what I came for
Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, yeah

[Intro]
One day, you're gonna understand
Zion

[Verse 1]
Unsure of what the balance held
I touched my belly overwhelmed
By what I had been chosen to perform
But then an angel came one day
Told me to kneel down and pray
For unto me a man-child would be born
Woe this crazy circumstance
I knew his life deserved a chance
But everybody told me to be smart
"Look at your career," they said
"Lauryn, baby use your head"
But instead I chose to use my heart

[Chorus]
Now the joy of my world
Is in Zion! (Zion, Zion!)
Now the joy of my world
Is in Zion! (Zion, uhh, Zion!)

[Verse 2]
How beautiful if nothing more
Than to wait at Zion's door
I've never been in love like this before
Now let me pray to keep you from
The perils that will surely come
See life for you, my prince has just begun
And I thank you for choosing me
To come through unto life to be
A beautiful reflection of His grace
See I know that a gift so great
Is only one God could create
And I'm reminded every time I see your face

[Chorus]
That the joy (Joy)
Of my world (World)
Is in Zion (Is in Zion)
Is in Zion (Is in Zion)
Now the joy (Joy)
Of my world (World)
Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion)
Now the joy (Joy)
Of my world (World)
Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion)
Now the joy (Joy)
Of my world (World)
Is in Zion (Is in Zion, is in Zion)

[Outro]
Marching, marching, marching, marching (Marching)
To Zion, marching, marching, marching (We gon' march)
Marching, marching, marching, marching
To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion
Marching, marching, marching, marching
To Zion, marching, marching, marching
Marching, marching, marching, marching
To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion
Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy)
To Zion, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy)
Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy)
To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (My joy, my joy)
Marching, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy)
To Zion, marching, marching, marching (My joy, my joy)
Marching, marching, marching, marching (You're the joy)
To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (Of my life)
Marching, marching, marching, marching (It is in Zion)
To Zion, marching, marching, marching (Zion)
Marching, marching, marching, marching (You're the joy)
To Zion, marching, beautiful, beautiful, Zion (You're the joy of my life)
Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion (Is in Zion, Zion)
Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion (It is in Zion)
Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion
Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion
Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion
Marching, beautiful, beautiful Zion
Marching

[Skit]

[Teacher]
Okay, how many people here have ever been in love? I know none of the guys are gonna raise their hand. How many of y'all ever been in love?

[Class]
(Mumbling)

[Teacher]
I know none of the guys been in... we don't get in love, right? Oh! Let this black man right here tell what his idea of love is, 'cause not all the time we hear a young black man talk about love. About your personal definition, don't tell me what Webster thinks. Huh?

[Boy]
Willingness to do everything for that person

[Teacher]
Okay, everything like what? Explain. Let him talk, c'mon. If I asked him to talk about a fancy car, he'd be right on point. But we wanna talk about love. You can do it. (To another pupil) What do you think? You said you love somebody, you should know why you love them right?

[Boy 2]
The way they act

[Teacher]
Uh-huh

[Boy 2]
The way they carry themselves, stuff like that

[Teacher]
Okay

[Girl]
The way that they hang with they boys, and they just stand out. It's like sometimes it don't even matter like what they wear or what they look like. It's like, that way, you know?

[Girl 2]
Yeah

[Girl]
It's like you know you want to talk to him, because he stands out, it's like he got a glow or something

[Teacher]
That's deep

[Boy 2]
That's what I'm talking about

[Teacher]
I thought that was a beautiful point. Anyone else want to deal with that?

[Girl 2]
It's sometimes, like when they try to act funny in front of they boys, like when they get around say they love you. They can't love you. 'Cause love-love-love wouldn't do that

[Girl 3]
Love is not phony!

[Class]
(Laughter)

[Intro]
Mmm, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
I think I did it again
I made you believe we're more than just friends
Oh, baby, it might seem like a crush
But it doesn't mean that I'm serious

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause to lose all my senses
That is just so typically me
Ooh, baby, baby

[Chorus]
Oops, I did it again
I played with your heart
Got lost in the game
Oh, baby, baby
Oops, you think I'm in love
That I'm sent from above
I'm not that innocent

[Verse 2]
You see, my problem is this
I'm dreaming away
Wishing that heroes, they truly exist
I cry watching the days
Can't you see I'm a fool in so many ways?

[Pre-Chorus]
But to lose all my senses
That is just so typically me
Oh, baby, oh

[Chorus]
Oops, I did it again
I played with your heart
Got lost in the game
Oh, baby, baby
Oops, you think I'm in love
That I'm sent from above
I'm not that innocent

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Interlude]
"All aboard!"
"Britney! Before you go, there's something I want you to have."
"Oh, it's beautiful! But wait a minute, isn't this...?"
"Yeah, yes, it is."
"But I thought the old lady dropped it into the ocean in the end."
"Well, baby, I went down and got it for ya."
"Aw, you shouldn't have!"

[Chorus]
Oops, I did it again to your heart
Got lost in this game, oh, baby
Oops, you (Oops, you) think that I'm sent from above
I'm not that innocent

[Chorus]
Oops, I did it again
I played with your heart
Got lost in the game (Yeah, yeah)
Oh, baby, baby
Oops, you think I'm in love
That I'm sent from above (Yeah)
I'm not that innocent

[Chorus]
Oops, I (Oops, I) did it again (Did it again to your heart)
I played with your heart (Got lost)
Got lost in the game (In this game, oh, baby)
Oh, baby, baby
Oops, you (Oops, you) think I'm in love (Think that I'm sent)
That I'm sent from above
I'm not that innocent

[Chorus: Gemini]
If we could break down those walls to set you free, we would
'Cause we're out here, and we miss you
If we could build a ladder that tall to come up and see you, we would
'Cause we're down here, and we miss you

[Chorus: Gemini & Sarah Green]
If we could break down those walls to set you free, we would
'Cause we're out here, and we miss you
If we could build a ladder that tall to come up and see you, we would
'Cause we're down here, and we miss you

[Intro: Tyler, the Creator & Taco]
What up, Tyler?
What's up, nigga
What you doing
Shit, fucking, skhit
Who the fuck is this?
Oh!

[Verse: Tyler, the Creator, Taco & Earl Sweatshirt]
This my little brother on my mother's side, our father died
He was living with my grandmother on the North side
Of Sacramento, but this fag ain't just visiting
He's settling in, he can't wait to start meddling
And doing the evil shit we do  (Does he skate?)
Yeah he skate too (Man, thisniggaugly) and he raps, ooh
This the newest Wolf Gang member and he
(What's his name?) Earl

[Outro: Taco, Tyler, the Creator]
Nigga, this nigga's forehead is so fuckin' big
This nigga, look at this fuckin' nigga lips, dog
This nigga's lips look like a split sundae
Yo this nigga's line is bended, (that's fucked up)
Yo this nigga, this nigga look like a African poet
(Earl, say somethin')
Yo this nigga's forehead looks like a fuckin' big-ass moose
(Nigga, don't be nervous nigga, say somethin'; trust me guys, he can rap)
He a bitch, (just say somethin')
Nigga, don't be a bitch nigga, say somethin'
Nigga, rap, you fuckin' suck probably
Trust me guys, he can rap, just say somethin'

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt]
Started thinking about a normal life, it got me suicidal
Standing in the kitchen with a noose and a rifle
Hang or bang, hocking loogies in a bible
Dancing with the devil, tonight's our first recital
His hands on my hips, he take control of my movement
A couple of minutes pass and I don't know what I'm doing
Just dance to the music so nobody will laugh at me
But the fucking voices in my head keep asking me

[Refrain: Earl Sweatshirt]
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
Nah (You ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?)
Have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
Nah, I'll try tonight (You ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?)

[Verse 2: Hodgy Beats]
I live all over, my roomie's a bum
Fuck a bitch, never sober, virgin bitch nun
Sound like she dying when that virgin bitch cum
My used penis beats on this virgin bitch drums
She asking me to dance, I ask for my pants
Ended up with an argument, sirens, ambulance
Scratch her off my list, the situation bias
She made me a milkshake and forced me to try it
Nah, I ain't Nas, get the fuck off my dick
Besides, from the smell of it, I'm hating the flavor
Last night, for the hell of it, I raped her neighbor
Bit her fillings all through my vampire teeth saber
(Ahh, Jesus, please) She screams for her savior
A nun with a bum, fuck you, bitch, better pay up
I need to eat, place to sleep, new shoes, aging feet
Alligator hair heat, Gatorade made her sweet

[Outro: Earl Sweatshirt]
Bitter sweet seven fist fighting with a reverend
Bless sessions niggas fresh as Crest breath is
Devil in my chest, I inhale more cess then
Place one missed call to heaven
You ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?

[Intro]
I got Nosk in here with me
This ain't a diss song
But uh

[Hook]
Yeah huh-huh, you know what it is
I'm a Cheesehead, y'all niggas Cheez-Whiz
Pittsburgh Steelers, that's nothing
That Superbowl ring, that's stunting
Up in your town when you see me you know everything
Green and yellow green and yellow
Green and yellow green and yellow
I put it down, representing for my team
I'm in
Green and yellow green and yellow
Green and yellow green and yellow

[Verse 1]
Money green, yellow broad
Aaron Rodgers: MVP award
This is Green Bay, bitch we go hard
This is Packer country, where's your Green card?
Terrible towels, that shit is bo-ring
We got the ball, you know we scoring
Yeah, and that's how we rocking, heavy metal
I'm up in this bitch with more Bloods than a blood vessel
Pitt going down, say hello to the devil
Just beat the Bears, now we got the Steelers on the schedule
Yeah, no love for them, breaking hearts
We gonna toast these niggas...Pop-tarts

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Got a call from my homie, this just in
The Packers in the Superbowl, and they better win
They call him Big Ben, but he weak though
We in Dallas but we Lambeau Leap, ho
Long hair don't care: Clay Matthews
We shitting on these fools, no bathroom
Got a pocket full of big faces
Throw it up, touchdown on Ike Taylor

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Huh...big Gs on the helmet
Steel Curtain, what is that, velvet?
If we win, I'm-a throw a Superbowl party
And blow a cigar like Vince Lombardi
I'm in Wisconsin, smoking Amsterdam
Yeah, I'm from New Orleans but I've been a Packers fan
We knocked the Eagles and the Falcons and the Bears off
Now we about to cut Troy Polamalu hair off

[Hook]

[Outro]
Uh, go pack go
Uh, go pack go
Uh, we yelling go pack go

I gotta say this ain't a diss song
I do love my team
Yeah, that's the team with the big 'G's on the helmet
You know what it is
Oh yeah... Young Mula Baby

[Intro: Pharrell]
Ladies and Gentlemen (Oh)
Yes, Sir... let's do it
Yes, Sir... hot... yo

[Verse 1: Pharrell]
On and on and, my nuts I'm palmin'
Take two of these and call me in the morning
You should see the way the chain harness the charm and
Fly, I'm like a bird like Nelly Furtado
Shit, pop your bottles, toast and scream, "Cheers!"
Get your two-step 'cause this the record of the year
Nigga that brought you Ice Creams, two for a pair
Officially announcing, "This is warfare," 'cause
Back in the day, my clouds was grey
And it seemed liked my angels couldn't blow them away
But then I sold my first verse and copped that NSX
But I was still ridin' in them thin-ass jets, but now
Man, my vision so clear out the window of the Lear
And I'm talkin' on my celly all the shit that you should hear
Listen clearly now
Hello? Can you hear me now?

[Hook: Pharrell & Gwen Stefani]
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
So drop your purse and grab your hips (Uh huh)
And act like you tryin' to get this money right quick
So can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)

[Verse 2: Pharrell]
On and on and, this beat is on and
I control their mind from straight over the phone
And let 'em explore the words, something like a tourist
And never get addicted unless that heady-wop is serious (Yes, Sir)
From Louisville to Jimmy Choos, he's real
She know the time, she sees the Richard Mille
Plat-double skeletal, Tourbillion
It's just like her body, move, it turns her on
She like the way my hands use her body for hand warmers
And all our car doors go up like Transformers
See, I can do it this-a-way, I can do it that-a-way
From the crib in Virginia to that new Miami getaway
So cool it like New Edition unless you hot as you say
I get it, okay, let it boil away
But please run along, 'cause ladies is feelin' wrong
And I got something right for them right after this song
My name is Skate... board... P
Ladies and gentlemen (Oh)

[Hook: Pharrell & Gwen Stefani]
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
So drop your purse and grab your hips (Uh huh)
And act like you tryin' to get this money right quick
So can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)

[Verse 3: Pharrell]
On and on and, the temperature is warm and
I spit heat flashes, niggas get nauseous
Bright as a bitch, so analyze with caution
When the light hit the ice, bet a hundred that you vomit
And should I mention the fact the Transition is the track?
No incision to the vision just to get me where I’m at, huh
Little Skateboard, he too grown (Come on)
Ridin' up and down Collins in that that new Two-Tone
It's so cold, you don't wanna feel the chill of it (Uh)
Just stand back and just look at the grill of it (Uh)
I don't smoke but I bet the sense a mil' of it
Totally intensifies the vivid-ass appeal of it
You can be jealous, and grit your teeth (Uh huh)
But all these little niggas got somethin' in reach
So, you want heat? These niggas can front heat
While I'm on my boat party, tryin' to Sunseek
My name is Skate... board... P
Ladies and Gentlemen (Oh)

[Hook: Pharrell & Gwen Stefani]
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
So drop your purse and grab your hips (Uh huh)
And act like you tryin' to get this money right quick
So can I have it like that? (You got it like that)
Can I have it like that? (You got it like that)

[Hook x2]
Birds flying high you know how I feel
Birds (birds) flying high, you know how I feel
Birds flying high, you know how I feel
Birds (birds) flying high, birds flying high

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Smoking all day drinking on hard liquor
I stay high, even high in this song nigga
Im on silver haze what is you chiefin?
Im in the coupe keeping the rest of the birds sleeping
And I'm high to the tip top
And I'm twisted with a slip knot
Tangled in the grip-lock
And will I ever stop? never that
Light it up bring it back
Bring a ounce not a sack
I got it foggy as a suana in the building
Looking for ur boy, im probably crawling on the ceiling
Fallin on the railing catch me im gone
Im in another zone but trust me im home
Where the blunts be thicker than the arm
And every time Capo roll 'em, he say, "This one is the bomb"
So you know I gotta explode
I dont know where yall at but im in my mode where the...

[Hook x2]

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
Keep it coming dont fuck up rotation (naww)
Clean your piss dont fuck up probation (naww)
Shit im glad I ain't got those cases
I can smoke free, my nerves bad, ain't got no patience (naww)
But my birds fly higher your coupe drive by but my coupe drive by ya
Im higher than a kite still lookin for a lighter
Can't get no higher still lookin for a lighter
Big Bob Marley blunts keep a chick in the ride on my side (yea) big ol' donkey butt (yupp)
She talkin to much pass her weed calm the slut
I ain't trynna hear that shit just smoke bitch (smoke)
This is what I call Dyckman's finest sit back baby relax ur tight vagina
Enjoy ur ride enjoy ur high and show some respect when u see the (birds flyin high)

[Hook x2]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
No Ceilings
Haha! Yeah!

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Party on the beach, p—party on the beach
Party animal, they done let me off the leash
I got my weed from the West
My pills from the East
And two bottles of Goose—that's "geese"
Haha!

[Hook: Mack Maine]
No Ceilings (No Ceilings, motherfucker!)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Yeah!)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Young Money)
Tonight's gonna be a good, good night (Haha! I like this)
No Ceilings (Yeah!)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Yeah)
Tonight's gonna be a good night (Yeah)
Tonight's gonna be a good, good night (Ahem)
No Ceilings!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Tonight’s the night, I’m high as height
Ugh, I’m young and restless, I shines my guiding light
And, um, I’m living right, yeah, my health alright, huh
My money good, and my girl a dyke, shit
Let’s live it up, yeah, no dying down, yeah
Yeah, let’s shoot the bar; sh— shit, I’ll buy the rounds, hey
I’ll take the shots, chyeah, I’m bulletproof, yeah
Nike, "Just Do It," I do what it do
I was drinking before I came; when I got here I did the same
I don’t like beer—I like champagne; so, cheers to Lil Wayne
And if she think she get my number, just hope my number don’t change
G—G—G—G—Girl, stop playing, I got that pussy on a string
Now, let’s do it

[Bridge: will.i.am & Lil Wayne]
Let’s do it (Hahaha!), let’s do it
Let’s do it, let’s do it (No Ceilings)
And do it, and do it
Let’s live it up (Yeah)
And do it, and do it
And do it, do it, do it (Hahaha)
Let’s do it, let’s do it
Let’s do it (Young Mula, baby!)

[Hook: Mack Maine]
No Ceilings, woo-hoo! (Ha!)
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (No Ceilings)
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (Motherfucker)
Tonight gonna be a good good night (Young Money)
No Ceilings, woo-hoo!
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (Now, I’m 'bout to really go in)
Tonight’s gonna be a good night (I’m going in!)
Tonight’s gonna be a good, good night (Scoob, I see you!)
No Ceilings

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Okay, kush got my Dutch fat as fuck; Weezy F.—I’m bad as luck
I’m already at the top, I’m 'bout to pull the ladder up
Flow crazy, I need a counselor; I’m hip-hop’s announcer
I’m in the gun club—do you want to meet the bouncer?
Been a beast, and still, I am; now, I rock, and still, I jam
Few niggas with me got that white girl like will.i.am
Look up, bitch—ain’t no ceilings
See me at the top, controlling things
Anybody beat—it's a motherfucking murder scene! I do it!

[Bridge: will.i.am & Lil Wayne]
Let’s do it, let’s do it
Let’s do it, let’s do it
And do it, and do it
Let’s live it up
And do it, and do it (Yeah, haha)
And do it, do it, do it
Let’s do it, let’s do it (No Ceilings)
Let’s do it (Motherfucker!)

[Outro: Lil Wayne & Mack Maine]
Yeah!
Shout-out to the Black Eyed Peas
Woo-hoo!
No Ceilings, motherfucker
Young Mula, baby! I’m gone

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Fast livin, Good weed, Bad women
Rollin up joints wit hash in ‘em
True pot head, do everything last minue
Not concerned wit the cash im spendin
Because the cash I get it
Groupies fall through an crash wit us
Watch movies, laugh
Go in they bag and smoke they last wit us
Bongs, bowls, vapors, gas masks and stuff
Niggas know we the shit, cameras flash on us
Roll the grass up, bottles on chill, fill ya glass up
Niggas losin they bitches soon as they glance
Cause they know the difference between the small time business
And the enterprise my nigga
Ain't been gone, its just been a while my nigga
Battery strong, i’m energized my nigga
I’m tryin to ball, you playin a game
Haters sayin I changed, I say look at my chain Mane

[Hook]
Why they hate me boy
I’m just goin hard cause its out there for us
Now im all in they faces, cause im on the road
Now they gotta talk about me when im gone
Now they gotta talk about me when im gone
Now they gotta talk about me when im gone

[Verse 2: Curren$y]
(jets til the next) the life I'm
Product of triple og advice
Listen and apply
You niggas just sitting round us trynna shake ya high
Talkin' too much round the bitches
Lookin type bozo an everybody in the room know
Rabie flow dog trill Cujo
Michael knight got your bitches on the bus playin' excite bike
Roll something you ain't here just to be a bad bitch
Spitta the originator high rappin' aircraft shit Goose died
Trynna fly a jet word to Maverick, doobie passes like Magic
Lit the forum, 80s status, lace my forums up
High top adidas strap classic, can't tell me nathan
Bout my 79 lando chromido daytons, vacations
Carry on louie while u carry on hatin
Yeaaaa, til the next life all right

[Hook]
Why they hate me boy
I’m just goin hard cause its out there for us
Now im all in they faces, cause im on the road
Now they gotta talk about me when im gone
Now they gotta talk about me when im gone
Now they gotta talk about me when im gone

[Intro: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama & Nancy Sinatra sample]
"Dedication 2"
Bang, bang, I shot you down
Alright, I think y’all ready this time
Bang, bang, you hit the ground
Bang, bang, that awful sound
Y’all know what I come here for!
Bang, bang, I used to shoot you down
Call me the iPod King
Haha
Call me Mr. Thanksgiving
“Dedication 2,” that’s right
Call me whatever the fuck you want
You already—

[False Start: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ tags]
Wake up, motherfuckers: it's Weezy—you got a problem
Hats to them Katrina victims—we still mobbin' (Rest In Peace!)
Shiny, black coupe, at night, look like a goblin (Gangsta!)
AK on the backseat, baby, it's so— (Oh! Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!)

[Verse: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ tags]
Wake up, motherfuckers: it's Weezy—you got a problem
Hats to them Katrina victims—we still mobbin'
Shiny, black coupe, at night, look like a goblin
AK on the backseat—baby, it's so vivrant
Watch me let it spray like a hydrant—can't dodge it
You not gettin' wet in the rain is not logic
She won't give that pussy to Wayne, I'm so obliged, just
Live and direct from inside of your bitch body, and— (Gangsta!)
Hi there, ho—what do you know? I'm ridin'—
In the same streets my pops died in; I got 'em, and—
I get that money—tell my mama I'm grindin'
And I'll be coming home with our future in my pocket
Shoot you if you block it, leave a nigga awkward
Murder the adults, and let the kids get adopted
Sit it in the pot and watch me rise to power
Gettin' out twenty American pies an hour
Goddamn! Excuse me, ma'am, but I'm the man
And you better put my money in my hand—stop playin'!
Got ends; no friends—just brothers, one color
And I spread the motherfucker all over your room shutters
Yeah, they knew better—I'm two letters
I'm like MJ at two-three: an OG
Yeah, I'm low-key 'cause niggas and bitches is police
I roll leaf; patching up the game's slow leak—I'm Weezy Baby!

[Break: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ tags]
(Gangsta Gri-Zillz!) Hahahaha
Let me catch my breath
Okay—
Pussy-ass—
Pussy-ass ho—
Pussy-ass— (Get 'em!)
Pussy—

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ tags]
Pussy-ass niggas, fake fraud-ass niggas
Tryna save the past, SIM card-ass niggas (Ill!)
Them broads laugh at you, them niggas won't kill ya
And them niggas that's with you could die right with ya (Gangsta! Oh!)
I'll be shootin everything up in my eyesight mister
I say, "I might miss you, but lil' FeFe gon' hit you
And lil' Currensy'll split you, Mack Maine'll straight flip you
Let Taz Po ship you, then we all forget you"
I'm sittin' in the kitchen, like, "How can we all get richer?"
Got paint on my hands from painting the perfect picture
Then, I tell lil' Josh, "Roll up the perfect Swisher"
Goddamn the hurricane—to the weed man: We miss ya
I'm the best—just listen
I ain't what the game been missin'—that's my nigga Juelz
I been here since twelve
Ten shells, let 'em save themselves
Fuck them niggas and they pals—pow, pow!

[Tyga]
Uh, in this world after one thing
Get your money man, like my uncle told me
Haven’t slept since, cause my dreams real big
I ain't even rich yet, so get up off my dick bitch
Oh shit haters through the mist, on some g-shit
Low clip, pop gun, hot toast, brutal shit
You a little noodle drip, watch a shark eat the fish
Ever seen piranha, it’s like the movie jaws again
Leave a nigga barbershop, chop his top, head gone
Too fly, three strong, nick name, gold bones
What the fuck you boys want
Roll on you like a joint
Talk behind a nigga back but muthafucka don’t you point

[Pharrell]
KFC by the bucket, thats really raw
AK’s you can’t tuck it, thats really raw
Watching porno’s on the iPad, thats really raw
Lamborghini’s with the wide back, it's really raw

[Tyga]
It’s that raw from the Crippers, Pyru’s and strippers
Homie, you could tip her, but I already get her
Harder than I did her, same shit, get no different
Ain't no fun if the homies can’t hit it
Bitches, ice cold heart make you shiver
I got the flow, make summer turn winter
Ch-ch-chilly raw cheese steak made up in Philly
I come in peace like a hippie
Piece on my chain, grandma say that silly
The new sports car, retard, Timmy
Watching porno’s on the ipad, illy
Tryna follow my style, don’t get dizzy muthafucka what you know ’bout

[Pharrell]
Jerseys with the stealers, that's really raw
20 niggas on four wheelers, that's really raw
Going green, thats so cool, that's really raw
My jacket smell like jet fuel, it’s killing y’all

[Snoop]
Just bought a ’77 baby blue Cadillac
Run it down, set it off, let it off, get back
Diss this twist, this is one of my flavas
Guerilla’s, lions and tigers, they all of my neighbours
Swinging from a vine, like step in my limelight
My kids and my wife and my life got my mind right
Now, what do you do when they spray with the AK
Retaliate nigga cause ya life full of melee
We got the heat for the street, let me that dough
Ya boy talkin like we don’t know
Blast pass with the forks, no you rollin’ with the locusts
Been the pimpest and the hippest and I’ve always been the dopest
Peep my style

[Pharrell]
Louis bags you can’t order, thats really raw
Miami cribs on blue water, thats really raw
Blood making the game redder, thats really raw
Nigga we hot like Mayweather, it’s killin’ y’all
P stand for Pacquiao nigga

[Game]
California Nas
I’m more raw than red snapper in the pacific ocean
More raw than the brick as soon as you split it open
Talkin’, the kitchen smokin
Talkin’ the pots bubbling
I got the blueberry on deck but not muffins
My Glock stuffed in my Levi’s
My Levi's on the buttersoft leather
Panamera 4-door Porsche
My chick named Portia
They two in the same, my stick game is torture
Monday night raw, got niggas in figure four locks
Hit the block Y-O, you would think it was four Lox
I don’t rap for Billboard spots
I just wanna fuck as many bitches as I can and cop some more drops
Raw

[Pharrell]
Gargling with champagne, thats really raw
Classic millionaire frames, thats really raw
White tee’s and Jordan 3′s, thats really raw
Windmilling with them shits on, killin’ y’all
Nigga, raw

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill]
Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song

[Ad-libs: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill]
(Ah!) Yooo! (Yeah! Yeah!)
This is Wyclef, Refugee Camp (L-Boogie up in here)
Pra'zrel, (Pra'zrel up in here! Ha! Ha!)
Lil' Base sits up there on the base (Refugees up in here)
While I'm on this... I got my girl L (Ah, ah)
One time (One time), one time, (One time)
Ayo, L, you know you got the lyrics

[Verse 1: Lauryn Hill]
I heard he sang a good song
I heard he had a style
And so I came to see him
And listen for a while
And there he was
This young boy, stranger to my eyes

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean]
Strumming my pain with his fingers (One time, one time)
Singing my life with his words (Two times, two times)
Killing me softly with this song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song

[Verse 2: Lauryn Hill]
I felt all flushed with fever
Embarrassed by the crowd
I felt he found my letters
Then read each one out loud
I prayed that he would finish
But he just kept right on

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean]
Strumming my pain with his fingers (One time, one time)
Singing my life with his words (Two times, two times)
Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song

[Interlude: Wyclef Jean]
Yo, L-Boog, take me to the bridge

[Bridge: Lauryn Hill]
Woah
Woah-oah-ah-ah-ah uh, uh
La-la-la, la, la, la
Woah, la
Woah, la (Ha, ha, ha, ha)
Laaaa

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill]
Strumming my pain with his fingers (Yes, he was singing)
Yes he was singing my life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
Strumming my pain, yeah (Strumming my pain)

[Outro: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill]
Yo, put your hands together for L-Boogie from the Refugee Camp (Yeah, yeah)
(Singing my life)
Up in here, you know how we do, L-Boogie up in here
Wyclef, Pra'zrel, said L-Boogie up in here
Wyclef up in here
My man Lil' Base (Pra'zrel up in here)
Jerry one time (T Rocks up in here, we got Warren up in here)
This is how we— (Warren up, up in here, Outsiders up here)
Refugee Camp, Refugee Camp (We got Fallon up in here, Mulaney, Mulaney's up in here, we got Val' up in here)

[Skit]
Everybody got a breaking point, kid, and they'll rat on you
The family niggas'll rat on you
That's why we gotta be prepared to take out whoever we need to (Man, motherfucker, I told you I was gonna get you next)

[Intro]
Clap your hands everybody, if you got what it takes
'Cause I'm KRS and I'm on the mic, and Premier's on The Breaks
Goin' out to the hardcore hip hop
Goin' out to the hardcore hip hop
Of course we don't flip flop

[Verse 1]
If you don't know me by now I doubt you'll ever know me
I never won a Grammy, I won't win a Tony
But I'm not the only MC keepin' it real
When I grab the mic to smash a rapper, girls go, "Ill"
Check the time as I rhyme, it's 1995
Whenever I arrive the party gets liver
Flow with the master rhymer, as I leave behind
The video rapper, you know, the chart climber
Clapper, down goes another rapper
Onto another matter, punch up the data, Blastmaster
Knowledge Reigns Supreme Over Nearly Everybody
Call up KRS, I'm guaranteed to rip a party
Flat top, braids, bald heads or knotty dreads
There once was a story about a man named Jed
But now Jed is dead, all his kids instead
Want to kick rhymes off the top of they head
Word, what go around come around I figure
Now we got white kids callin' themselves niggas
The tables turned as the crosses burned
Remember You Must Learn
About the styles I flip and how wild I get
I go on like a space age rocket ship
You could be a mack, a pimp, hustler or player
But make sure live you is a dope rhyme sayer

[Chorus]
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know

[Verse 2]
This is what you waited all year for
The hardcore, that's what KRS is here for
Big up Grand Wizard Theodore, gettin' ill
If you see then ya saw I'm in your grill with mad skill
MC's can only battle with rhymes that got punchlines
Let's battle to see who headlines
Instead of flow for flow let's go show for show
Toe for toe, yo, you better act like you know
Too many MC's take that word 'emcee' lightly
They can't Move a Crowd, not even slightly
It might be the fact that they express wackness
Let me show ya whose ass is the blackest
I flip a script a little bit, you ride the tip and shit
Too sick to get with it, admit you bit, your style is counterfeit
Now tone it down a bit
My title you will never get, I'm too intelligent
I'll send your family my sentiments, my style is toxic
When I rock and shock and hip hop it unlock your head, I knock it
It split quick from the lyric
Direct hit, perfect fit, you can't get with it

[Chorus]
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know

[Verse 3]
Some MC's don't like the KRS but they must respect him
Cos they know this kid gets all up in they rectum
Slappin' and selectin' em, checkin' em, disrespectin' em
Just deckin' em, deckin' em, deck-in' em
Who in their right mind can mimic a style like mine
I design rhyme and get mine all the time
MC's standin' on the sidelines, always dissin'
When I roll up and rush their crew, they start bitchin'
I don't burn, I don't freeze, yet some MC's
Believe they could tango with the likes of these
Cross your t's and dot your i's whenever I arrive
Wide, magnified, live like the ocean tide
You dope, you lied, I reside like Artifacts
On the Wrong Side of Da Tracks, electrified
Comin' around the mountain, you run and hide
Hopin' your defence mechanism can divert my heat-seeking lyricism
As I spark mad izm
The 1996 lyrical style's what I give 'em

[Chorus]
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know
MCs act like they don't know

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Michael Phelps this for you baby

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I’m goin’ for the gold
My heart is in control, my mind is on succeed
And I am in the lead
Don’t buy into the schemes
The science or stratege
Just giant N-U-T’s brings triumph and relief
I’m reliant on redeem, inspired by the green
Never tieing off of fatigue, never defiant to my team
Never lying on the thing until I’m lying on the thing
Hooked to wires and things I’m a die as a king
If I don’t do it now I’m a try it again
And when I do accomplish it
I’m a try it again, I’m a riot insane
I’m a lion my mane hangs down to my strings
And they’re tied to the game, I stay dry when it rain
I’m tried of the fame
Got everything to gain and I’m proud of the pain
The pride and the plain, the wise and the strange
Denied by the sane besides we’re the same
Whose guiding the train, whose flyin’ the plane
Whose drivin’ the lane
Who dies when it bang, who fires when it bang
Who lies in the aim
Two lives in the drain, who cries when they sang
You hide but you can’t, you hide but you ain’t
I advise you to thank, you’ll find what you can’t
Revive what you taint, survive what you paint
Super-size what you shrank, the fries and the drank
Admired as a saint, defined by my rank, combined with my strength
My time and my length, I’m a iron out the kinks, yes I’m on the brink
And in the eye of a wink, I’m a retire in the bank yeeaahhh

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
And I’m no quitter cause I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
No I’m no quitter cause I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
Yeeaaahhhh I, I’m gon’ get it, I, I’m gon’ get it, yeah I’m gon’ get it yeeaahhh
Cause I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Sshh, victory consistantly
Train all year to be the enemy’s misery
No stress visibly, neither does it enter me
I think positively
You can’t harm me mentally
Not physically, not spiritually
You’ll never get rid of me
I am the epitome of this is what you did to me
Nothin’s what you did for me, nothin’s what you give to me
I take whatever I’m visualing
Now break all of the limiting, now shake all of the gimicking
The fakery, the trickery, nurse how sick is he, worse I’m sickening
I’ll be at the finish line first
How quick is he, I’ma make sure they mention me for the next century
I ain’t with the bickering, I’m full of dignity, I’m full of energy
Pull out the inner me or bull after dinner meat
I stood in the winter heat, it could be the end of me, but good be defending me yeeeaaahhh

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
And I’m no quitter, I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
Yeeeaaaahhh and I’m no quitter, I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
And I’m no quitter cause I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yeaahhh I’m allergic to cheatin’
I hate failure and I’m in love with achievement
Above and beneath it
A hug when I greet it
My eyes on the prize
And I love when I seek it
Done with the speakin’ begun with the preachin’
Now pray until I am one with the deacon
Now play until I have won whatever we win
I play until I have won and then I re-win, yeeeaaahhhh

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
And I’m no quitter, I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
Yeeeaaaahhh and I’m no quitter
I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
I’m gon’ get it, yeah I’m gon’ get it, yeah I’m gon’ get it yeah
And I’m no quitter, I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
Yeeeaaaahhh and I’m no quitter
I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
Yeeeaaaahhh and I’m no quitter
I’m a go, I’m a go, I’m a go getter
And I’m no quitterrrrr

[Intro: J Cole]
LA, NC, NY, The Chi, yeah, hey, yeah

[Verse 1: J Cole]
I wake up, hop out the shower spray cologne on while I'm dressing
They hollering 'bout recession so my niggas out here stressing
But bitch, I'm live and breathing so to me that there's a blessing
See life is like a test that I ain't never got no F in
Stepping out today, I gotta leave the crib, Momma stressing out, I pray
That ain't nobody gon' pull the weapon out and spray
'Cause I don't got no strap
And ever since we hit depression, niggas don't know how to act
In fact, there goes some niggas there, hating, I feel the stare
Me verse you shining, that's like a diamond and silverware
Let y'all feel the glare I gotta go now
I'm riding through the city with the windows rolled down
Shorty hollered, so I pulled up beside her, I'm fronting, “What's your name?”
She told me, “Boy, you know me, don't play no games
Now, look, they say you're blowing up, hey, is it true, fired up?”
I say, “Girl, they wasn't kidding like they tubes tied up"

[Chorus]
I'm hollering hey
Good God, what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressing over shit they got to pay
Ay tell me what's work without play
All my niggas hollering hey
Good God, what a day
Hey baby girl, tell me can you get away?
Where ain't nobody hollering 'bout the problems of the world
It's just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holler

[Verse 2: J Cole]
Okay so word been spreading
That I done jetted to New York, I was up there doing my thing
So now some folks I used to know is hollering out “J. Cole!”
I got to chuckle 'cause I know they used to say Jermaine, so who changed?
What's in name though, when niggas can't hang on your shoestrings?
The flow insane plus I got that flamethrow, that Liu Kang
Even in the winter we bring feelings of summer Suzanne
We get them hooked like T-Pain, and scoop them hoes like loose change
Can you blame me? I'm just a boy straight out the Ville
These wangsta-ass niggas getting played out for real
You acting like you trill, nigga you bet' not!
You talking out your ass, you finna get your head rocked
This is where they shooting sideways, boys getting blazed
Can't afford to fly so we get high to get away
Now come here ladies, see we tryna get you loose, pour it up
Take this juice, we gon' mix it with this Goose, don't throw it up

[Chorus]
I'm hollering hey
Good God, what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressing over shit they got to pay
Ay tell me what's work without play
All my niggas hollering hey
Good God, what a day
Hey baby girl tell me can you get away?
Where ain't nobody hollering 'bout the problems of the world
It's just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holler

[Outro]
Yeah, hey, yeah, hey, yeah

[Intro]
So we're gonna stand on perimeter
We did have some shots fired right down the street on us
While this was goin on, so we gotta set up a tight perimeter
We got the streets blocked off
To make sure we don't have any drivebys on us
Other than that, the operation went fairly well
Hell no, this shit is crazy
Where is it they're coming from?
I don't believe that shit

[Verse]
Who told you that? Rolled through, brrat!
Old to the new knows who holds the hat
Custom tailored fitted, head stayed same size
Big since first born, well spitted game wise
Same guy, same disguise
Sick aim eye stare at thick dame thighs, click claim prize
And the lucky contestant was sent
A whole year's supply of buckets of yucky excrement
Digital format, provide the ROM
Ride calm, flow was like a roadside bomb (Woo)
Flipped the Humvee, impact was limb-numbing
Cameraman wig back, gunner screaming "Incoming!"
RPG, rhyme propelled grenade
Time to yell, scramble for cover in the shade
Bright as the midday sun, then it fade
Darkness come quick, some run and get sprayed
Rot dead, hot lead, it's rainin'
Left 'em with they brains kicked in with they trainin'
Dragged the remains into the open by the bootstraps
Dog tag attached to explosive human booby traps
Where's air support? Ears ringin', mortars whistlin'
Bloodshot vision, afterthought: abort mission
Too little too late, as the last man gush
Took no prisoners mush, rap ambush

[Outro]
Murdalizing sucker emcees!

[Intro]

[Verse 1: Waka Flocka Flame]
Woke up this morning, bussed down a swisher
Looked in the mirror, like I'm one rich ass nigga'
Brush my teeth with 100's, wipe my ass with these 50's
All about the Benji's, competition can't fuck with me
Know these nigga's envy green bottle Remy fifty, in my semi
Waka Flocka Flame, I'm not friendly
I'm so motherfucking neighborhood, let's get that understood
I'm not crossing over, this ain't b-ball
Got partners behind the g-wall, 30 for a murder, dog
So I gotta get it all, I pull up in a 2 door
Same color as some puddin'
Goddamn that car good lookin', driver good lookin'
Goddamn them rims good lookin'

[Hook]
I know you fuck nigga's don't like us but we don't give a fuck
Copy-Catters Bite Us, they swag suck
Know you bitch nigga's gone hate my guts, Bite Me
If you think I do re-write me, they say that imitation flattery, so Bite Me
I put the Tre-8 in your mouth, I make you like it
They say that mimicking is flattery, so Bite Me
I put the AK in your face, and I make you like me

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
No chit chat, hit me back
Gucci did this, Gucci Mane did that
If I did this and I didn't do that, Why'd I do that, Why'd I do that
Put a little of this, with a little of that
But ain't nothing little about that there, cat
Triple black, back to back
By myself, still back to back
Call me stacks, because I got them racks
Got them green bags, duffel bags, can't hold cash
CEO, labled as, and it cost a price tag, but made me glad
I'm so jazz, I'm so class
I don't need no bronco to make me mad
Bitch ain't bad
Watch them chest and the mouth like a mad, got more bags in his stash
Oh my goodness, she sitting in pudding, feel like she shouldn't
Why she shouldn't, Why mess with hundreds, Ride 'round in Bentley's
I know the average block was poppalin'
Don't like me because I'm fucking Icy

[Hook]

[Lil' Wayne]
Ok, shawty lemme holla atchya
You need a man who won't holla atchya
Won't throw a dolla atchya
And listen when you speak
And when we make love you can holla at me
But when you wake up shawty say she gotta leave
Man I wish I was dumb so I can set her free
Cuz thats freedom do you understand me
Baby I know im a blood but let ya other man be

[Trey Songz]
I see you watchya gon do
You need to lose that nigga ooh that nigga
Can do what I do we can make your body speak
Make it go ooh, ooh ooh ooh
You can be dealin wit a reala trilla dude
Whatchya gon do shawty lemme know
Its gettin to the point where I can't take no more

[i can't take no more]
Guess what im tryna say is
I can't wait no more

[Trey Songz]
Girl I can’t help but wait
Till you get that with him it don’t change
Girl I can't wait
Till you see that with me it ain’t the same
Girl I can't wait
Till you see you for what you really are
Baby girl you are a star
And I can’t help but wait

[Trey Songz]
Listen, It ain't fresh to just let him call the shots
For the queen you should be gettin all that someones got
You should be rockin the latest purses bracelets and watchs
Your worth much more then an occasional I love you
Im thinking of you
And baby girl its getting to the point where I can't take no more

[i can't take no more]
Guess what im tryna say is
I can't wait no more

[Trey Songz - Hook]

[Lil Wayne]
I got patience
Doc carter baby yea I got patience
Pullin up on you in a humee
And somethin as wide as a sony flat screen
Watchin tony montana like I never seen
But I can hear ur heart screamin lemme redeam it
Cuz he dont know what he doin he just interveining
He’s an inconvenient, inconvenience
Its simple seince
I ment science better yet math
Me plus you baby girl lets add
And we never divide and we just subtract
His punk ass my class ill pass
We pass pens and the pads
I ain't worried about that
I never look back
Your boyfriend wack
Wonder why I call him that?
Because a real man never talk with his hands
Boy you a girl girl you grand
Like ten hundred dolla bills you grand
And girl ima g tell ya girls about me
And ima only beat dat spot
If you sweet ima hit ya sweet spot
And he not
I can make it sound like a little teapot
And if dat nigga hurt you ima kiss you till it stop
Im on the clock

[Trey Songz - Hook]

[Intro]
Have you ever been to heaven at night? Night
Have you ever been to heaven at night?
Heaven at night

[Verse]
Have you ever been to heaven at night?
Closing your eyes, the feeling so right
At first you might see just one bright beam of light
Clutching your soul to the toll of the bright
Happy unites and feelings take flight
Blind to the evils, you give them no sight
Focus on floatin', your focus is tight
Like you rewrote an essay for a class, to pass in the night
Have you ever seen an ending so nice?
You feel so free, like you're high as a kite
Like how you feel if you drink some Bud Light, followed by Jag
Models who smile, then tilt their head back
These are a few of the visions I like
Mixed in with light, these are my favorites to dream in the night
This is my heaven at night

[Chorus]
Have you
Ever been to heaven at night?
Heaven at night
Oh, have you
Ever been to heaven at night?
Heaven at night

[Post-Chorus]
Man, oh
I need what the world can't give me
Can't give me
Man, oh
I see what the world can't show me
Can't show me
Dawg, oh
I lack what the world can't give me
Can't give me
Dawg, oh
I sing it but the world can't hear me
Can't hear me

[Bridge]
Heaven at night
Heaven at night

[Chorus]
Have you
Ever been to heaven at night?
Heaven at night
Oh, have you
Ever been to heaven at night?
Heaven at night

[Intro: Fergie & will.i.am]
What you gon' do with all that junk
All that junk inside your trunk?
I'ma get-get-get-get you drunk
Get you love drunk off my hump
My hump, my hump
My hump, my hump, my hump
My hump, my hump, my hump
My lovely little lumps, check it out!

[Verse 1: Fergie & will.i.am]
I drive these brothers crazy, I do it on the daily
They treat me really nicely, they buy me all these iceys
Dolce & Gabbana, Fendi and then Donna
Karan, they be sharing all their money
Got me wearin' fly gear but I ain't asking
They say they love my ass in Seven Jeans, True Religion
I say "No," but they keep giving
So I keep on taking, and no, I ain't taken
We can keep on dating, I keep on demonstrating my love (Love)
My love, my love, my love (Love)
You love my lady lumps (Love)
My hump, my hump, my hump (Love)
My humps they got you

[Chorus: Fergie & will.i.am]
She's got me spending (Ooh)
Spending all your money on me
And spending time on me
She's got me spending (Ooh)
Spending all your money on me
On-on me, on me

[Post-Chorus: Fergie & will.i.am]
What you gon' do with all that junk
All that junk inside your trunk?
I'ma get-get-get-get you drunk
Get you love drunk of my hump
What you gonna do with all that ass
All that ass inside 'em jeans?
I'ma make-make-make-make you scream
Make you scream, make you scream!
'Cause of my hump (Huh?)
My hump, my hump, my hump (What?)
My hump, my hump, my hump (Huh?)
My lovely lady lumps, check it out

[Verse 2: will.i.am]
I met a girl down at the disco
She said "Hey, hey, hey, yeah, let's go
I could be your baby, you can be my honey
Let's spend time, not money
And mix your milk with my Coco Puffs
Milky, milky coco
Mix your milk with my Coco Puffs
Milky, milky, right"

[Verse 3: Fergie & will.i.am]
They say I'm really sexy
The boys, they wanna sex me
They always standing next to me
Always dancing next to me
Tryna feel my hump, hump
Looking at my lump, lump
You can look, but you can't touch it
If you touch it, I'ma start some drama
You don't want no drama
No, no drama, no, no, no, no drama
So don't pull on my hand, boy
You ain't my man, boy
I'm just tryna dance, boy
And move my hump
My hump
My hump, my hump, my hump
My hump, my hump, my hump
My hump, my hump, my hump
My lovely lady lumps (Love)
My lovely lady lumps (Love)
My lovely lady lumps (Love)
In the back and in the front (love)
My loving got you

[Chorus: Fergie & will.i.am]
She's got me spending (Ooh)
Spending all your money on me
And spending time on me
She's got me spending (Ooh)
Spending all your money on me
On-on me, on me

[Post-Chorus: will.i.am & Fergie]
What you gon' do with all that junk
All that junk inside your trunk?
I'ma get-get-get-get you drunk
Get you love drunk of my hump
What you gon' do with all that ass
All that ass inside 'em jeans?
I'ma make-make-make-make you scream
Make you scream, make you scream
What you gon' do with all that junk
All that junk inside that trunk?
I'ma get-get-get-get you drunk
Get you love drunk off this hump
What you gon' do with all that breast
All that breast inside that shirt?
I'ma make-make-make-make you work
Make you work, work, make you work

[Chorus: Fergie & will.i.am]
She's got me spending (Ooh)
Spending all your money on me
And spending time on me
She's got me spending (Ooh)
Spending all your money on me
On-on me, on me

[Outro: will.i.am]
So real, so real, so real, so real
So real, so real, so real, so real
So real, so real, so real, so real
So real, so real, so real, so real
So real…

[Chorus: Sean Kingston]
I see them coming see them coming, yeah
They try to bring me down, but I won’t stop
They want me in the ground, but I won’t stop
‘Til I'm gone man, I won’t stop, no
I, I see them coming, coming
They try to bring me down, but I won’t stop
They want me in the ground, but I won’t stop
Until I'm dead man, I won’t stop, yeah

[Verse 1: Sean Kingston]
Yeah, I think they mad cause I'm driving in the fast lane
But I've been grinding for years, ask hype game
It’s funny how stuff doesn’t change
From sleeping in the car to copping me that Range
I'm all world star, and all them other blogs
All them haters hating cause I am a heart throb
But do I want it all?
All the negativity is not gon' get rid of me
I'm here to make history, I'm speaking it real
Back track to the days when I ain't have me a deal, yeah
So I'mma show the world that I'm ill
Every beat that I get on best believe I'mma kill
So you can have all the jewellery, have all the cars
Have all the fame, have all the broads
You can have the fact that I'm a star
Just so you can listen to these bars

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
I see them coming see them coming, yeah
They try to bring me down, but I won’t stop
They want me in the ground, but I won’t stop
‘Til I'm dead man, I won’t stop, no
I, I see them coming, coming
They try to bring me down, but I won’t stop
They want me in the ground, but I won’t stop
Until I'm dead man, I won’t stop, no

[Verse 2: Justin Bieber]
Yeah, they talk, yeah, they talk, they don’t walk the walk I walk
I won’t stop 'til I drop, until then, I reach the top
I'mma rock to where I need to be, walk the path of destiny
Definitely been neglected, but God is always testing me
Rest in peace to all the men that died that were protecting me
Objectively, I need to tell you what just gets the best of me
Essentially, people in this world just wanna let it be
A lot of men ain't different though, just let it be, set it free
Never be scared to make change, effectively
Always look at things from different ways, perspectively
Every person in this world can do good
I just want this message understood
Alright stop, everybody’s gotta listen
Make the decision to envision a better place with no division
Religion, everybody needs a mission
Haters need to stop it, just listen

[Chorus: Sean Kingston & Justin Bieber]
I see them coming, yeah
They try to bring me down, but I won’t stop
They want me in the ground, but I won’t stop
‘Til I'm gone man, I won’t stop, no
I, I see them coming, coming
They try to bring me down, but I won’t stop
They want me in the ground, but I won’t stop
Until I'm dead, man, I won’t stop, no

[Intro]
Don't call me Gaga
I've never seen one like that before
Don't look at me like that
You amaze me
He ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart (You little monster)
He ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart out (You amaze me)
Ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart
He ate my heart, he a-a-ate my heart (Big boy)

[Verse 1]
Look at him, look at me
That boy is bad and honestly
He’s a wolf in disguise
But I can't stop staring in those evil eyes (Evil eyes, evil eyes)

[Pre-Chorus]
I asked my girlfriend if she’d seen you 'round before (Oh yeah)
She mumbled something while we got down on the floor, baby
"We might’ve fucked, not really sure, don’t quite recall (Oh yeah)
But something tells me that I've seen him, yeah"

[Chorus]
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
That boy is a monster-er-er-er-er

[Post-Chorus]
He ate my heart (I love that girl)
He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell)
He ate my heart (I love that girl)
He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell)

[Verse 2]
He licked his lips
Said to me, "Girl, you look good enough to eat"
Put his arms around me
Said, “Boy, no, get your paws right off of me”

[Pre-Chorus]
I asked my girlfriend if she'd seen you 'round before (Oh yeah)
She mumbled something while we got down on the floor, baby
"We might've fucked, not really sure, don’t quite recall (Oh yeah)
But something tells me that I’ve seen him, yeah"

[Chorus]
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster-er-er-er-er

[Post-Chorus]
He ate my heart (I love that girl)
He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she’s hot as hell)
He ate my heart (I love that girl)
He ate my heart (Wanna talk to her, she’s hot as hell)

[Breakdown]
He ate my heart, he ate my heart
Instead, he's a monster in my bed
He ate my heart, he ate my heart
Instead, he’s a monster in my bed

[Bridge]
I wanna just dance, but he took me home instead
Uh-oh, there was a monster in my bed
We french kissed on a subway train
He tore my clothes right off
He ate my heart and then he ate my brain
Uh-oh, uh-oh (I love that girl)
(Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell)
(He ate my heart) Uh-oh, uh-oh
(He a-a-ate my heart)
(I love that girl)
(He ate my heart)
(Wanna talk to her, she's hot as hell)

[Chorus]
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster-er-er
That boy is a monster (He ate my heart) (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(He a-a-ate my heart)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster (He ate my heart) (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster (Mo-mo-mo-monster)
(Could I love him?)
That boy is a monster-er-er-er-er

[Intro: Big Boi]
Yeah, I’m back off in this bitch one more time
To drop this rhyme, about where my roots at
Yeah, Westside is in the house
Frazier Homes is in the house
Cloverdale is in the house
And Savannah, GA is in the house, so check it…

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
February 1st, 1975 it happened
Was born in West Savannah way before I started rappin'
My mamma had a nigga at the age of fifteen
My daddy was sellin' that sack, now he's gots responsibilities
Stayed at me granny's while me mammy was at work
And she couldn't watch my every move so shit I started servin'
Around Frazier Home, down in the Westside projects
Changin' over foodstamps, and hittin' a lick was next see
I'm just a playa like that, my jeans was sharply creased
I got a fresh white t-shirt and my cap is slightly pointed East
So flyin', or floatin', a Brougham is what I'm sportin'
Sade is in my tape deck, I'm moving in slow motion, boi
So meet me deep in the streets that's where I learned the capers
Us lickin' blunts, lickin' leaves, rolling reefer papers
I'm slightly slouched, in the seats off in my bucket
But the niggas around the Ave. and the hoes, they love me
They wanna be me and my family too
Because the money that I make be puttin' cable off in every room
So follow the fiends, follow my lead through the nooks and crannies
It's everyday life off in my hood so come and holla at me
But go 'head on, with that foolishness bitch
Let me get lovely with my swerve because I'm true to this shit
And if you coming with eight dollars, you shit out of luck
Because the Westside ain't taking no shorts on the dime
So fire it up

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
See, niggas in the South wear gold teeth and gold chains
Been doing it for years, so these niggas ain't gone change
They coming around the ghetto so you might call em soul
Been wearing furry Kangol's, so that shit is old
You might slang a rock or two just to pay the rent
Five dollars for a table dance so now your money's spent
You listen to that booty shake music in your trunk
As long as there's that "tic tic" followed by that bump
I'm down to stick a ho if she got a G-string
'Cause the niggas in the Point ain't changed, man
You might call us country, but we's only Southern
And I don't give a fuck, P-Funk spot to spark another

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)
Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)
Nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(and it don't stop, and it don't quit, it's like that and ah)
Now, now, now, nine in my hand, ounce in my crotch
Diggin' the scene with a gangsta slouch, mmmmhmmmm!
(like that now, like this, and it don't quit, and it don't stop)

[Skit]
Hold on, I'm 'bout to call my girl
Man, see, how weak yo game is?
Shut up, you ain't even got one, shut up
Hello?
Wassup?
Wassup?
Get yo ass in here!
I gotta go
Hold up
Mark wants- Mark wanna know if he can get some cut-up
Some cut-up?
(Record scratch)
Ain't no cut-up going here, I'll cut y'all ass up!

[Verse 1: Domo Genesis]
Six-fifty, three hundred my shirt free
Shoot for the sky like a church league, y'all heard me
Absurd G, chickens clucking for bird seeds
But I gotta apologize, no Greece like Xerxes
Won't heat or burn me, I'm the coolest nigga here
Usually defecation, now I'm pissing in your ear
My tablet is the ratchet and the pistols in the rear
I'll bang if it was bangless, now the tracks no longer here
Metaphor, chilling with better whores
Smoking then later on, I bone them like Skeletor
What would I sell this for, this is free distribution
Style, they straight jack it like mental institutions
Outfits is ruthless, now your bitch is choosing
She floating round winners, now your bitch you losing
Yeah, cause I'm the Super Sega Genesis
Salute me, game: invented it, and you can't get no membership, little bitch

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Six hundred sixty-six, leave it for the tip
Of my dick, head, meltin' off and let it rip
Just like a cannon from the teen in Nick
That's equivalent, to the poison in a cigarette
Tyler, The Creator invented some new shit
And it's probably from the Illuminati, Nazi descent, so
If I give a fuck, it's probably from my dick
When I'm Cheneyin' your daughter, she's tied up inside a tent, yeah
Odd Future Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang presents
We're back like a black bitch's hairline indent
The shit I represent is killin' niggas and shit
That's why I traded R. Kelly my sister for a new hit
I get it crackin' like the lips of a nigga, actor
Or a Dahmer when he invited me in for cheese and crackers
Just to watch the Grammys, man she's so attractive
Now he's mad and tryna run me over out with Gacy's tractor
Hop over, run backwards, with a knap sack of green Supreme hats
Like I was sponsored up by the fuckin' Packers
Shittin' on niggas, my tongue considered a laxative
Maxi pad, leave the beat brown like Rihanna lips
Back washing to my gang, you don't wanna take a sip
Fuck Wolf Gang, fuck what? Here let's take a trip
Take a look, to this bullet, now my finger slipped
My only purpose in life to kill myself up on accident
Freshjive, yeah I get it no charge
Dick soft as fuck, but somehow I go hard
Forearm with my gang name, that's an old carve
Chima Ferguson's bangin', you Ace niggas is Low Card, Wolf Gang

[Verse 3: Jasper Dolphin]
Niggas rollin' deep, burners pulled out
Niggas in the street scared
Cause I got the burner in the hand-

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator]
That shit was wack as fuck
Don't ever rap again in your fuckin' life

[Intro: Soulja Boy & Lil Wayne]
Soulja Boy
Weezy

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
Hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
Took a look in the mirror, said, "What's up?"
Yeah, I'm gettin' money, oh
Hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
Took a look in the mirror, said, "What's up?"
Yeah, I'm gettin' money, oh

[Verse 1: Soulja Boy]
Count so much money every day is gettin' my arms swole
My swag is outer space, similar to a wormhole
Dunkin' on the game like Stephon Marbury
I got red Aston Martin, I call it my strawberry
All work, no play, this is my playground
Rappers on tour but, they ridin' a Grayhound!
But they don't stay round now, my Lambo got surround sound
I'm hotter than plasma, lava, magma!
Knick-knack, paddywhack, give the dog a bone
I'm like get back, gimme dat, give the king his throne
You like knick-knack, paddywhack, give the dog a bone
I'm like get back, gimme dat, give the king his throne
Honey, I am home
Walk into the dealership, add another whip to my collection
Of pink slips
I am it!
And don't forget, this, this is the remix!

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
Hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
Took a look in the mirror, said, "What's up?"
Yeah, I'm gettin' money, oh
Hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
Took a look in the mirror, said, "What's up?"
Yeah, I'm gettin' money, oh

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Swagger on a zillion
I'm Louie V down, like a Louie V chameleon
House so big, like I live in a buildin'
No chandeliers, I got guns hangin' from the ceilin'
Brand new car, I divorced the top
See, homie, you a square, I'm a Porsche Box
Long hair, don't care, holla back, bitch
I'm in the bathroom, takin' me a rich nigga shit
Yeah, gangsta to the gristle, swagger on official
I'm the shit and you, you just a maggot on a tissue
Better tell 'em I'm hotter than a Arizona missile
White Benz, chrome wheels like a napkin on a nickel
Young Moolah, baby, Weezy baby, don't forget the Weezy baby
Black card boy, make ya throw away that Visa baby
You ain't on the planet I'm on, and I never leave my swagger at home

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
Hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
Took a look in the mirror, said, "What's up?"
Yeah, I'm gettin' money, oh
Hopped up out the bed, turn my swag on
Took a look in the mirror, said, "What's up?"
Yeah, I'm gettin' money, oh

[Intro]
So mean
So mean

[Chorus]
Every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah
And every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah

[Verse 1]
I'm feeling strange in the night
I'm not myself, I feel I'm thrown into a fight
Ah, nowhere to run, nowhere to hide, nothing's right
My skin is burning and my heart begins to speed
There's something going wrong with me
I am changing rapidly, ay
I'm feeling stronger, more alert, I'm on the move, mm
I smell her scent, and I know I will find her soon, soon, soon
The one to come and free me from this fate
I'll find her, it's not too late, hey, hey

[Chorus]
Every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah
And every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah

[Verse 2]
I'm a beast in the night
I'm on the prowl while I'm hoping to find some light
You call it Heaven, I do too, we feel the same
Ain't nothing wrong, I'll be feasting on something brave, ay
A sexy lady who's pure, she has the cure, ah
I hope she can find the man within the beast, and
I hope she saves me from the curse I have to beat, hey
I hope she figures out a way to save my soul
Yeah, to save my heart, hey

[Chorus]
Every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah
And every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah

[Post-Chorus]
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na
Whoa, na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na
Whoa, na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na

[Verse 3]
I watch the sun collapse and took up in the clizzoud
I am the lone wolf, go where I wanna
Let the moon shine, be the guide to the lizzight
Even when I stray away, the light never left me
Uh, I learn to follow my instinct
Blinded by the light, rather that than the evil
Feelin' out of place in a room full of people
Try and be the same, but you know you're not a sequel
Your fate will be
Whatever it shall be, be, be, be, be
Won't fight no more
I let these things just be, be, be, be

[Chorus]
Every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah
And every time the moon shines
I become alive, yeah

[Post-Chorus]
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na
Whoa, na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na
Whoa, na-na-na-na-na-na-na, na

[Intro: Tyga]
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Twist it all up, twist it all up

[Chorus 1: Tyga]
Everybody in the party
Hold your cup high, move your body
If you twist it, scream it loudly
Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey
Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey

[Chorus 2: Tyga]
Coconut juice got me real loose, like
Got me leanin' three thousand proof, like
Coconut juice all on the dance floor
Fellas, let your ladies go
Ladies, let your fellas go

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Come back, went straight to the club
Entrance no charge 'cause we late to the club
Um, yes, we don't stand in the club
G.E.D. on the couch, pourin' drinks on the rug
What a mess, but we clean in the club
Ice so bright, make a fight scene in the club
Don't test 'cause there's beams in the club
Red beams in the club, leave your jeans full of blood

[Chorus 2: Tyga]
Coconut juice got me real loose, like
Got me leanin' three thousand proof, like
Coconut juice all on the dance floor
Fellas, let your ladies go
Ladies, let your fellas go

[Refrain: Tyga]
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Twist it all up, twist it all up

[Verse 2: Tyga]
Come back — DJ, can I get a replay?
Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey, ayy, ayy, ayy, hey
I think the artist name was like Tyga, mayne
And he said, "I'm getting every dollar on G.E.D."
V.I., important person
Rap's most important person, so po-tent
And I'm up in this thing with my thing up
And she shakin' that thing her momma gave her

[Chorus 2: Tyga]
Coconut juice got me real loose, like
Got me leanin' three thousand proof, like
Coconut juice all on the dance floor
Fellas, let your ladies go
Ladies, let your fellas go

[Refrain: Tyga]
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Twist it all up, twist it all up

[Chorus 1: Tyga]
Everybody in the party
Hold your cup high, move your body
If you twist it, scream it loudly
Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey
Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey

[Interlude: Tyga]
Ha
Hope you're not tired
This is just a breakdown

[Bridge: Travis McCoy]
Br-br-br-br-br-break down like Britney, forgive me but I said it
Whether you're notty-dreaded or crazy bald-headed
Jump up if you love it, no guns in this jammy
So what, he's my cousin, sexy runs in the family

[Chorus 2: Tyga]
Coconut juice got me real loose, like
Got me leanin' three thousand proof, like
Coconut juice all on the dance floor
Fellas, let your ladies go
Ladies, let your fellas go

[Refrain: Tyga]
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Put the lime in the coconut and twist it all up
Twist it all up, twist it all up

[Outro: Tyga]
Hey — ayy, ayy, ayy, hey! Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey
Hey — ayy, ayy, ayy, hey! Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey
Hey — ayy, ayy, ayy, hey! Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey
Hey — ayy, ayy, ayy, hey! Ayy, ayy, ayy, hey

[Verse 1]
I don't know what's going on
About this feeling
That you got me feeling
Cause every time I try to leave, I'm right back again
And I ain't going nowhere
You got me walking on the ceiling

[Hook]
So when the times get hard and at night you're all alone, oh
I'll be the one you call
No telling where we might go
And every time you look up, baby I'm right there
Flying in the air
So let all of your fears go
And never spend the night low (Keep both of those)
We go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
We go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
We go up, up, up, up (yeah), up, up, up, up
We go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, u-up, u-up

[Verse 2]
So high, I'm not coming down
And you with me
So you ain't coming down either
Let's write our names on the cloud
Break something down
Roll it up and pass it all around
God damn, she a keeper

[Hook]
So when the times get hard and at night you're all alone, oh
I'll be the one you call
No telling where we might go
And every time you look up, baby I'm right there
Flying in the air
So let all of your fears go
And never spend the night low (Keep both of those)
We go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
We go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
We go up, up, up, up (yeah), up, up, up, up
We go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, u-up, u-up

[Outro]
Cause everything's better when you're high
Everything's better when you're high
Everything's better when you're high
If you don't smoke, I don't know why
Cause everything's better when you're high
Everything's better when you're high
Everything's better when you're high
If you don't smoke, I don't know why

Keep all that
Even keep that
And keep that too, but you can cut this out
Kush and orange juice, nigga

[Verse 1]
This here is on some truthful shit
It seems like everything I do, you're used to it
And I hate hearing stories 'bout who you've been with
That's when I gotta hide what I'm feeling inside
So you still think I'm confident, and damn
Is this gonna last?
You're up on a pedestal, are we moving too fast?
Feel like I'm in crazy competition with the past
That's why I gotta ask

[Chorus]
Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
Brand new (Brand new), brand new (Brand new), brand new
Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
(Is anything I'm doin' brand new?)
Brand new (Brand new), brand new, brand new, brand new
Oh, girl (Ayy, ayy, ayy)

[Verse 2]
This here is something personal
I highly doubt this feeling is reversible
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know
That you attempt to hide and put mistakes aside
So I don't ever question you, and damn
I can't even find the perfect brush
So I can paint what's going through my mind
Racing against myself, but I'm a couple steps behind
That's why I gotta ask

[Chorus]
Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
Brand new (Brand new), brand new (Brand new), brand new
Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
(Is anything I'm doin' brand new?)
Brand new (Brand new), brand new, brand new, brand new
Oh, girl (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
New, new, new, new, new
Or is everything I'm doing too late?
Late, late, late, late

[Bridge]
Did he take your clothes off just like this?
Did he give you loving just like this?
Did you spend the night in his bed on the very first date?
Tell me baby, am I too late?

[Chorus]
Is anything I'm doin' brand new?
Brand new (Brand new), brand new (Brand new), brand new
Show me if this is brand new (Brand new)
(Is anything I'm doin' brand new?)
New, new, new (Brand new), oh, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Weezy bad, nah really I'm good
Sound like a T-Rex live under my hood
And you better know the Tec live under my seat
Put you in the ground, now you live under my feet
All white diamonds on the front of my teeth
And you better put the O in front of my G
The bullshit they talking doesn't come to my knee
I'm like a linebacker, don't run it by me
My two best friends will accompany me
And right now they are in my dungarees 'sleep
One named Mack, one named Nina
They hit you, make you do the Macarena, where your tool?
You gon' need it like a muhfucker
And I am so New Orleans like a muhfucker
Its Young Money and we eating, get your own supper
Make me go off in the trunk, get that bone crusher

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Tec's, AK's, I leave the scene ugly
Chest, head, face, arms, legs, stomach
I never been afraid, I ain't scared of nothin'
Cause I got my thing, my thing, my thing
And that bitch go boom, boom boom
Boom, boom, boom
You hear them girls like ooh, ooh ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
They like the way I ball, they call me hot sauce
They know I keep that toaster, you can be my Pop-Tart
I never had height, but boy I got heart
And I ain't gotta speak, I just let my car talk
I got more clips than any movie you saw
I pull up on you like I need some Grey Poupon
Hard hat? No, but I got the tool on
And you should be my paper if ever the tool is drawn
Flow retarded, when I spit, I get my drool on
I don't rap, I just shit like a newborn
I don't write, I just spit like a tooth gone
So tell them haters cut it out like a coupon
How come that chopper sound like a nuke bomb?
Little nigga gotta hold that bitch with two arms
I got the heat, the fire, and the lukewarm
I'm on your heels like a shoe horn

[Hook]

[Verse]
Focus baby don't look at me
See right through me
Understand my heartbeat
Murmurs to mock your rhythm
Yeah, my nuts, the other girls want 'em
But they can't have
At least for the moment
I'm with you there could be people around
I'm just focused on you
You can sip chardonnay
And I'mma have myself a brew
I'm a country ass nigga baby
You know how I roll
Your face, never seen something more perfect
You dance in my mind like Justice
I know you listening back like
"Damn, bro!"
Laid back so gentle like the violins
Lay on the beat
And we don't have to be discreet
Can I have a taste?
"Absolutely!"
You're my sweet tangerine
Let's make a smoothie
But baby
All jokes aside
My heart beats faster when you open your thighs
I'm just ready to slide, ride, and glide
Whenever, baby
Whenever, baby
Whenever, baby
However

Whenever, however, you want me, girl
You got me (wooh hoo hoo, wooh hoo hoo)
Whenever, however, you want me, boo
It's me and you, babe
Me and you
Whenever, however, you want me, girl
You got me (wooh hoo hoo, wooh hoo hoo)
Whenever, however, you want me, boo
It's me and you, babe
Me and you
Whenever, however, you want me, girl
You got me (wooh hoo hoo, wooh hoo hoo)
Whenever, however, you want me, boo
It's me and you, babe
Me and you
Whenever, however, you want me, girl
You got me (wooh hoo hoo, wooh hoo hoo)
Whenever, however, you want me, boo
It's me and you, babe
Me and you

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
West Coast, it's time to stand up nigga
We gon' unite 'round this motherfucker one time
I'm callin' every real Crip nigga
And every real B-Dogg, to the table right now
Yeah, we gon' push a real line right now
See if y'all with this real gangsta guerrilla shit

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Have you ever seen 100,000 rip riders from the side
Blue Chuck's, blue rags, grey clouds, blue skies
On the move, can't lose, Hill Street blues
Niggas gotta pay they dues on the crews or with the uzi spray
These suckas then I cruise, my granny saw it on the news
She shook up, look up and then she put me on the move
I tried to get away, but I couldn't get far
'Cause the homies had the loop-loop that night at King Park
And I got into a squab, got caught and went to jail
Straight to the County with no motherfuckin' bail
4800 with this Crippin', oh well
My big homie Boy Blue snatched me by my coattail
He said trip Dogg, ya better get right, Crip right
Eyes open cause niggas get stuck on seez-ight
It ain't no motherfuckin' problem - pop-pop, tick-tock
Never flip-flop, 20 crippin' til I drop

[Hook]
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
Su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
Su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop
Ca-rip

[Verse 2: The Game]
Is I, in the motherfuckin' S-5
With the red bandana double knotted 'round the rearview
Niggas see clear through, they know that it's Game
Cherry red Lowenhart's let 'em know that I bang
So bang, like Snoop in "Deep Cover"
I got the seat reclined, fo-five under the white-T, smothered
Dippin' down Green Leaf, I ain't got no enemies
Been shot five times, now I bleed Hennessy
And bang for my niggas locked up, they can't stop us
It ain't a gangsta party 'til we go and dig Pac up
I'm Dr. Martin Luther King with two guns on
Hughey P. Newton with Air Force One's on
I gangbang but I'm the opposite of Tookie Williams
Red Lambo', red bandana print ceilin'
Me and Snoop got the West Coast locked
Red and blue rag tied in a knot
With all my motherfuckin' homies yellin' out

[Hook]
Su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
Su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
Ca-rip

[Verse 3: The Game]
I ran outta gas in Long Beach, I'm stuck
Ain't no Bloods and all I see is blue Chuck's
Hopped out the '6-trey, nowhere to go
Til' Snoop pulled up in that Pittsburgh Steeler '6-4
We just dippin', one Bloodin' one Crippin'
I'm on that Bulls shit, throwback Scott' Pippen
Moral is, my bandana hangin' from the left side
So if you ain't a Crip or a Blood, just throw up Westside

[Verse 4: Snoop Dogg]
(What up Blood?) Yeah cuz, we just tippin'
Me and Game doin' thangs, switchin' lanes, Hurricanes on my feet
Stop, and C-Walk to the beat
Game, take the wheel and turn on 21st Street
Eastside LBC, gun in my hand
It's the turf by the surf but we don't play in the sand
We just - slip and slide out, we rip and ride out
Let it C known, nigga welcome to the Thunderdome

[Hook]
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
Su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop
Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip, Ca-rip
Su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop
Su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop, su-whoop

[Intro]
Yo!

[Verse 1]
It's Earl, Mr. Early Bird, gets them girls with curvy curves
Skate Mental, truck smack a faggot in his Shirley Temple
Your rhymes rentals, give 'em back to they owners
At the end of the bar, I spit with the permanence
Learn I'm a curb-stomping person
Like third strike verdict dropping jaw-dropping verses
This bigger lips in person, nigga spits some burn so urn the shit
Furnish the flow until my pockets green, Kermit's dick
The Miss Piggies with a string in they ass
I control them like your eyes when I'm tinking a glass
So if you thinking about dissing stop thinking it fast
'Cause my wolves ten deep and they knuckles is brass, ho
The Miss Piggies with a string in they ass
I control them like your eyes when I'm tinking a glass
So if you thinking about dissing, stop thinking it fast
'Cause my wolves ten deep and they knuckles is brass, bitch

[Chorus]
Tell your boyfriend that's a bat and this a migraine
Don't ask why my jeans splattered with these white stains (Bitch!)
Wait, where you going, what you doing tonight?
(Stop running, bitch!)
Just want to know what you doing, come back
Tell your boyfriend that's a bat and this a migraine
Don't ask why my jeans splattered with these white stains (Bitch!)
Where you going, what you doing tonight?
Stop running, where you going, what you doing? (Bitch!)

[Verse 2]
It's Earl, Mr. Lateshift, rapist in training
Who edge about as straight as some clay closet gay dick
Ray say hey Earl's a real charming racist
Your birthday day, have some KK cake bitch
Habit have it, grab it fast and attack it, faggot
I'm above average like I'm rapping in the attic, yeah
I'm crouched in the basement shouting "Couch is the greatest hit"
Dirty as a anus is, fans stand in rain for this
They'd even stand in sleet season until they fucking feet bleeding
Hail and fucking snow, in hell with fucking coats
Probably wear more layers, there's only one Sweatshirt
He make them bow down until they mothafucking necks hurt
Fans proud to stand in sleet season 'til they fucking feet bleeding
Hail and fucking snow, in hell with fucking coats
Probably wear more layers, there's only one Sweatshirt
He make them bow down 'til they mothafucking necks hurt

[Chorus]
Tell your boyfriend that's a bat and this a migraine
Don't ask why my jeans splattered with these white stains (Bitch!)
Wait, where you going, what you doing tonight?
Just want to know what you doing, come back (Please)
Tell your boyfriend that's a bat and this a migraine
Don't ask why my jeans splattered with these white stains (Bitch!)
Where you going, what you doing tonight?
Stop running, where you going, what you doing? (Bitch!)

[Verse 3]
Mr. Deerskin Moccasins is on the fucking stalk again
Following and stalking all them larchmont soccer chicks
Chopping limbs, gnawing legs, through they fuckin' stockings
Him is grandfather sweatshirt, clockin' all them cardigans
Product of popped rubbers and pops that did not love us
So when I leave home keep my heart on the top cupboard
So I will not stutter when I'm shoutin' fuck you, son
Wolf Gang 'bout it, we ain't waitin' 'til the moon come
Woo son, the moonshine got me feelin' loose
As the puss of a whore who's used to abuse
My screws pretty loose mind fucked like the hair-doos
Of doo-doo mamas, dude I will bear jew you
You unripe fruit dudes is crews to chew through
My niggas wash 'em down with a fat carton of yoo-hoo
Odd Fu-ture Wolf Gang Kill Them All fuck 'em all
No lube, it's the crew to get used to, faggot

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
You know I'm reppin' Taylor
All my weed from Cali so you know I’m smokin' flavor
Ain't fuckin with blunts, you know we only smokin' paper
And I throw it up so that you know just what my name is
Mothafuck a hater

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Left the crib with 10 grand, bought a hundred pair
I’m the coach, I can show you how to be a player
5/8 is the fitted, bitches love my hair
Camo shorts go with anything I wanna wear
They let me in the club, fuck a dress code
Me and all my niggas rollin' up the best smoke
OG Kush from the West Coast
Oh you down to fuck? Shorty let's go
Diamonds in my chain, niggas trying to steal my lane
Chronic in my brain bitch, I’m reppin' Taylor Gang
Smoke 'til I’m insane, drinking til' I’m throwing up
Only papers if you Taylor’d nigga throw it up
High socks, low cuts
Smell that good weed, then you know it's us
That yellow car pulling up
Them niggas ain't high so they ain't close to us
Down to fly, yeah, two fingers and hold em up

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
You know I’m reppin’ Taylor
All my weed from Cali so you know I’m smokin' flavor
Ain't fuckin with blunts, you know we only smokin’ paper
And I throw it up so that you know just what my name is
Mothafuck a hater

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Bought a crib like Scarface's, this is my world
All my niggas down to bang but we can try words
Smoking ounces to the head 'til my mind twirls
I’m the mayor and my bitch look like a flag girl
Topic of discussion, talk shit cause they bitches love us
Plus them niggas suckas, I got that in living color
All my cars are different colors, all my broads are different colors
All I do is fuck 'em once and I don't call or give ‘em numbers
Ro-lex, more, sex
Good, weed, no, stress
Run my town, arms, chest
Lift, weights, Bow-flex
Throw your set up, what you rep when you twistin' ya fingers?
Real recognize real and my nig, you a stranger
Got a bank full of scrilla, a brain full of papers
Got a phone full of hoes, and a gang full of Taylors

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
You know I’m reppin’ Taylor
All my weed from Cali so you know I’m smokin' flavor
Ain't fuckin with blunts, you know we only smokin’ paper
And I throw it up so that you know just what my name is
Mothafuck a hater

[Verse 3: Chevy Woods]
You see me out, I rep my gang, used to serve that John McCain
That John McCain, hold up, they don't know my name?
Chevy (who?) Chevy (who?) look at all that shit them dollars do
Gettin' all this money with you know who, it's Taylor Gang over you
We poppin' bottles gang signs, all my niggas' gang signs
Rollin up gang signs, niggas trippin', bang time
Hold up, what they say 'bout us?
Same niggas gotta get the okay bout stuff
They ain't in the same league, they don’t play like us
No stems, no seeds, keep that rolled up
Bang on them hoes, we does that
Socket work, I just had a plug for that
Get your Taylor on, hold for whatever you rep
Throwin up the gang, 4800 still reppin' a set
Got these niggas trippin’, and these bitches too
They just haters though, no matter what we do
What up cuz, on the left side
It's Taylor Gang, and that's or die
CHEVY!

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
Taylor, Gang, Taylor, Gang
You know I’m reppin’ Taylor
All my weed from Cali so you know I’m smokin' flavor
Ain't fuckin with blunts, you know we only smokin’ paper
And I throw it up so that you know just what my name is
Mothafuck a hater

[Verse 1: Mannie Fresh]
I put piss stains on private planes, cause it's my jet nigga
Money ain't shit cause my Rottweilers drink Moët
Diamond baguette bracelets for my lovers
Player, I use Cristal to lubricate rubbers
Who got shit on his wrist that cost three nickel
Who got the project on lock when that nigga slanging pickle
Who got a Benz, a Prowler, playboy, and a 'Vette
Tell the truth -- who fucked you on the same night when we met?
Now, who got baby mamas from the N.O. to New York
Who got every bitch's attention in this motherfucker when he talk
Now who the fuck we talking about, look -- y'all dont know?
I'll give you a hint: see that bitch you with?
He fucked that ho
Now look here, y'all ain't seen my watch, it's like 'Harlem World' video
White diamonds, red rubies, blue baugettes, I don't know
Shorty, when the next time I'mma be up in your bed
I love you? You love me?
Well go 'head on and gimme some head

[Chorus: Juvenile]
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

[Verse 2: Baby]
I told 'Soul' I need something
With some hell of a ice
Nigga came back with a hell of a price
That ain't nothing, these hoes doing hella wrong
Calling these niggas on our cell phone
Bitch riding Benz on 20-inch chrome
Give me the key, the car, ho, and the alarm
For my Prowler, my Jag, my Benz and my home
Bitch you'll never ride 20-inch chrome
I love to shine, that's why the chopper's mine
Hit my block in my Benz, ho, with stretch tires
Bought a new car that I couldn't drive
Bought it to tunes before a nigga could drive
When I put the Bose system right behind my eyes
With the VC's and TV's so a nigga could shine
Let my ice bling bling like a 9 to 5
And tell all my hoes they don't need no job

[Chorus: Juvenile]
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

[Verse 3: B.G.]
I ride the best, from a Benz, to a Jag, to a Beamer, to a Lex
Might fly first class on Delta, helicopter or a jet
I'm a stunter, I'm a repper, Geezy like to shine
Drink Don, Moët, and Crissy, see that's the finest wine
20 inches is the only thing I sit my shit on
Don't bring yo bitch around me cause my dick she'll wanna sit on
And I ain't gonna tell her nothing different, that's your issue
But after she come back, your best out is not to kiss her
Whole city sayin damn, look at Fresh pinky ring
Look at B.G. watch, that bitch bling-a-ling-a-ling
I'm a ice wearer, trust me, you will never
See me sporting nothing that ain't 20 G's or better
Me and Wayne take the left, Juve and Baby take the right
It's dark in the room, we hold up our watches and it's light
Cash Money Millionaires living a hell of a life
Like my nigga Weezy said, we surrounded by ice

[Chorus: Juvenile]
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Whoa, whoa, whoa
Now I'm shinin' beamin' glossin', Big Tymin' stuntin' and flossin'
Lamborghini sitting on broaders with two more in my garages
Plus a blue and black ferrari with Nintendo and Atari
Man I swear the car is awesome, vroom! Sorry, we lost 'em
I'm back, I pull up smelling like dime sacks and cognac
I leave in the Hummer, hour later I'm flying back
Whoosh, private jet's about to land
The women fall out when I let them touch my hand
I get out the plane into a Mercedes Benz van
TVs all over with chrome 20-inch fans, damn
Goddamn, man, I am, L-I-L, Weezy, off the heezy
But still in awe, ice floodin' on my watch
And in my grill and all, Porsche Box', front blocks
Skrrt! Peeling off, me and Slim in the Rover
Beatrice brick holder, Cash Money young soldier

[Chorus: Juvenile]
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life
Loud pipes big rims
Wodie that's our life
When we pull up at the club
Sorry that's our night
I know a lot of haters out there saying
That that's not right
But our diamonds are much bigger
So that's our life

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Ok, you ain't new shit
It's Weezy F Baby like a newborn bitch
You ain't know shit
I put your girl to work now heres a uniform bitch
Pimpin over here
And I ain't Santa Claus
But I can make it reindeer
Money out the ass
Yeah money out the rear
Weezy at the plate
I could bunt it out of here
Safe as a mother fucker
Ain't no safety button on this mother fucker
Where's the safe mother fucker
That's the case
Stop the judge of
Weezy F the F for fury
Hang 12 witnesses
That's what I call a hung jury
Brung Jerry Bling Bling
I made that and I don't even say that
As much as judges say that
That's way back
Boy you should catch up
It must of been mine, theys
Long hair pretty eyes light skin fine legs
Phat ass, skinny stomach, pretty feet, pretty woman
Walking down the street cause I put her out my jeep
I don't save 'em
I slave 'em
They want weezy f
I bad grade 'em, I don't degrade 'em
I serenade 'em
100 on the jaw
100 on the arm
Rings so thick I can't even make a fist
Nigga fuck how you do it cause I do it like this
Yeah, and I just do my wayne
And every time I do it I do my thang

[X2]

I do it 

[do it]
How I do it 

[do it]
I do it 

[do it, do it, do it]
I do it 

[ do it, do it, do it]

I do it how I do it and I do it everyday
I do it how I do it and I do it everyday
I do it how I do it when I do it everyday
I whip it like a slave like a motherfuckin' slave
Yes I whip it like a slave, yes I whip it like a slave
I whip it like a slave like a motherfuckin' slave
Yep I whip it like a slave like a motherfuckn' slave
Then I beat it, I beat it, I beat it, I beat it
I beat that block x4
I beat that block like it mis-behaved
Then I whip it, I whip it, I whip it like a slave
I whip it...

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Kunta Kinte on my shit nigga
Like I ate a plate of roots for dinner
But I ate a plate of loot for dinner
I'm in the garden selling fruit to sinners
Like apple's to Shaq
Hey big spender
And do remember
Just like Brenda
2 grand still get you four and a baby
I'm a kill 'em when I drop like I'm holding a baby
Weezy F, the F is for don't Forget the Baby
And bitch I've been hot but you don't know me from satan
And if you're Manning up you better show me you're Peyton
But you pussies ain't ballin' no Sanaa Lathan
Bricks get shipped
Bricks get cut
Dr Carter
Nip and Tuck
Yeah but you could call me Wayne
Now watch me and my chain gang

[Then I whip it, I whip it, I whip it
I whip it, I beat that block x4]

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yes it's me bitches
Duece Bigalow on these He-bitches
(cough cough) Flu flow
Flyer then bird coupe like a two door
What do you know
I know the streets bitch
And this is my toilet
And you can eat shit
Got them girls in my bathroom with their asses out
Cause I'm fly, like flyers they passin' out
We mashin out
We Young Mula
I got that 12 guage
Don't make me 1, 2 ya
345 train bitch soo woo
If you ain't on my train bitch choo choo
Like you got my dick in your mizouth
And I'm a do me bitch with you or without
Shit I'm always right sometimes
And from the top everybody look 1'9
And I'm 2'much
The numbers don't lie
And if they stop making cadillacs
I swear I'm gon' die
And if the weed man ain't got no more onions I'm a cry
And if if was a fifth, then I'd rather drink wine

[Verse 4]
Shit... I'm a take my time
Now am I crazy or just lazy
Cause I'm tired of ballin darlin
And I roll with my riders like it's a harley bar
And we roll with them choppers like it's a harley party
P.S dressed in all red like it was a scarlet party
I was ballin in New Orleans way before the charolette hornets
I'm an X-Man bitch and I ain't talkin marvel comics
I'm a...
Put the dirty dishes in the sink
No pork but I get paid like a piggy bank
I spit like backwash, Sasquatch
No back talk, I act lost
But I bet that money find me
Your jewelry telling jokes man
You got them funny diamonds
I got them sunny diamonds
I got them money problems
Like Christopher Wallace
Fuck bitches
Get money
Young money

[Hook]
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake

Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Dale juevo
Dale juevo

[Verse 1]
Up in the club
Fuck VIP
P to the I...I to the T
Ying to the Yang
Up in this thang
D to the roc
My Nigga Kaine
Up in the cut
Pouring it up
Rolling it up
Holding it up
Ain't her breast swollen or what?
Yes sir yes sir
Oh we gonna take it back like theives and foes
Nasty as I wanna be
That makes me 2 live for your crew
Ho get down get low
I'm crossin these mammas like tic tac toe
Let's ride let's go
Get loose get crunk get drunk get blown
Thats right let's roll
MIA ATL fo sho

[Hook]
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake

Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Dale juevo
Dale juevo

That ho's fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa

[Verse 2]
All the lil mamas all around the world
Shake that ass if you a nasty girl
Back that ass up says juvenile
Show a nigga some tities like girls gone wild
Tear off this clip of clothes, I wanna see you in the nude
You can keep on your high heel shoes
So follow me down to yellow brick road
Where niggas go to see naked hoes
Shake that shit bitch
And be off in the club with a hard ass dick
Then drop like this bitch
If you wanna make the money shawty work that shit
Put a hump in your back
And lick it raw
To a 3 point stance
But you mess up yo ass
You must be on that kanye work out plan
Like head shoulder knees hoes

[Hook]
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake

Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Dale juevo
Dale juevo

That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa

[Verse 3]
Take 'em out in cruise
Take 'em out all dressed
Is the realest true niggas in the ATL
Yeah we break it down betta shake a booty ho
And them hoes and the girl with the real tight clothes
One time for the gang with the ying yang twins
We already know we off the reel
Dont tolerate that talkin
Bitch you can get the walkin
Patrollers is where I'm groaking
The only way that we are talkin
If your breath smells like mine
Girl don't give a fuck cause you fine
I diss 'em fo I kiss 'em
I pack 'em fo I stack 'em
So while we in the club betta get these girls
Cause on the streets there ain't no action

[Hook]
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake
Shake shake just shake shake
Just shake shake
Just shake chica shake shake

Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Mentirosa
Dale juevo
Dale juevo

That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
That ho's is fine but but but but this one's a killa
Yeah, I'm losing my edge
I'm losing my edge
The kids are coming up from behind
I'm losing my edge
I'm losing my edge to the kids from France and from London
But I was there

I was there in 1968
I was there at the first Can show in Cologne
I'm losing my edge
I'm losing my edge to the kids whose footsteps I hear when they get on the decks
I'm losing my edge to the Internet seekers who can tell me every member of every good group from 1962 to 1978
I'm losing my edge

To all the kids in Tokyo and Berlin
I'm losing my edge to the art-school Brooklynites in little jackets and borrowed nostalgia for the unremembered Eighties

But I'm losing my edge
I'm losing my edge, but I was there
I was there
But I was there
I'm losing my edge
I'm losing my edge
I can hear the footsteps every night on the decks
But I was there
I was there in 1974 at the first Suicide practices in a loft in New York City
I was working on the organ sounds with much patience
I was there when Captain Beefheart started up his first band
I told him, "Don't do it that way. You'll never make a dime."
I was there
I was the first guy playing Daft Punk to the rock kids
I played it at CBGB's
Everybody thought I was crazy
We all know
I was there
I was there

I've never been wrong
I used to work in the record store
I had everything before anyone
I was there in the Paradise Garage DJ booth with Larry Levan
I was there in Jamaica during the great sound clashes
I woke up naked on the beach in Ibiza in 1988

But I'm losing my edge
To better-looking people
With better ideas and more talent
And they're actually really, really nice
I'm losing my edge

I heard you have a compilation of every good song ever done by anybody. Every great song by the Peech Boys. All the underground hits. All the Modern Lovers tracks. I heard you have a vinyl of every Niagara record on German import. I heard that you have a white label of every seminal Detroit techno hit - 1985, '86, '87. I heard that you have a CD compilation of every good '60s cut and another box set from the '70s

I hear you're buying a synthesizer and an arpeggiator and are throwing your computer out the window because you want to make something real. You want to make a Yaz record

I hear that you and your band have sold your guitars and bought turntables
I hear that you and your band have sold your turntables and bought guitars

I hear everybody that you know is more relevant than everybody that I know

But have you seen my records? This Heat, Pere Ubu, Outsiders, Nation of Ulysses, Mars, The Trojans, The Black Dice, Todd Terry, The Germs, Section 25, Althea and Donna, Sexual Harassment, a-ha, Pere Ubu, Dorothy Ashby, PIL, Fania All-Stars, The Bar-Kays, The Human League, The Normal, Lou Reed, Scott Walker, Monks, Niagara, Joy Division, Laurent Garnier, The Creation, Sun Ra, Scientists, Royal Trux, 10cc, Rammellzee, Eric B. and Rakim, Index, Basic Channel, Soulsonic Force (just hit me!), Juan Atkins, Manuel Göttsching, David Axelrod, Electric Prunes, Gil! Scott! Heron!, The Slits, Faust, Mantronix, Pharoah Sanders and The Fire Engines, The Swans, the Soft Cell, The Sonics, The Sonics, The Sonics, The Sonics

You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
You don't know what you really want
(Okay, stop)

[Verse 1: DMX and Damien]
Hey yo, D! It's your nigga D!
What the fuck, you forgot about me?
You've been eatin' real good lately
Didn't get a shout out on your last album, what, you hate me?
Said I was your dog
Said I was your nigga that let you see it all through the fog
Said I was your mans and them
And any problem that you had I would handle them
Ayo, dog, it's like this, I fuck with you lightly
‘Cause I knew if I fucked with you too deep you'd bite me
Get mad at me, send niggas wantin' to fight me
Whole time you fucked with me you didn't like me
Dog, where you hear that? Pssh, niggas talk
Plus you know how shit flow in New York:
Walls have ears, buildings heard
Supposed to be shhhhhh, but spill the word

[Hook: DMX and Damien]
Everywhere that I go, everything that I see
Every place that I touch, I feel him fuckin' with me
I'm gonna fly…
Why you lie?
Told me it was Ryde or Die
I'm gonna fly…
Eye for an eye
What happened to my piece of the pie?

[Verse 2: DMX and Damien]
Now, dog, you know me better than that
I could put you ahead of the pack instead of the back
I could have niggas sellin' tapes instead of the crack
Could have niggas fallin' down with lead in they back
Ain't much that I can't do when I want to
I don't really need you; nigga, fuck you!
WHAT?!
Nah, I'm just playin'; got a wife and kids?
Good thing they ain't come across them triflin' kids...
Yo, what you mean by that? Mean by what?
You'se a grimy nigga f'real, I see what's up!
I don't even know why I fucked with you from the door!
‘Cause you know I can give you what you wanted and more
I could've got it from Him! But you would've had to wait!
But I wouldn't have the weight! C'mon, don't hate!
What happened to the right hand, Light Man?
Nah, that's Dark Man! Well, let's get it right then!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: DMX and Damien]
Now I see you for who you are, it's like I know you
So I can't trust you as far as I can throw you!
Oh you don't know, you are the reason
That I go through what I go through? Let me show you!
Didn't I promise you a Benz, lots of friends,
Countless pairs of Timbs, endless ends?
Yeah, but what did it cost me?
My life to be taken softly; man, back the fuck up off me!
Don't fuck with me like that when I fuck with you like this
Don't come at me like that when you know that you might miss!
Go on about your business!
If any cat you send my way, ain't gon' be no witness!
Lord Jesus, C'mon, dog, look who you're fuckin'
Please help me Whassup, dog? Man, you buggin'
Keep the Devil Thug life, thought we was tight
Out of my life!  I'll be back, aight? Psych!

[Hook: DMX and Damien]
Everywhere that I go, everything that I see
Every place that I touch, I feel him fuckin' with me
I'm gonna fly…
Why you lie?
Told me it was Ryde or Die
I'm gonna fly…
Eye for an eye
What happened to my piece of the pie?

[Produced by No I.D.]

[Intro: Chris Brown]
Hands up in the air
I just want the, I just want the baddest bitch in the world
Right here on my lap, huh

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Big Sean & Both]
And I'ma hit this drink up like it's my last
I'ma, I'ma hit this night up like it's my last
I'ma, I'ma hit this ass up like it's my last (Boi)
I swear I'ma, swear (Boi) I'ma do it like (Do it)
Like I never had it at a-a-a-all (Oh)
A-a-a-all (Oh)
Like I, like I never had it at a-a-a-all (Boi)
Like I never had it all, a-a-a-all (Boi, hey, hey)

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Okay, now where that alcohol? You ain't even got to ask (Ask)
'Cause I'ma drink it all like, like it's my last (Okay)
She a 7 in the face but a 10 in the ass
And she even look better by the end of my glass (Damn)
See, I just walked in fresher
Than the Certs off in this muhfucka (Look)
I'ma need the baddest broad to twerk off in this muhfucka (Woah)
I'ma go hard until it hurts off in this muhfucka (Go)
I'm a boss, so you gotta work off in this muhfucka (In this muhfucka)
And I can get you anythin' you want (Want)
I could, I could, I could, I could put you on (On)
See, you look like Beyoncé, so do it like Beyon do (Okay)
And do it like Beyoncé, and put it on Sean (Haha)
Grind hard, but I got a lot to show for it (Yeah)
Always had drive, like I had to chauffeur it (Skrrt)
My team's so true we should get a camera crew (What?)
To follow us around and make a show for us

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Big Sean & Both]
And I'ma hit this drink up like it's my last
I'ma, I'ma hit this night up like it's my last
I'ma, I'ma hit this ass up like it's my last
I swear I'ma, swear I'ma do it like
Like I never had it at a-a-a-all (Oh no)
A-a-a-all
Like I, like I never had it at a-a-a-all (At all)
A-a-a-all (Hey, hey)
Hey, a-a-a-all
A-a-a-all
Like I, like I never had it at a-a-a-all (Yeah, never had it at all, man)
Like I never had it at all, a-a-a-all (Boi, boi, boi)

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Now I'ma fill this glass up like it's my last (Last)
I'ma, I'ma blow this bag up like it's my last (Last)
I'ma, I'ma spend this cash up like it's my last (Go)
And I'ma make it last (Last), like it's my last
And I'm gone (Gone), can't remember where I am
But she forget about her man when they tell her who I am
And they introduce my fan, now she all up in my space
All, all up in my face, like, "You remember who I am?"
Since I signed to Kan', I'm Louis Vuitton Sean
Up in Benny Han Han eatin' all the Wonton (What's good?)
Rosé rose over a little Chandon
Put her hands down my pants, now she rockin' Sean john (Hahaha, damn)
Man, I just ended up on everybody guest list (Yup)
I'm just doin' better than what everyone projected
I knew that I'd be here, so if you asked me how I feel (What?)
I'ma just tell you, it's everythin' that I expected, bitch (Boi, boi)

[Bridge: Chris Brown, Big Sean & Both]
Hands up in the air, the air
One time for the Westside, Westside, let me see them
Hands up in the air, the air
D-Town! Two times if you love G.O.O.D. Music
Hands up in the air, the air
And three times for the baddest chick in the world who got her (Boi, boi, boi)
Hands up in the air, the air (Do it, yeah)

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Big Sean & Both]
Now I'ma hit this drink up like it's my last (Yeah)
I'ma, I'ma hit this night up like it's my last
I'ma, I'ma hit this ass up like it's my last (Do it)
I swear I'ma, swear I'ma do it like (Oh woah)
Like I never had it at a-a-a-all (Oh, oh)
A-a-a-all
Like I, like I never had it at a-a-a-all
Like I never had it at all, a-a-a-all (Oh woah)

[Verse 3: Chris Brown]
Big ass bottles, big ice buckets
I work too hard to be ballin' on a budget
Me and my people do it big out in public
'Cause if you don't do it big, bitch, you ain't doin' nothin' (Haha)

[Chorus: Chris Brown, Big Sean & Both]
And I'ma hit this drink up like it's my last
I'ma, I'ma hit this night up like it's my last
I'ma, I'ma hit this ass up like it's my last (Boi)
I swear I'ma, swear I'ma do it like (Boi, do it)
Like I never had it at a-a-a-all (Yeah)
A-a-a-all (Oh no, D-Town!)
Like I, like I never had it at a-a-a-all (At all, G.O.O.D.!)
A-a-a-all
Hey, a-a-a-all
A-a-a-all
Like I, like I never had it at a-a-a-all (Yeah)
Like I never had it at all, a-a-a-all

[Wiz Khalifa]
Back better than ever
Ask me what I’m doing, I’ve been stacking, autographing
Smoking tree with your girlfriend if she let us
Making sure my bags packed for any weather
Tighten up, your team starting to let up
Assembly need to get it together
I remember there was days I wasn’t able to change clothes
Now I never wear the same clothes
Same goes for my bad bitch, rich and her accent thick
But her ass ain't, she’ll carry my last name
Still a step I’ll never miss, I’m on this cash chase
Ballin’ off the glass change
Jordan, me and my gang running the game
You niggas just tryna find what the score is
I can hear that money callin’
Ain't in the position you’re in, can’t ignore it
I’m all in

And they saying that we changed
Homie, they don’t know as much as they think they know
And you know I love to stay with you
But I gotta go, baby I hear that paper callin’
Another day, another plane
Baby girl, I hear that paper calling
I’m going out the door as soon as that paper call

[Marty James]
LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don’t go ‘less you go hard
Go ‘less you go hard

Hollywood, Downtown and back
Life is always good
It’s not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would

[Snoop Dogg]
Lakers, Dodgers, Ducks, Kings, Angels, Clippers
Real set trippers
Clarify ride, we bonafide dippers
ESPN, you know Sportscenter
Spooned and groomed, dipped and wet
Home of the NBA championship
Purple and Gold, homie let the story be told
It’s the city where you shoot your favourite television episode
And you can hit the strip, Sunset Boulevard
But you gotta have a Low-rider car
With the skirts dragging, with the plaque in the back flaggin’
Or put it in the back of the Chevy Wagon
That’s how we represent it though
Birthplace of Chevrolet ’64
Yeah I love showing it out
First things first my nig’, you better know where you at
You in…

[Hook]
LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don’t go ‘less you go hard
Go ‘less you go hard

Hollywood, Downtown and back
Life is always good
It’s not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would

Riding on the 405
On my way to pick up baby
85 in the winter time
Man, this place is crazy
I love it, love it, love it, love it
Southern surfer Cali

[Snoop Doog - Verse 2]
Rollin’ down Fairfax
Just left the Nico, bust a left turn on Pico
Gotta see the Bishop, he got me some gator shoes
I’m rollin’ to Hollywood, I’m doing the house of blues
About 9 o clock stop by the record shop
And get that new Snoop Dogg, now we bouncing ball
Life is a mystery, my life is like history
Stop by my dispensary
Give me some kush and pusha
Put it in the trunk, smelling like some skunk
But it’s all legal in LA
Everybody taking a hit from the politicians
Athletes and even the teachers
My dentist even hit it, Dr Beecher
He say “Snoop Dogg I really wanna meet ya”
Yeah, I love showing you now
First things first, my nig’ you better know where you at
You in…

[Hook]
LA, Sunset boulevard, Pacific Highway
Out to the walk of stars now you in Cali
Don’t go ‘less you go hard
Go ‘less you go hard

Hollywood, Downtown and back
Life is always good
It’s not an act we so fresh, so hood
You knew that it never would
Knew that it never would

[Chorus: Mac Miller & Wiz Khalifa]
Ayo, I'm livin' the high life
Fly clothes, good liquor, good weed (Good weed)
Fine hoes, those are things I'ma need (I'ma need)
We make these ladies pants wet when we grab the mic
And we gon' have 'em like (Like)
La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la (Uh), la-la-la-la, la, ayy
Sit back, relax and move slow (Y'all already know what it is, man)
We're now in cruise control (Bad bitches and good weed, God)

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Uh, Wizzle man, the fans: can't keep 'em off me
Always reppin' for my city even though I don't see it often
Yeah, as a youngin' learn it's best to keep from talkin'
I only say I'm the best cause that's what the people call me
And I'ma keep shinin' 'til the day the Reaper call me
A lot of shit on my chest so I suggest you keep from round me
Tryna slander my name but when you sit think about it
It's hard to show off your aim when niggas yet to see the target
He's talkin' that mess 'cause he's garbage
My trees rolled, beauty of the week is foreign
And my homie bought a yacht so we on it and drinks are pourin'
Hoes admire my clothes 'cause I got Louis features on 'em
Life just like a movie plus the special feature bonus
With bad bitches and good weed to keep us coughin'
Hard as a bed of nails, you a beast for sleepin' on 'em
Motherfucker, yeah

[Chorus: Mac Miller & Wiz Khalifa]
Ayo, I'm livin' the high life (Bitch)
Fly clothes, good liquor, good weed (Hahaha, yeah) (Good weed)
Fine hoes, those are things I'ma need (What up, Mac?) (I'ma need)
We make these ladies pants wet when we grab the mic (Yeah)
And we gon' have 'em like (

[?] or die, I see you, nigga)
La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la (Uh), la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la, ayy
Sit back, relax and move slow (Ayy, good lookin', Wiz, yeah)
We're now in cruise control

[Verse 2: Mac Miller]
I got these motherfuckers hatin' on the way the boy live
Angry at the way they ladies always say that I'm the shit
People stay up on my dick, I ain't worried 'bout them
I'm too focused on the money, I ain't worried 'bout friends
They say the youngin' dream like a king (Like a king)
I'm Muhammad Ali in the ring, Christmas Eve in the spring (Spring)
Way above the bar, but I ain't twenty-one
Wizzle cuttin' up 'cause I stay puffin' blunts
And when the money come (Come), I'ma give it back (Back)
Got a driver who addresses me as Mr. Mac (Aha)
Dealin' with these diva hoes (Hoes), they so demanding (Uh-huh)
Mac a young superstar (Star), Dakota Fanning (Aha)
You know I'm planning for the world to be mine
No blind dates, but I'm gettin' girls from behind
The type of shine, stay turnin' 'em blind
Just cruisin', smokin' purp, and recline (Aha)

[Chorus: Mac Miller]
Ayo, I'm livin' the high life
Fly clothes, good liquor, good weed (Good weed)
Fine hoes, those are things I'ma need (I'ma need)
We make these ladies pants wet when we grab the mic
And we gon' have 'em like (Like)
La-la-la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la, la-la-la-la, la, ayy
Sit back, relax and move slow (Move slow)
We're now in cruise control

[Intro: Mike Shinoda]
Yeah, yo
This is not the end, this is not the beginning
Just a voice like a riot rocking every revision
But you listen to the tone and the violent rhythm
And though the words sound steady, something empty's within them
We say yeah, with fists flying up in the air
Like we're holding onto something that's invisible there
'Cause we're living at the mercy of the pain and the fear
Until we dead it, forget it, let it all disappear
Yeah

[Verse 1: Chester Bennington]
Waiting for the end to come
Wishing I had strength to stand
This is not what I had planned
It's out of my control

[Verse 2: Chester Bennington]
Flying at the speed of light
Thoughts were spinning in my head
So many things were left unsaid
It's hard to let you go

[Chorus: Chester Bennington]
I know what it takes to move on
I know how it feels to lie
All I want to do is trade this life for something new
Holding on to what I haven't got

[Verse 3: Chester Bennington]
Sitting in an empty room
Trying to forget the past
This was never meant to last
I wish it wasn't so

[Chorus: Chester Bennington]
I know what it takes to move on
I know how it feels to lie
All I want to do is trade this life for something new
Holding on to what I haven't got

[Bridge: Mike Shinoda]
Yeah, yeah
What was left when that fire was gone?
I thought it felt right, but that right was wrong
All caught up in the eye of the storm
And trying to figure out what it's like moving on
And I don't even know what kind of things I said
My mouth kept moving and my mind went dead
So, I'm picking up the pieces now, where to begin
The hardest part of ending is starting again

[Outro: (Chester Bennington) Mike Shinoda]
(All I want to do is trade this life for something new
Holding on to what I haven't got)

This is not the end, this is not the beginning
Just a voice like a riot, rocking every revision
(I'm holding on to what I haven't got)
But you listen to the tone and the violent rhythm
Though the words sound steady
Something empty's within them
We say yeah, with fists flying up in the air
Like we're holding onto something that's invisible there
(Holding on to what I haven't got)
'Cause we're living at the mercy of the pain and the fear
Until we get it, forget it, let it all disappear

[Intro]
Yeah, uh-huh
Come on, yep
Mmmhmm, bells
Yeah, hmhmhmm
Let's go

[Hook]
Riding 'round the city
With some brand new heat
Brand new car
Brand new feet
Brand new seats
Brand new smell
Put out the roach
Light a brand new L
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new
Fuck you bitch
My shirt brand new
Fuck you bitch
My shoes brand new
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new
Yeah

[Verse 1]
I'm cold like a midnight
In Aspen
I am the President
And the assassin
Cameras on
Big lights, "Action"
Welcome to the show
I am the main attraction
Money in the mattress
Money in the attic
Money on my mind
Money is my habit
Stay on the grind
Until money's automatic
Bitch, I love money
I'm a fucking fanatic
Always strapped, gripped-tight, graspin'
Say what? Who, me? (Click-clack) Blast 'em
Chrome 24's, tires thin like napkins
Got to ride big 'cause I am like a captain
You know I'm a boss; chillin', relaxin'
Probably in my office, doing my taxes
You little niggas so not in my bracket
And I don't even have time to practice

[Hook]
Riding 'round the city
With some brand new heat
Brand new car
Brand new feet
Brand new seats
Brand new smell
Put out the roach
Light a brand new L
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch
My shirt brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch
My shoes brand new (them too)
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new (yeah)

[Verse 2]
Ice
Ridiculous price
Your camera has never saw a picture this nice
Hm, I'm fishin', and the bitches will bite
It's probably 'cause my game is Fixodent tight
Right
I'm fucking every bad bitch twice
And if she doesn't wear panties then I fuck her on sight
I'm nasty like spice
I know what she likes
I can make a black woman
Scream like she white
I can make a white woman
Scream like Mike
But before she starts singin'
She got to check my mic
Niggas just hatin'
And I done lost sight
It's like I don't see 'em
I only see the light
Talking that shit
But you boys just hype
I hope you bring a gun to the fight
A'ight?
Louis V tennis shoes
Big brown stripe
You think you fresh?
Shit, nigga – I'm ripe

[Hook]
Riding 'round the city
With some brand new heat
Brand new car
Brand new feet
Brand new seats
Brand new smell
Put out the roach
Light a brand new L
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch
My shirt brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch
My shoes brand new (them too)
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new (yeah)

[Verse 3]
OK
Brand new coupe
Driving crazy than a mother
Sittin' low in the seats
With the burner sittin' under
Got my tank top, top down
It probably ain't summer
But I ride like that 'cause I'm hotter than the others
Damn, there's no keeping up with the brother man
I could spell my name in burnt rubber
I'm gone!  Leave me alone
Now the dog is at supper
You could wash my plate and put it back in the cupboard
Ahem, I'm so far ahead of them suckers
I'mma have to start rappin' in numbers
I promise, the flows don't stop
They come rapid like thunder
I bet you hide under your covers

[Hook]
Riding 'round the city
With some brand new heat
Brand new car
Brand new feet
Brand new seats
Brand new smell
Put out the roach
Light a brand new L
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch
My shirt brand new (brand new)
Fuck you bitch
My shoes brand new (them too)
Fuck you bitch
I'm actin' brand new (yeah)

[Intro]
Hey
Ayo, Sap! What's good, bruh?
This man's kinda high out here *Laughs*

[Verse 1]
Ayo, the flyest ma'fucker in the room, yeah, you know it's me
Bitches hatin' on him 'cause he started out here locally
Hopefully, I'll be at the top soon
For now, I'm at my house on the couch watchin' cartoons
You know how much you love it when you get it in abundance
Give a fuck about a budget when you always be the subject of discussion
But it's nothin' when you stop and just say, "fuck it"
'Cause you walkin' out in public and you hear 'em talkin' rubbish
I just wanna ride, ride through the city in a Cutlass
Find a big butt bitch somewhere, get my nuts kissed
That's the way it goes when you party just like I do
Bitches on my dick that used to brush me off in high school

[Refrain]
Take over the world when I'm on my Donald Trump shit
Look at all this money! Ain't that some shit?
Take over the world when I'm on my Donald Trump shit
Look at all this money! Ain't that some shit? (Hey)

[Chorus]
We gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
That's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life I have
And they in awe, we gon' win, you can take the lose or draw
What I'm in got these hoes who used to play me in they bras
We gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
Take over the world, watch these haters get mad
That's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life I have
Hop into the car and then we take 'em to the pad, it's a wrap

[Verse 2]
Uh, uh, uh
And ma'fuckers think they know me, but they never met the kid
Style come with excellence and money make benevolence
Irrelevant for the fuckers who never been intelligent
I kill my Henny, break the bottle for the hell of it
Tell a bitch that she better bring her friends
And if she want an autograph she better bring a pen
Yeah, the party never end, this life is what I recommend
And if you got a ho picked for me, then she better be a 10
I ain't picky, but these girls be actin' tricky
When the situation's sticky and the liquor got 'em silly

[Refrain]
But I take over the world when I'm on my Donald Trump shit
Look at all this money! Ain't that some shit?

[Chorus]
We gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
That's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life I have
And they in awe, we gon' win, you can take the lose or draw
What I'm in got these hoes who used to play me in they bras
We gon' take over the world while these haters gettin' mad
Take over the world, watch these haters get mad
That's why all my bitches bad, they see this crazy life I have
Hop into the car and then we take 'em to the pad, it's a wrap

[Intro: Police Officer]
Ok kid
Say what you gotta say

[Intro: Lupe Fiasco]
You know what I'm sayin'
You know, some niggas really out there bad
You know what I'm sayin'
Some niggas is forced in positions where they gotta do things where they don't wanna do it
You know what I'm sayin'
So some niggas forced to dope, sell dope
Some niggas forced to pimp
You know what I'm sayin'
But you got some niggas out there that
Just lazy, you know what I'm sayin'
Niggas ain't forced to do nothin'
Niggas got other options they just choose not to do 'em, you know?

[Verse 1]
Sittin' in the back of the police car position
Your mission is forgetting and denying the existence
Thinking of different ways to keep from submitting
And continuing to not to mention
...like that
Grand Marquis Police Interceptor edition
With the wall so you can barely fit in
Knees is touching the front seat, shifting
Cause your handcuffs is cutting your wrist and
Your wishing that he would drive faster pleeease
But he slows through the hood as he drives past the free
It's cool but you tripping:
The quicker you get there
The quicker you sit there
Cuffed to a bench and
They playing good cop, bad cop
One of the them pretending
So you rewind yourself
To your uneasy recline in the back of the police car
Hand-cuffed and the seat belt
Nah, you ain't gotta quicken the pace
That just give me more time to sit and erase
Alibi and alias, switch and replace
Think about then, forget about an escape
Thank God that I'm up in the states
'Cos if I was in Russia who knows how they'd do a hustler
Wait, I ain't a hustler, I'm straight
I'm damn near a buster, no laws I break
Money I never seen, guns I didn't hold
Drugs I never sold, calls I didn't make
Nigga this is a waste of your time and mine
"Is that uncomfortable?"...."I'm fine"
A case? This ain't even a fine
You ain't find nothing, homie, not even a dime
Not even a dime that'll drop dime on me
I know you was dying so you put a dime on me
I know that's a crime, you supposed to fight crime for me
Protect and to serve
Prosecute, correct and return to the homies
And thats gonna send them direct to the curb
So you can put 'em back on me

[Hook]
Handcuffs (10X)

[Verse 2]
He's sitting in the front of the police car position
His mission is bending, pinning charges on niggas
Even if they didn't
He's sitting in court lying
Testifying against defendants
...Like that
And he love to choke niggas
He don't trip with the rich
He just like the broke niggas
Probably did more dirt in the street than most niggas
Even the old people don't like him
'Cos of the way he approach niggas
Nigga, you ain't no better than me
Just a hustler with a badge
Confiscate the dope money
Put it with your retirement boat money
You ain't building no playgrounds
In the poor for some cash
That ain't a pension
That's a shoe box stash
With a Glock to protect it
We both undercover, check it
Thinking that the good we do
Gon' out weigh the sinning that we do to collect it
Saying "it's for the community"
They don't value us
Only around because the property value up
And they gotta clean the street before they put the houses up
Knock them Section 8's down
Put them 200,000's up
Feel he don't get paid enough
To kick in doors, to raid and cuff
So he use what niggas get on the street
To supplement the wages cut
So he gotta keep just enough niggas out there hustling
To keep his paper up
...Like that
Maybe he should be in the handcuffs

[Hook] (8X)

[Verse 1]
Start spreading the news, I'm leaving today
I want to be a part of it: New York, New York
These vagabond shoes, are longing to stray
Right through the very heart of it: New York, New York

[Hook]
I wanna wake up in a city that doesn't sleep
And find I'm king of the hill, top of the heap

[Verse 2]
These little town blues, are melting away
I'll make a brand new start of it in old New York

[Hook]
If I can make it there, I'll make it anywhere
It's up to you, New York, New York

[Verse 3]
New York, New York
I want to wake up in a city that never sleeps
And find I'm a number one, top of the list
King of the hill, a number one

[Outro]
These little town blues, oh, are melting away
I'm gonna make a brand new start of it in old New York
And if I can make it there, I'm gonna make it anywhere
It's up to you, New York, New York

[Intro]
I roll up
I roll up
I roll up
Shawty I roll up
I roll up
I roll up

[Verse 1]
It's your anniversary isn't it
And your man ain't acting right
So you packin’ your Damier luggage up callin’ my cell phone, try and catch a flight
You know one thing straight, I’ll be there girl whenever you call me
When you at home that's your man, soon as you land you say that's all me
But shit ain't all G with him no more, you ain't entertained
Since I met you a couple months ago you ain't been the same
Not sayin I’m the richest man alive but I’m in the game
As long as you keep it 100 I'mma spend this change

[Hook]
Whenever you need me
Whenever you want me
You know you can call me, I’ll be there shortly
Don’t care what your friends say, cause they don't know me
I can be your best friend, and you be my homie
I ain't gonna flex, I’m not gonna front
You know if I ball, then we all gonna stunt
Send her my way, she ain't gotta hold up
Whenever you call baby I roll up, I roll up, I roll up
Whenever you call baby I roll up, I roll up, I roll up
Whenever you call baby I roll up

[Verse 2]
I try to stay out your business
But on the real, you’re so obvious
And if you keep fitting me in your plans and fuckin' up, your man's gonna catch onto us
That white sand surrounding us
He be handcuffing, he should work for them officers
If you rolling I got a spot where I can put you on this medical, and send you home doctored up
You wanna ride with me cause you say that he boring
Wake up you rollin’ weed, cooking eggs in the morning
Ain't scared to spend this money I know I’ll make more of it
First you was in the sky, now you say you in orbit

[Hook]
Whenever you need me
Whenever you want me
You know you can call me, I’ll be there shortly
Don’t care what your friends say, cause they don't know me
I can be your best friend, and you be my homie
I ain't gonna flex, I’m not gonna front
You know if I ball, then we all gonna stunt
Send her my way, she ain't gotta hold up
Whenever you call baby I roll up, I roll up, I roll up
Whenever you call baby I roll up, I roll up, I roll up
Whenever you call baby I roll up

[Bridge]
No matter where I am
No matter where you are
I’ll be there when its over baby
Cause I was there from the start
No matter if I’m near
Don’t matter if you're far
All you do is pick the phone up lady
And I’ll be there when you call

[Hook]
Whenever you need me
Whenever you want me
You know you can call me, I’ll be there shortly
Don’t care what your friends say, cause they don't know me
I can be your best friend, and you be my homie
I ain't gonna flex, I’m not gonna front
You know if I ball, then we all gonna stunt
Send her my way, she ain't gotta hold up
Whenever you call baby I roll up
Whenever you need me
Whenever you want me
You know you can call me, I’ll be there shortly
Don’t care what your friends say, cause they don't know me
I can be your best friend, and you be my homie
I ain't gonna flex, I’m not gonna front
You know if I ball, then we all gonna stunt
Send her my way, she ain't gotta hold up
Whenever you call baby I roll up, I roll up, I roll up
Whenever you call baby I roll up, I roll up, I roll up
Whenever you call baby I roll up

I roll up, I roll up
Whenever you call baby I roll up

[Produced by Organized Noize]

[Intro: André 3000]
Yeah, yeah it goes like this right here
Like uh, niggas always be hollering "peace"
You know what I'm saying, "peace my brother"
Peace this, peace that, you know what I'm saying but
Every time I uh try to get a peace of mind
Niggas try to get a piece of mine
So I gotta grab my piece

[Verse 1: André 3000]
It's the return of the gangster, thanks ta'
Them niggas that's on that blow that run up in your crib
Which contains your lady and an 8 month old
Child to raise plus you true blue 'bout this music but
They do not want to hear it
Because they'd rather be bouncing and shooting
And killing and bouncing and shit, get down
Return of the gangsta, thanks ta'
Them niggas that think you soft and say y'all be gospel rappin'
But they be steady clappin' when you talk about
Bitches, and switches, and hoes, and clothes, and weed
Let's talk about time travelin', rhyme javelin
Somethin' mind unravelin', get down
Return of the gangsta thanks ta'
Them niggas that got them kids
That got enough to buy an ounce
But not enough to bounce them kids to the zoo
Or to the park so they grow up in the dark never
Seein' light 'til they end up being like yo' sorry ass
Robbin' niggas in broad-ass daylight get down
Return of the gangsta thanks ta'
Them niggas who get the wrong impression of expression
Then the question is Big Boi what's up with Andre?
Is he in a cult? Is he on drugs? Is he gay?
When y'all gon' break up? When y'all gon' wake up?
Nigga I'm feelin' better than ever what's wrong with you
You get down!

[Chorus]
Gangsta (it's the return, it's the return–turn–turn–turn)
Ooh (It's the return–turn, it's the return–turn, it's the return, return)
Gangsta (It's the return–turn, it's the return–turn)
Ooh (It's the return, it's the return–turn–turn)

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Man, a nigga don't want no trouble
A playa just want to kick back with my gators off
And watch my lil' girl blow bubbles
But still ready to rhyme, standing my ground never back down
Willin' to rob steal and kill any thang that threatens mine
But good luck couldn't be bought, see
Many a fights had to be fought, G
For a nigga to ride these Vogues
Oh so close to the sidewalk to be gawked at
Watch your side my nigga cause we got gats
The first nigga to buck is gon' be the first nigga we attack
Don't want that, but it comes though, most of the time when you don't know
Stickin' together like flour and water to make that slow dough
We worked for everything we have and gon' stick up for
Each other, like we brothers from another mother
Kind of like Mel Gibson and Danny Glover
Strictly for the Caddy lovers
And never the nut huggin' punk motherfuckers
So quit spreading them rumors
We ain't Club Nouveau

[Chorus]
Gangsta (it's the return, it's the return–turn–turn–turn)
Ooh (It's the return–turn, it's the return–turn, it's the return, return)
Gangsta (It's the return–turn, it's the return–turn)
Ooh (It's the return, it's the return–turn–turn)

[Skit]
Well it's the big bad famous
See the dick is what I'm slangin'
YM entertainment
She gonna toot it cause I'm famous
I'm a well-known singer, every beat getting strangled
Tyga got stripes, mother fucking Bengal
This that stop, drop, and roll
You ain't know it let me show ya
Beat it from the back bitch, now your nickname Toby
Use to be my cuddy buddy now we can't be friends
Heard she got got game
(Repeat)

Choo choo train
Awhhh make your toes hit the ceiling
Let her run house but my name ain't diggy
Old enough show me titties
Spoiled bitches saying give me
I'm ain't no white man, I ain't climbing down no chimney
Awhhh, put my tongue in your pie
French kiss kiss like the french do on my fry
Haha yeah I got you laughing at me
Cause the way I make you cum so flabbergasting
Sp-spasms, Mr. organism
Fuck wid me guaranteed your going to have one
Clap clap w-w-well done when I tap that
Tap dance like Bo jingle in a dance
Yeahhh black man on the rise
So please step aside
You ain't ever seen an Asian this fly
So tootsie roll bitch then hit that butterfly
Oh yeah pop that let me see that monkey
Dick in your mouth, don't be a bonehead
Put it so deep now she a cone head
I say I put it so deep now she a cone head
Ahahah that use to be my favorite movie
I remember watching that shit. yeah
Toot it and boot around here
I said I ain't have sex in a long time X3
But we having sex tonight

[Intro]
Yeah baby
As he transforms to a whole 'nother being
Super duper
Nice

[Chorus]
I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?

[Verse 1]
Step up in the place just me and my buddy
Everywhere I go they screamin Kid Cudi!
Launching away from the helipad
Running out of bud, re-up before I'm hella mad
Hella like my dad in the sense of my ignorance
Now I give a shit bout less more than a little bit
One hell of a kid, and I kick it
Lord willing pure feelin' to the tenth power
Mash on the pedal, float above gravel
Weave through the city streets
Seize what the people seek
Please come follow a dude haters in the media call rude
How do you conclude to intro the interlude?
The game runs dry, bringin' the lube
Skinny as a fuck, still eatin' the food
Hard to kill Cudder like Steven Segal yeah
Haters applaud and they are appalled cause I see y'all
Can't hide in your closet, stop it
Be a boogie man, go do nothing beautiful
Sorry, I'm an honest man, fuck it
To my enemies: please squash it
You don't want Cudder to transform to a maniac
Kinda like Pat after plenty gin and tonic
Say I'm not a lyricist you fuckers need to figure out the logic
When I'm in rap mode it's nothing less than brolic
Don't run on beats motherfucker, I frolic
About...
Around...

[Chorus]
I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?

[Verse 2]
I'm lost in the kool-aid, I made my own flavor
Hawaiian super kush for everyone
Givin' free blunts to the ones who wanna dig
More than a man, super duper they feelin the kid
Let us get it in and get out
Exhale, inhale, eyes on the road seen foes
They linger ahead
Not really there, really here
Nor here, nor there, not really scared
But oh well, I'll still be where what they might see as the wrong path
Embrace bad with the good, keep doing the math
Trying to get it right so I can eliminate the pad when I scribble
Beer pong, I dabble; Shrooms on occasion, depending on the persuasion and who I'm with
Ask Ron Price, I was nice when I was younger
Yeah you was a Killer- "When You Were Young"
Though I'm 25 like I'm 16, first time high

("Yeah, I tried telling them, I'm something totally different, honest. Hahaha.")

[Chorus]
I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?

[Chorus]
I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?

[Intro]
Yeah!
Kick it!

[Verse 1]
You wake up late for school, man, you don't wanna go
You ask your mom, "Please?", but she still says, "No!"
You missed two classes and no homework
But your teacher preaches class like you're some kind of jerk

[Refrain]
You gotta fight!
For your right!
To party!

[Verse 2]
Your pop caught you smoking, and he said, "No way!"
That hypocrite smokes two packs a day
Man, living at home is such a drag
Now your mom threw away your best porno mag (Busted!)

[Refrain]
You gotta fight for your right to party
You gotta fight

[Guitar Solo]

[Verse 3]
Don't step out of this house if that's the clothes you're gonna wear
I'll kick you out of my home if you don't cut that hair
Your mom busted in and said, “What's that noise?"
Aw, Mom, you're just jealous it's the Beastie Boys

[Refrain]
You gotta fight for your right to party
You gotta fight for your right to party

[Outro]
Parrrrrrty
Parrrrrrty
Gucci on 8s, 4s, deuces and sixes
30s, deuces, 34s ya trippin
Blowing horse ashantis
Fugates, bugattis, for ones, lambs

[Verse 1: Gucci]
Man I'm always stuntin, my money makin money
If I throw the dueces at ya then I showed yo ass a hundred
My soldiers are blunted, yo soldiers ain't nuthin
We'll put ya forehead in yo ass or put your hairline in yo stomach
I'm ridin on gary coleman I'm rich like mr. truman
Whatchu doin willis? I say tryna make some money
I'm traveling around the country, I'm touring foreign countries
I'm drivin foreign cars and I'm knockin foreign honeys
A birthday bash in Belgium and a Sunday show in London
I chill like Lauren London in my johnson is a luncheon
She say she got the munchies I'm a try to have a contest
See who has the fattest ass we'll see who go the hardest
U better wear a hard hat cause these bitches out here stuntin
Say they aspiration was to be a baby mama
Maybe get a baby hummer not on me lil mama
I ball out through the winter and I stunt all through the summer
Gucci Gucci!

[Hook]
I'mma stunt this summer, I'mma roll me a cup then stunt in front ya
Roll me a blunt cut the trunk up homie, then I stunt on homie

[Verse 2: Tracy T]
Gucci Gucci all summer, Louis all summer
I'm a I'm a stunt cause I just made me bout a 100
See the white charm? And see the necklace?
With no muscle, dat dude be flexin
I'm a got to Lenox, I'm a go to Saks
Cause I turned that 10 piece into like a 20 pack
My gun enormous, my suit like the hornet
None not gon mind to drive it was just parked em
I'm a stunt I'm a stunt cause I got money
Crack rock I can turn a thug into a junkie
Bitches I can get em with no problem and it's nothing
Told her I'm a stunt, I can get you out that Honda
9 millie, 40 cal, 4 5 dumper
For them niggas hating when a young nigga be stuntin
Stunt in front of em, stunt on homie
Nigga I'm a stunt stunt stunt...

[Hook]
I'mma stunt this summer, I'mma roll me a cup then stunt in front ya
Roll me a blunt cut the trunk up homie, then I stunt on homie]

[Verse 3: Gucci]
Gucci got it, Gucci got it
But you know nothing about it
U still stuck in the projects with no money in yo pocket
I seen you at the party, u still ain't got no car yet?
U passenger seat of yo homeboy car, boy that's his main bitch
Man that's some deep shit, some will say weak shit
Yo bitch pussy so deep, it make a nigga seasick
Larty's on fugates, lowy's on the mazze
Vette on Ashantis, bitches in the party
Bitches in the lobby, we kickin just like sake
Benihana sake sake monotoly backe
Gucci Gucci Gucci mane or call me Gucci race
Da million dollar man, call me Gucci deveoci
72 cutlass 350 rocket, so much money wish I had 50 pockets
72 cutlass 350 rocket, so many pockets, so many gualas gualas

[Intro: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama]
And this is just a mixtape
Damn, haha
Well, it's a little more than that
It's more like a message
More like a change for the better
And this is just a mixtape
Damn
It's more of a dedication
D3!
And this is just a mixtape
Damn
This what y'all was waiting for?
DJ Drama!

[Hook: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama]
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you motherfuckers come for me, yah (Ill!)
Don't worry if me got a gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yeah
But you should be more afraid of the killer in me (Ohh!)
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em (I'm about to kill 'em)
'Cause I'm about to kill 'em (I'm about to kill 'em)
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em (So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em) (Gangsta!)
So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em (So fuck it, I'ma kill 'em, yeah!)
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you motherfuckers come for me, yah
Don't worry if me got a gun
You should have a gun for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
And all these niggas is killers
And all these killers with me, yah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

[Verse 1: Gudda Gudda]
Young veteran, soon to be OG
Plus, I spit like a crackhead with no teeth
I hear you little niggas barking, want more beef
You like a nigga with no guns, you gets no peace
And when it comes to money, my shit is obese
Like Della Reese; I need celery
More money—what the fuck these niggas telling me?
I'm Young Lucifer, take 'em all to Hell with me, yeah
Drop 'em off in a firestorm
YM riot squad, get our riot on
If he testify like Common, see the firebomb
If you know what's best, motherfucker, get your quiet on
These niggas starving out here, getting they diet on
While I'm eating, nigga, gripping on my Styrofoam
One-man game, nigga, I'ma die alone
For now, I'm with your girl, getting my Rowdy Roddy Piper on

[Verse 2: Willie the Kid]
Willie the Kid, pull guns like a hamstring
No bull, I push Pro-V's like Pantene
Blow like a trombone, funny niggas—tambourine
Players get jumped like a trampoline, tangerine gators
They naysayers, mascara wearers
And my niggas on paper, getting paper like ballplayers
No blood, no foul; yeah, my heart cold as Moscow
We nap your kin like a hot towel (Gangsta!)
All my hoes hostile; not me; never tell me, "Not now"
Rap niggas, forty-cal' to your brow (Ugh, ugh)
Roof-remover: we leave your brain with more air
Maneuver: I leave your bitch with a moist chair (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Seduce her; yeah, you rappers should be tired of lying
But I know it's hard like a tire iron
But yet, it's complex, like it's Mayan science
Or Aztec math
I'm crazy as a mesc' tab; I feed niggas like a mess hall
And yes, y'all, it's Willie—how I address y'all
Or like a stylist, nobody's fly as this
You crazy? I'm getting brain like a psychiatrist

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Mack Maine]
And I'ma keep fucking this world
'Til you motherfuckers come for me, yah (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
Don't worry if me got a gun
You should have a gun for me, yah
And all these niggas is killers (Killers with you)
And all these killers with me, yeah (Gangsta!)
But you should be afraid of me (Gangsta!)
'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'ma kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em

[Verse 3: Mack Maine]
They say powder makes you hyper, reefer makes you calm
Cigarettes give you cancer, woo-woos make you dull
While I sip the purple harlot, thick as my Southern drawl
Put me on the ocean floor with a mermaid with no drawers
They got bats up in the cave, upside-down
Blood rushing to they head, they reacting off sound
As I stand on the mound, pitching for the crown
Uptown-bound, face painted like a clown
Reciting scriptures from the chapters, Proverbs, Leviticus
Old-ass rappers complaining what the business is
'Bout the state of hip, sounding like some bitches
Hop your ass up off a rich nigga dick, it's ridiculous
The new school, nigga
What you need to do is become a resident under conditions
Get your ass up off your ass, and get your ass up on a mission
Become some competition, like Federer and Nadal
Young Money, nigga, we ball, like Kobe or Chris Paul
Forgiving a wack cracker, still sipping Cristal
Waving the lifeline, since life's a bitch, y'all
Raising up the skirts of Jezebels for no cash
Like, "Bitch, gimme that ass"
Or pulling up to the lot, like, "Gimme that Jag'"
No, pulling up to the lot, like, "Gimme that Lam'"
They study me, yeah, they cram, like I'm a final exam
If I hit you in your back, you'll need a spinal exam
I'm something like a rhino or ram: animal, beast
Irritating you pussies like chlamydia, yeast
YM militia, you niggas better retreat
Or be like this beat: R.I.P., deceased

[Post-Hook: Lil Wayne]
'Cause I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
Yeah, I'ma kill 'em, yes, I'm kill 'em
And I'ma kill 'em, I'ma kill 'em
I'ma kill 'em (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, already, you better call every pallbear-ier in y'all area
The ball carrier gon' get popped
If I'm coming around the block, the in-swing drive gets stopped
He gon' drop like a flop
On the court, I love sports, that's why I play my bitches
'Cause I got game; that's why you pay my bitches, yeah
Same hustle, new money
I'm just hip-hopping like two bunnies (Gangsta!)
Who run it? Bitch nigga, moi
That was French, nigga, not a kiss, nigga, nah
Ha, no homo
Rappers get ate like four and four
They say I fucked so-and-so
And I be like "So, so and so"
Nikes on they neck, they like, "Let me breathe"
"I'm sorry, but I can't—this is how we feed" (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)
This is why we hot, this is how we freeze
Too fast to follow, this is why we lead
And the money in the pocket isn't why we G's, see
This is how we shoot, and this is how we leave (Gangsta!)
You know we tote steel, this is how we ease
You can get the steel if you try these thieves
Now, pass me the Swisher, let me climb these trees
And them haters say we couldn't; this is why we be's
This shit like pudding, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling, putting it down
Like gravity's pulling me to the ground (Gangsta Gri-zillz!)

[Outro: Lil Wayne & DJ Drama]
Young
Young, Young
Dedication 3
Young
Y'all ready?!
Young Mula, crazy—

[Intro]
Oh no!
What's happening to my brain?
I can't believe this is happening
Again!

[Verse 1]
Lava on my lips I flips, wake up think I have a cramp
I'm trying to shove the lava lamp up my father's ass
I think I'm out of gas, man, I need another mask
I'd ask my mother, but I think she's laughing at the plants
A half a gram of graham crackers and some Van de Kamp's
I think I'll eat some Ambiens like they're candied yams
Cut a couple cadavers up and have a little snack
Abra-fucking-cadabra, motherfucker, look who's back
Just like a pendulum, Satan's pentagram swings
I accidentally dented it and bent the damn thing
Shit, I think I might have did it when I was dancing
While I was chopping one of my legs off when I pulled a hamstring
First I Re-Up, then I Relapse
Go to rehab then I Detox after I see Doc
And I'll be back with the sequel, repeat the cycle
'Cause I react like the She-Hulk when I see NyQuil

[Hook]
Oh no! (Oh no!)
Here we go again (again)
Don't know (Don't know)
When it's going to end (When will it- stop?)
Uh oh! (Uh oh!)
Where did it begin? (When did it begin?)
So long ago (So long ago)
Maybe way back when (Maybe way back when) (Relapse!)

[Verse 2]
Into the well, baby Jessica fell, she may have wetted herself
Quit playing, get her some help
Mary Kay Letourneau was sending me letters from jail
Every day in journals, saying how she wanted to smother me in lettuce and mayo
I'm the medicine man, my medical marijuana
Was prescribed by a doctor, shove a typewriter up Per-
-ez Hilton's ass, shit, almost forgot that
He's always shoving something up his ass, so why not that?
And fuck it, while I'm venting, let's shove a vending machine
Up his rear end when he's bending over, pretending that he
Didn't say anything that would be offending to me
Stick his head in a blender, begin blending in G
Where should I put the pink sissy with the fluffy hair?
Put him under the stairs? People are already under there
Hmm, I wonder where... wait, I think the cupboard's bare
Stuff him up in the Tupperware and shove him up in there

[Hook]
Oh no! (Oh no!)
Here we go again (again)
Don't know (Don't know)
When it's going to end (When will it- stop?)
Uh oh! (Uh oh!)
Where did it begin? (When did it begin?)
So long ago (So long ago)
Maybe way back when (Maybe way back when) (Relapse!)

[Verse 3]
Vicodin's like a nitrogen hydrogen vitamin
I bite into five and then I get high as a kite again
I like it when I get in my zone on the mic again
Who'm I kidding? I couldn't quit this shit if my life depends
I relapsed twice after I came outta Brighton then
Yeah, rehab's nice, I had my name up in lights again
You see that's why I can't decipher what life I'm in
I might pull a knife on your wife and slice her then dice her then
It sounds so enticing, isn't it nice when I'm hype again?
On nights when I'm like this, no time to write this, just type it in
If I could get my pen to slow down, what'd I write just then?
Man, I'm 'bout to hyperventilate, I just have hypertension
I have the type of mental state you couldn't comprehend
Unusually stupid of you for you to think I'm your friend
I usually do what I do and suffer no consequence
I offer no mercy, the controversy is once again

[Hook]
Oh no! (Oh no!)
Here we go again (again)
Don't know (Don't know)
When it's going to end (When will it- stop?)
Uh oh! (Uh oh!)
Where did it begin? (When did it begin?)
So long ago (So long ago)
Maybe way back when (Maybe way back when) (Relapse!)

[Outro]
Oh no! (Oh no!)

[Intro- Soulja Boy]
I'm in the booth with marijuana eyes
Uh, Soulja Boy Tellem, uh
I love females who like to wear their toes out
Call me a fire hydrants, I bring them hoes out
I got a lot of people want whats hanging from neck
Call me what you want, just don?t call me collect
Tell me whats the deal, what to do with this beef shit
Say fuck me on youtube and when you see me you didn't do shit
I don't believe you rappers, who you kidding dog
Save your lame game for your muthafucking memory cards

[Trey Songz - Hook]
I want the money
Money and the cars
Cars and the clothes
The hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be
I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be
I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be
I just wanna be successful

[Verse One- Soulja Boy]
Hip Hop is like school yeah I had to learn it
Beef is like a blank disc yeah I had to burn it
They finally showing me respect but I had to earn it
I'm heading to the finish line ain't got no time for U-turns
Today I realized I am not perfect
Everything I did to get here wasn't really worth it
Why won't they just let me be Great
You fall down seven times you stand up eight
Realize true happiness lies inside of you
Everyday give yourself a mental shampoo
The birds sing after the muthafucking storm gone
If you want to sing, you can always sing this song
Turn my swag on is my theme song
Theres a 95% chance that it used to be your ringtone
I got swiss in the cheese but I don't yodel
Heart tatted in my neck they love my vocals

[Trey Songz - Hook]

[Verse Two- Soulja Boy]
As I sit back and spit this crack
I leak it on the internet and watch my haters react
Fifty said they can't read between the lines
So I jab uppercut punch line after punch line
Know your thinking damn Soulja going hard right now
And I'm thinking damn, this is just a star right now
Soulja Boy is gone on the renegade
If life give you lemons make lemonade

[Trey Songz - Hook]

[Soulja Boy talking]
Uh, no one person on this earth can change their past
But every single person on this earth can start today
And change their future
Thats real shit
Beezy, Soulja Boy Tell'Em
All my DJ's play this shit back to back

[Trey Songz - Hook]

[Intro]
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, go

[Verse 1]
I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox, no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones (Haha)
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom (Hey)
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been getting intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin' (Haha)

[Chorus]
Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

[Verse 2]
Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks, that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane that that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want, fuck money, diamonds, and bitches, don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

[Chorus]
Uh, Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, uh, Golf Wang
Uh, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

[Verse 3]
They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again, another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead

[Intro: T-Pain]
T is the shit! (T is!) YEAH~!
Brush 'em off, brush 'em off - HEY!
Brush 'em off, brush 'em off - HEY!
Brush 'em off, brush 'em off - HEY!
Twist it in the air like a muh'fuckin helicopter - HEY!
Yeah, ladies and gentlemen (do the dance, do the dance) HEY!
Boys and girls, children of all ages (do the dance, do the dance) HEY!
This is Nappy Boy man, this what we do - HEY! (in the air)
INTRODUCIIIIING!

[T-Pain]
Teddy Pain, Teddy Penderazdoun
Let it be known when I roll around town
If your girl lost then she 'bout to be found
When I rock and roll, make that Boy Fall Out
Teddy bears on my feet all round
I'm back again, what you gon' do now?
Get out of this party girl and come back to my house
I'm about to show you how we do it down South
Take your shirt off

[Hook: T-Pain]
Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY!
Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY!
Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY!
Twist it in the air like a muh'fuckin helicopter - HEY!
Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY!
Ah ah-ah-ah ah ah, take your shirt off - HEY!
Brush 'em off, brush 'em off, do the dance man - HEY!
Twist it in the air like a muh'fuckin helicopter - HEY!
I know you don't care when yo' titties e'rywhere homegirl
Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY!
Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY!
Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY!
And if you don't care put your hands in the air homegirl
Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY!
Take yo' motherfuckin shirt off - HEY!
Hey, twist it in the air like a helicopter

[T-Pain]
What it is, what it's gon' be
I see you in the crowd and you're looking at me
But you ain't doing nothing like you getting it for free
I don't wanna see no KNOT in that pretty white tee
Take it off for me, baby girl what you gon' do?
You looking like, "Who this motherfucker talking to?"
I wanna see that Baby Phat wrap around yo' head
Now answer this - is Auto-Tune really dead?
Take your shirt off!

[Hook]

[T-Pain]
Hey girl, what it is?
Should I take you back to my crib?
And take yo' motherfuckin shirt off (heh) shirt off
Take your motherfuckin shirt off, shirt off
Baby girl, what's goin on?
I know this is your favorite song
So take your motherfuckin shirt off (haha) shirt off
Take your motherfuckin shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt shirt
TAKE YOUR SHIRT OFF!

[Hook]

[Outro]
Teddy Teddy, Pain Pain
Teddy Teddy, Pain Pain
Teddy Teddy, Pain
Teddy Teddy, Pain Pain
Teddy, Pain
Teddy Pain, Pain Pain
Teddy Teddy, Teddy Pain
Pain Teddy, Teddy Pain {*echoes*}

[Intro]
It doesn't matter if you love him, or capital "H-I-M" (M, M, M)
Just put your paws up
'Cause you were born this way, baby

[Verse 1]
My mama told me when I was young
"We are all born superstars"
She rolled my hair and put my lipstick on
In the glass of her boudoir
"There's nothing wrong with loving who you are"
She said, "'Cause He made you perfect, babe"
"So hold your head up, girl, and you'll go far
Listen to me when I say"

[Chorus]
I'm beautiful in my way
'Cause God makes no mistakes
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way
Don't hide yourself in regret
Just love yourself, and you're set
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way (Born this way)

[Post-Chorus]
Ooh, there ain't no other way
Baby, I was born this way
Baby, I was born this way (Born this way)
Ooh, there ain't no other way
Baby, I was born this way
Right track, baby
I was born this way

[Interlude]
Don't be a drag, just be a queen
Don't be a drag, just be a queen
Don't be a drag, just be a queen
Don't be (Don't be, don't be)

[Verse 2]
Give yourself prudence and love your friends
Subway kid, rejoice your truth
In the religion of the insecure
I must be myself, respect my youth
A different lover is not a sin
Believe capital H-I-M, hey, hey, hey
I love my life, I love this record and
Mi amore vole fe yah (Same DNA)

[Chorus]
I'm beautiful in my way
'Cause God makes no mistakes
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way
Don't hide yourself in regret
Just love yourself, and you're set
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way (Born this way)

[Post-Chorus]
Ooh, there ain't no other way
Baby, I was born this way
Baby, I was born this way (Born this way)
Ooh, there ain't no other way
Baby, I was born this way
Right track, baby
I was born this way

[Interlude]
(Way) Don't be, don't be...
(Way) Church

[Breakdown]
Don't be a drag, just be a queen
Whether you're broke or evergreen
You're Black, white, beige, cholo descent
You're Lebanese, you're Orient
Whether life's disabilities
Left you outcast, bullied, or teased
Rejoice and love yourself today
'Cause baby, you were born this way

[Bridge]
No matter gay, straight, or bi
Lesbian, transgender life
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born to survive
No matter Black, white, or beige
Chola or Orient made
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born to be brave!

[Chorus]
I'm beautiful in my way
'Cause God makes no mistakes
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way
Don't hide yourself in regret
Just love yourself, and you're set
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way, yeah

[Post-Chorus]
Ooh, there ain't no other way
Baby, I was born this way
Baby, I was born this way (Born this way)
Ooh, there ain't no other way
Baby, I was born this way
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way

[Outro]
I was born this way, hey
I was born this way, hey
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way, hey
I was born this way, hey
I was born this way, hey
I'm on the right track, baby
I was born this way, hey
Same DNA, but born this way (Hey, hey, hey)
Same DNA, but born this way (Hey, hey, hey)

[Intro: Robert Campbell]
(One, two) We takin' shots in here, you want one?
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Chorus]
Cheers to the freakin' weekend
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Oh, let the Jameson sink in
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Don't let the bastards get you down
Turn it around with another round
There's a party at the bar
Everybody, put your glasses up and I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1]
Life's too short to be sitting 'round miserable
And people gon' talk whether you doing bad or good, yeah
Got a drink on my mind and my mind on my money, yeah
Looking so bomb, gonna find me a honey

[Pre-Chorus]
Got my Ray-Bans on and I'm feeling hella cool tonight, yeah
Everybody's vibing, so don't nobody start a fight, yeah

[Chorus]
Cheers to the freakin' weekend
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Oh, let the Jameson sink in
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Don't let the bastards get you down
Turn it around with another round
There's a party at the bar
Everybody, put your glasses up and I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2]
'Bout to hop on the bar, put it all on my card tonight, yeah
Might be mad in the morning, but you know we goin' hard tonight
It's getting Coyote Ugly up in here, no Tyra
It's only up from here, no downward spiral

[Pre-Chorus]
Got my Ray-Bans on and I'm feeling hella cool tonight, yeah
Everybody's vibing, so don't nobody start a fight, yeah

[Chorus]
Cheers to the freakin' weekend
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Oh, let the Jameson sink in
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Don't let the bastards get you down
Turn it around with another round
There's a party at the bar
Everybody, put your glasses up and I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Chorus]
Cheers to the freaking weekend
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Oh, let the Jameson sink in
I drink to that, yeah, yeah
Don't let the bastards get you down
Turn it around with another round
There's a party at the bar
Everybody, put your glasses up and I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I drink to that
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I drink to that

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
Catch me running to the money until my feet lose feeling
Stack it wall-to-wall 'till it's leaking through the ceiling
Man, all fucking hundreds so whats that like a zillion?
Working graveyard shifts cause were finna make a killin'
Went from intern to the owner of the building
Bustin nuts counting money like: "Oh what a feeling!"
To be seeing what I'm seeing
After I've seen what I've seen
It's like acting out a scene from a dream of my dream
I got a dream that's worth more then my reality
And pride that's worth more than a salary
And a text from the girl I love I stopped calling
Quote: "I hope it's worth all it"
Sometimes I feel I'm working just to work harder
And then work harder then who worked the hardest
Man the life of a work-a-holic
You either on your work or just working on it

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
Man fuck it kill'em all we gonna need a ton of flowers
And if you need impossible give me 'bout an hour
It's time to turn a Polaroid into a portrait
Rocking street clothes getting money like I'm corporate
Youngin' getting it isn't life gorgeous?
Bet the crib on 'em and you'll end up with a fortress
And Ima need that new condo, town home, brown stone
Should I fuck with the Dow Jones?
Or maybe I'll put money on the block instead
There's no need to save
I could get change off the street next to the meter maid
Cause I need a main house with a piece of shade
Butler doing such a good job that they need a raise
Bad chick with an Angel ass and an Aalyiah face
Tryna show a little TNA
Hell yeah I'm tryna see the day
Man, life is so bright when you don't see the grey
The new school appointed me to lead the way
A real nigga to the DNA
Me, Mike, Grace, and Dilla
Sticking to the script
And what's-her-name still licking on my tip
Go ahead and tell these bitches who they're fucking with
Man to get where I'm at I'll make her suck a hundred dicks
Man to get where I'm at I'll make her suck a hundred dicks
Her mouth lookin like Dannon
Because of me and Cannon
And to get where we at she had to suck a hundred dicks

[Outro: Big Sean & Don Cannon]
Man I got on Versace shades, Versace belt, Versace shoes
I might've fucked around and been the freshest nigga in the world today
You dont understand man I came from nothing
This what I dreamed about, this what we dreamed about..boyyy
B.I.G. Sean Don nigga, G.O.O.D. Music
Finally Famous in this bitch.. Errything...Detroit what up though?
Ayo Big, Motherfuckers always askin' me like:
When you gonna lend somebody else eat
When you gonna pass the baton on to somebody?
My response is: Fuck I look like Carl Lewis?
I feel like Usain Bolt, I got it running these streets
Who else do it better than me?
So you can cut all the chit chat out right now and just know one thing:
We're finally famous motherfucker

[Verse 1]
Alright, Gambino is a mastermind, fuck a bitch to pass the time
Mass appeal, orange rind, smoke your green, I'm spendin' mine
The beat is witches brew, but beware, this shit is potent
E.E. cummin' on her face, now that's poetry in motion
Yeah, Gambino make it work, I'm the boss, move somethin'
Yeah, this cool fuckin' suits me, swag two button
Yeah, these girls be actin' crazy when they're dancin': Black Swan
I ain't fuckin' at the club, put your clothes back on
Yeah, this beat is a disaster, 9/11 this track
Rappers wanna battle me, I have to mail their heads back
And my clique make that dinero, so it's time to meet the fuckers
I am runnin' this bitch, you are just a dog walker
Leavin' with your girl when we last seen each other
Yeah, you fuckin' with the baddest like we tag team Rihanna
Fly girl on her knees, she don't wanna come near me
Yeah, my dick is too big, there's a big bang theory
Got her picture in my iPhone, what do y'all think?
While y'all niggas masturbate, I'm in that Ariel Pink
If I am just a rapper, man, you could've fooled me
I'm the shit, when these dudes talk, they talkin' bull me, ah

[Interlude]
Yeah, rah, rah, okay

[Verse 2]
Alright, I'm down with the black girls of every single culture
Filipino, Armenian girls on my sofa
Yeah, I like a white girl, sometimes we get together
Need a thick chick though
So it's black and yellow, black and yellow
Love is a trip, but fuckin' is a sport
Are there Asian girls here? Minority report
Put your team on the map, Blake Griffin on the court
Niggas bitin' off my tracks, need a knife and a fork
We the illest, need a nurse, here's the check, grab your purse
Unless we fuckin', then I'll pay for all the food on the Earth, man
I got some pussy that was insane
So insane, it's an enemy of Batman
I'm dominant, niggas call me faggot 'cause they closeted
I'm hot as shit, comin' out the backside of a rocket ship
It's monster shit, you dudes are the opposite of Loch Nesses
Respond to this, we can squash the beef right now like sausages
Chillin' with my n-words, say it like a white kid
Yes, your booty's big as hers, say that to my white bitch
So she don't get embarrassed, my dick is made of carrots
Bunnies wantin' to be fed it, I meant honeys, oh, forget it
I have worked all winter, I will not fail summer
In the back of a bush, like Gavin Rossdale's drummer
Yeah, my stinger's in her flower, I hope she let me pollinate
Workin' hard as shit, yeah, this beat is made from concentrate
Nigga, can't you tell that my sample of Adele
Was so hot, I got these hood niggas blowin' up my cell?
Swag out the ass, I'm the man, fuck chico
Took the G out your waffle, all you got left is your ego
Think about it for a second
Man, we eatin', where's your breakfast?
Man, you hungry, have this sandwich
Got my wallet, cheese, and lettuce
An elephant never forgets, so my dick remembers everything
Green inside your wallet is that pussy open sesame
Runnin' the game, fuck am I sayin'?
Runnin' the Earth, give me a month
Told all you niggas I'm in it to win it
'Cause havin' an Emmy just wasn't enough
You get sloppy drunk, I stay whiskey neat
My clique should be cancelled: Freaks and Geeks

[Intro]

[Verse 1: Gucci]
Swag turned to the maximum
She know what it is and know what it ain't
Go hard in the paint like Flocka Flame
That Gucci Mane and I'm off the chain (Gucci)
Got pretty swag diddy bop
With a pretty girl in the club
Look like bugs all on my fingers
Earrings flashing, bright like a blinker
When I hold my wrist up it's a turn signal
It's funny to me, you are dumber than me
If you think your man got more money than me
My tennis shoes cost two thousand a piece
I'm a quadruple OG murdering beats
This right here is my new Lambo
Yellow on black with the yellow for Forgiato
Pull up with a yellow bone sippin' on Moscato
Yeah nigga handsome jumpin' out the Phantom
Red drop head ridin' round East Atlanta
Soulja Boy Gucci Mane hittin' with the tandem
Girls rock with 'em but the haters can't stand 'em
Out shine 'em and out last 'em
This right here is the pretty boy anthem
Quarter on the watch, half a mil on the chain
And the charm right here make a rapper can't stand 'em

[Hook: Soulja Boy]
This right here is my swag
All the girls are on me, swag
Everybody pay attention
This right here is my pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Girls on my dick when I pretty boy swag
Girls scream my name when I pretty boy swag
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Girls on my dick when I pretty boy swag
Girls scream my name when I pretty boy swag
Soldier!

[Verse 2: Soulja Boy]
Get out the way
Pretty boy comin' through
Me and my crew we swaggin' in the room
Girls on me heavy cause I look so sexy
Yellow diamond shawty in the club straight flexin'
I'm lookin' for a yellow bone long haired star (star)
Thick in the hips come and get in my car (Soulja)
You party with a star we take off and go to Mars
Pretty boy take off in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1

[Hook: Soulja Boy]
This right here is my swag
All the girls are on me, swag
Everybody pay attention
This right here is my pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Girls on my dick when I pretty boy swag
Girls scream my name when I pretty boy swag
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Girls on my dick when I pretty boy swag
Girls scream my name when I pretty boy swag
Soulja!

[Verse 3: Soulja Boy]
I'm pretty boy swaggin' in the club I feel sexy (No homo)
No homo shawty but my chest is straight flexin' (Flexin')
Tatted on my neck, shawty said she choose me (choose me)
She got nice titties and a fat ass booty (Booty)
Took her to my condo, let the girl strip
Then she got naked then she pretty girl dipped (Soulja)
Damn I like the way, lil' mama shake that ass
She pretty girl dancin' while I pretty boy swag
Got damn

[Hook: Soulja Boy]
This right here is my swag
All the girls are on me, swag
Everybody pay attention
This right here is my pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Girls on my dick when I pretty boy swag
Girls scream my name when I pretty boy swag
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Watch me pretty boy swag (Ayy)
Girls on my dick when I pretty boy swag
Girls scream my name when I pretty boy swag
Soldier!

[Intro]
Hell yeah
It's an everyday struggle
Trying to get out, trying to get out, trying to make it
Check this out nigga, what

[Chorus]
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what

[Verse 1]
I need to get away to another day or place and time
And find where reality can ease my mind
And shine on me like the sun to the Earth
For what it's worth, my turf is rough and rugged so I gave birth
To a dream where cream lies between
All the dirt and the gravel, so I battle to achieve my green
And still try to move forward at a steady pace
Cause bad luck is interfering with my paper chase
So I erase the crime, lies, and sad cries
With sore eyes and keep mines on an up rise
But it don't work cause I'm steady getting jerked
By my neighborhood, up to no good, where bad niggas lurk
They irk me, leaving effects that's too negative
So Ludacris is looking for a better place to live
And I can't stand it, it's really got me bugging
It's like I'm in a war and I just keep on tugging
Cause I'm

[Chorus]
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what

[Verse 2]
I try to find a way out of this maze, it's got me crazed
I'm in a daze, so many ways to boost into a different phase
But I can't think I can't do nothing, you think I'm fronting
You hear me grunting Lord, you ain't even saying nothing
I need some currency before there's an emergency
Forget crimes, I won't let my mind get the best of me
It's not gon' happen, I'm trapped in two worlds
On one side I see diamonds, on the other I see pearls
It's a whirlwind disaster with two damn sides
So I'm gone with the wind then come right back with the tide
I keep my eyes on the skies and my head in the clouds
And when my mouth is shut up, it makes my thoughts get loud!
Just like a crowd in a stadium, mills I be craving them
Money making schemes locked up in my cranium
Cause I need out of this critical situation
My mind's in jail, I don't know the time that it's facing
Cause I'm

[Chorus]
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what

[Verse 3]
I'm sick of knocking, I'm sick of clocking
I'm sick of dropping in a hole, never reaching my goal
It's got my soul separated into pieces, it just increases
I'm hit with anger like a cook's hit with hot greases
So if you understood my attitude
Maybe you'd feel what I'm feeling
And it'd start appealing
To your intellect and aspect of dreams and aspirations
Death by temptations, even got my heart pacing
So I'm tracing a line where I can find a better path
And make it last, sit back and laugh before the aftermath
The tragic flaw is what makes it raw
So let it thaw and I'll get through it even if I have to crawl
My way, I see the sun and there's no delay
I'ma pray, cause the Lord'll make a brighter day
Or will he keep me in this holding cell?
But enough with the questions, the only story to tell is that I'm

[Chorus]
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what
I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place
Bad luck is what results from my paper chase
I keep looking but it ain't no goals
So I don't wanna look no mo', what

[Intro]
Your call has been forwarded to an automated voice messaging system
DJ OnPoint

[Verse]
Damn, broke as a bad joke
But still I laugh though, frontin' tryna have hope
It's sad though, I'm tired of being broke as shit
I'm seeing other niggas ball and I'm like 0 for 6
Ayy, man, I just graduated, good old college degree
Shit, my niggas drug dealing see more dollars than me
I know my calling, it's in my blood to do this music thing
Won't be that illest nigga that you never knew his name
I'm looking at these fake A&R's like, "You a lame
That boy a genius and you ain't even listen, man, you insane"
But you'll see though, just what the hell a nigga 'bout to be though
So give me one year then play this back like TiVo
'Cause boy I'm finna blow, I'm a motherfuckin' torpedo
The music's in my blood so watch these niggas turn mosquito, uh
I play the villain and the hero, some grow man shit
Feel like a goddamn kid, man I'm Pac and Big (What up?)
"Up" is something that I can't give
Won’t see me disappear like the old Aunt Viv'
'Cause even on a slow jam, I'm so damn sick
Man I even spread a virus to a program, quick
I gotta focus on my flow and get some dough, man, shit
No dollars got me actin' like I got no damn sense
But peace to my broham's and to my ex-lady
Yeah we been complicatin' things with the sex lately
Maybe I'm being selfish, but nah, I can't help it
'Cause girl we go back like a throwback Celtic, Jersey
Regardless of where God lead us
Just know that I was Martin and you was my Gina, uh
But I'm through living in the past, Lord
No more thinking rewind, I'm more fast forward
Less rear-view mirror and more dashboard
I'm visualizin' cash and stamps on a passport
That CLS with a full tank of gas for it
Cop my mom a whip, nigga, and she ain't even ask for it
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon' get my mama out the struggle
Wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon' get my mama out the struggle
Said I'm wise enough to know that money can't buy you happiness or lovers
But it's gon' get my mama out the struggle, nigga
I'd like to welcome ya'll to
My life, my life, my life, my life, in the sunshine... (Okay, in the sunshine)
Everybody loves the sunshine
This is the come up, nigga, uh, sunshine

[Bridge]
Ayo real quick man
Everybody loves the sunshine
Y'all be a part of this experience man, The Come Up
While we gettin' outta here, I just wanna give a few shout outs man
(Sunshine) First and foremost man, my fam man, my mother my brother man
(Folks get down in the sunshine) God nigga, yes God nigga
For real my brothers from another mothers man, RJ man
(Sunshine) Mike Shaw, what it is man, Dreamville all day, we not
(Folks get down in the sunshine) We callin’ that shit Fayettenam, nigga
But we also callin' that shit Dreamville
Nigga, you got a dream, you can get the fuck ‘bout outta yo situation, nigga
Shout out to By Any Mean, my nigga Ebro man
Them two nice niggas, man
All the way, all terrain music all day
(There’s trees and plants and flowers) It’s a beautiful life man
From Rags to Riches, watch me man
(There’s trees and plants and flowers) From Rags to Riches

[Outro: DJ OnPoint & J. Cole]
Shout out to the whole North Carolina (Yeah)
(There’s trees and plants and flowers) (Uh, yeah)
You just experienced The Come Up
DJ OnPoint, J. Cole

[Hook (x2)]
I been there, and done that
You got guns? Ayo, I got straps
A million motherfuckers on the planet Earth
Talk that hard bullshit cause that's all they worth

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
No question, it's all about the D-O-E
So if money is the root I want the whole damn tree
Ain't tryna stick around for Illuminati
Got to buy my own island by the year 2G
Since way back, I've been collectin my fee
With the 48 tracks and the M-I-C
Got a palace in the Hills overlookin the sea
It's worth eight, but I only paid five point three
Worldwide, like the triple beam I slide
Listenin to your demo in the stretch limo
Is how I ride, cartel style, vaults stacked to the max now
A million dollar style, niggas wonder how
"Dre Day" every day
Trips to Montego Bay with more chips than Frito Lay
Floss jewels and attire, ain't nothin' flyer
Straight or illegal, it's still the root of all evil, cause

[Hook (x2)]

[Verse 2]
Young black Rockefeller, hella swiss and mozarella
Pockets sweller, gettin money like a bank teller
Cause a fool and his dough soon split
So when you come across a fool get all that you can get
Ladies, get your paper too
Don't expect for no man to support you, keep it true
Cause most niggas erase hoes that's out for the pesos
My woman's independent, makin dough by the caseloads
I'mma keep buildin', make a killin'
Kick back relax, and grow old with my millions
That's where it's at, you got drama, I got the gat
But we both black, so I don't wanna lay you flat
Instead let's get paper, while it's paper to get
Private jet, 600 Coupes, then I run Vettes
I'm livin on another level that y'all ain't been yet
Spend a mill', no sweat, water the lawn with Moet

[Hook (x2)]

[Verse 3]
This is for the millionaires, throw a stack in the air
And watch niggas start plottin, bitches start to stare
Cause game is money, and money is game
And broke niggas make the 45 flame with no shame
Now many people die over these dead green guys
Ignorance and greed take they ass by surprise
It's the root of all evil and sins
Yet and still it makes the world go around like my 20 inch rims
Moolah y'all, platinum plaques cover my walls
Grindin, diamonds shinin, without one flaw
Get the cash, the grass, the ass and bounce
Luciano in all amounts, that's all that counts, cause

[Hook (x2)]

[Outro: Dr. Dre]
Uhhh, yeah, uh
Yeah, uh, yeah, uh
That's right, ha
All these people out talkin about who they are, what they got
Heh, it don't even matter
Been there, done that
As long as you true to yourself, gotta be true to yourself
I was always told
If you don't stand for somethin you'll fall for anything, ha ha
Yeah, that's right!
The Aftermath, beatin up on your eardrums
Heh, gotta say whassup to King Tee, and my man Nationowl
They up in here, gotta say whassup to Chris the Glove
G-L-O-V-E, ha ha
Yeah, that's how it goes down, ha ha, yeah, ahh
This is how we comin, heh, yeah
This is how we comin y'all - you know what? Huh

[Hook (x2)]

[Intro: Beyoncé]
To the left, to the left
To the left, to the left
Mmm

[Verse 1: Beyoncé]
To the left
Everything you own in the box to the left
In the closet that's my stuff yes
If I bought it nigga please don't touch
And keep talking that mess, that's fine
But could you walk and talk at the same time
And it's my name that is on that Jag
So remove your bags let me call you a cab

[Pre-Hook: Beyoncé]
Standing in the front yard telling me
How I'm such a fool, talking bout
How I'll never ever find a man like you
You got me twisted

[Hook: Beyoncé]
You must not know 'bout me
You must not know 'bout me
I could have another you in a minute
Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute, baby
You must not know 'bout me
You must not know 'bout me
I will have another you by tomorrow
So don't you ever for a second get to thinking
You're irreplaceable (Irreplaceable)

[Verse 2: Beyoncé]
So go ahead and get gone
And call up on that chick and see if she is home
Oops, I bet ya thought that I didn't know
What did you think I was putting you out for?
Cause you was untrue
Rolling her around in the car that I bought you
Baby you dropped them keys hurry up before your taxi leaves

[Pre-Hook: Beyoncé]
Standing in the front yard telling me
How I'm such a fool, talking bout
How I'll never ever find a man like you
You got me twisted

[Hook: Beyoncé]
You must not know 'bout me
You must not know 'bout me
I could have another you in a minute
Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute, baby
You must not know 'bout me
You must not know 'bout me
I will have another you by tomorrow
So don't you ever for a second get to thinking

[Verse 3: Ghostface Killah & Beyoncé]
Ayo love you need to calm down over something small
Word, you had to flip, that girl ain't mine
She a custie, word life, she love my shit
I know Kianna told words, she saw us both in the whip
Not mine in the business, ugly self with a flat ass
I know that's your friend, but you first need a man
And regardless to what I do
I'mma stay on my grind, bust my heat and make sure there's food
When we can't stand the rain in the rolex now
And we feeling like a shell jammed up in a barrel
All we gotta do is talk this out
Now you tell me who that man that got hard who set foot in this house
Girl you must not know bout me
That shiny thang in the room gon pluck a tree
And don't make this the reason I ain't touch you in eight days
I thought you was on your friend, thanks, he was leaving you mad late
You pulling out your hair, you scratch my face
Rip my rhyme book's wilding, and you trashed the place
This is unjustifiable
I'mma do these dishes and wash my ass cus I ain't gotta lie to you
Cus I ain't gotta lie to you
You're irreplaceable (Irreplaceable)

[Bridge: Beyoncé]
So since I'm not your everything
How about I'll be nothing
Nothing at all to you
Baby I won't shed a tear for you
I won't lose a wink of sleep
Cause the truth of the matter is
Replacing you is so easy

[Interlude: Beyoncé]
To the left, to the left
To the left, to the left
Mmm
To the left, to the left
Everything you own in the box to the left
To the left, to the left
Don't you ever for a second get to thinking
You're irreplaceable

[Hook: Beyoncé]
You must not know 'bout me
You must not know 'bout me
I could have another you in a minute
Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute, baby
You must not know 'bout me
You must not know 'bout me
I can have another you by tomorrow
So don't you ever for a second get to thinking
You must not know 'bout me (Baby, yeah)
You must not know 'bout me
I could have another you in a minute
Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute
You can pack all your bags, we're finished
(You must not know 'bout me)
'Cause you made your bed, now lay in it
(You must not know 'bout me)
I can have another you by tomorrow
Don't you ever for a second get to thinking
You're irreplaceable

[Intro: DJ Khaled & Trick Daddy]
Diaz Brothers
DJ Khaled
I rep my city
Dade County, let's go!
Dade County stand up right now
All the way from Carol City to Florida City, Opa-Locka
By way thru Overtown and liberty City
Coconut Grove and South Miami
Wynwood, Hialeah, Little Haiti, Little Havana
South Miami Heights P-Rine, Richmond Heights
Naranja, Homestead, and can't forget about gooh
Dade County, let it do what it do
Rest in peace to Uncle Al
We The Best
Dade County, let's go
I rep my city
Nigga, I rep my city
Miami, Listennn

[Verse 1: Trick Daddy]
I'm well-connected, well-respected fo' gangsta shit
I'm from the city of Caprices and Impalas bitch
Yo I'm from down the way, you know--around the way
Dade Country, tre-05, rep the whole M-I-A
A.K.'s and Chevrolets, nappy braids and heads shaved
Look here, shit real, we really get it how we live
We get on heavy creel, we get on heavy pills
Me and my niggas, and my Cubans and my Haitians them
Bitch I'm from Dade County, we go way harder
We do it way bigga (why), cause we some made niggas
For on pray they raised to get money waist
We gon' get it off they pop like we get it down in Dade
Aye

[Chorus]
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)

[Verse 2: Trina]
305, it's my city
Yes, I'm from Dade County
Plus I'm fly, so I keep some bad bitches 'round me
Whuddup Khaled, you my nigga so homey, lemme git 'em
Yes I'm back, plus I'm mad, so I ain't playin' wit 'em
Any bitch wanna come test me
Yup, come to my city, that's where I be
I ride all in the hood in my new Bentley wit' my ass out skirt up
I don't give a fuck (what?!)
Ride out, cause I'm runnin' the south
Got some real gangsta niggas that'll run in ya house
Wanna open my mouth shoot diamonds out
They go "Brra-Tat-Tat" so you betta watch out
Ouch!

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Bitch I got money too
"Trilla" album comin' soon
Triple C's, 305, P-O-E give us room
Whip the keys (twenty-five!), in the kitchen (cookin' food!)
Baby "We The Best", quit, hate the rest
Dade County, you name it (whudd?!)
You roll it, I like it (Ross!)
She rollin' wit moi (moi!)
Talk to 'em like it (yuh!)
Khaled's the boss
Like Ricky's the Ross
Everyone of my doggs, where my dickies in The Source
Come here girl, lemme get you this
This one Rick try to get you rich
Candy paint on my six-six (six), you can call that bitches rich
Like EA Sports, I'm in the game
Fallin' the blaze, causin fo' Dade

[Interlude: DJ Khaled]
Doe Boy, Slip-N-Side
Epidemic, Dope Ridas, Cash Money, Terror Squad
Dade County, I do this fo' us
Listennn

[Verse 4: Brisco]
Yuh, I got money too
Bris', I be comin' thru
Ca$h-Money, money bags (yes!) got me livin' comfortable (Yeah!)
Still hood, still real (Unhh!), Opa-Locka is real (Yeah!)
Off my dogs daddy dad, So horny pooking on them pills
Dade County dope-boy, best believe I'm 'bout dat doe
Chose come up get em yep, we ain't really by that def
Yeah, I'm the future, got the goons 'round me
And yeah I rep my city, bitch
I'm from Dade County

[Verse 5: Flo-Rida]
Ayy!
Don't you for I really get 'em up throw 'em up, who ya wanna be?
Gitt'em, we hit em, we split 'em, we stick em, touch you wanna mine gotta grill 'em
Boii, the city where they got the illest, killas
M-I-A my niggas, hommie we don't play
Better get out the way, you ain't ever seen real go realer
Do not be thankin' we soft or we sweet
Come on the opposite side of the beach
They gotta the choppas that'll put you to sleep
Yeah, that's them choppas, you know what I mean
That's when I top wanna say about your dreams
We on the docks clippin' that clean
Holla on the block cause we under degrees
That's what about rep that A-P-T's
Dope-Boy, just call me a Doe Boy
I'm that international boy, Flo-Rida fo' sho boy
Triple C's the second, I get it fo' low, boy
We trillin' cause we the best in Dade County
You better know it, cause

[Chorus]
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)

[Verse 6: C-Ride]
Carol City on my mind, we mobbin' out the line
I'm on dat Chevy on 28's, I'm changin' all lines
We work hard, nigga you sleep, pu-pu-pushin', we run the streets
You are whatchu eat, young pussy, go brush ya teef
Try to keep that Ca$h Money like big city
I got a girl, I got a boy I'm big city
I gotta rep my city, C-Ridin', durrt bags dro hound, let's go get it
Dade County goons, open Dade County cocks ho'
Get yo'self if you don't get with it Dade County my ho!

[Verse 7: Dre]
Unhh
From the depths of CC to Opa-Locka
D-R-E, North Miami shoot up off ya block
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
I got a choppa in the kitchen, Betty Croc is the name (Yup!)
I needs me my Dade County Big Booty ho' she pretty
Let her push the Chevy, hogg thru city
Let 'em know that 54 cuz on the video overtime
They got rockin every city them niggas back pounds of that purp'
Yeah--What it is, what it does, we are th-th-the best
I'm from the city where you need to were somebody go to fast
Ain't no other city realer then the city I stay in
The cake, I reppin the realest city we stay
Nigga!!

[Chorus]
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County
Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby)

[Intro: T.I.]
Ayy, let me kick it to you right quick, man
Not on some gangsta shit, man, on some real shit
Anybody done been through the same thing
I'm sure you feel the same way
Big Phil, this for you, pimpin'

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & T.I.]
Oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, hey

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Ever had one of them days wish you woulda stayed home
Run into a group of niggas who gettin' they hate on?
You walk by, they get wrong
You reply, then shit get blown
Way outta proportion, way past discussion
Just you against them, pick one, then rush him
Figure you get jumped, hell, that's nothin'
They don't wanna stop there, now they bustin'
Now you gushin', ambulance rushin' you
To the hospital with a bad concussion
Plus you hit four times, bullet hit yo' spine
Paralyzed waist-down, now you're wheelchair-bound
Never mind that now, you lucky to be alive
Just think, it all started, you fussin' with three guys
Now your pride in the way, but your pride is the way
You could fuck around, get shot, die any day
Niggas die everyday, all over bullshit
Dope money, dice game, ordinary hood shit
Could this be ‘cause of hip hop music?
Or did the ones with the good sense not use it?
Usually niggas don't know what to do when
Their back against the wall, so they just start shootin'
For red or for blue or for blow, I guess
From Bankhead up to yo projects

[Pre-Chorus: T.I.]
No more stress, now I'm straight
Now I get it, now I take
Time to think before I make
Mistakes just for my family's sake
That part of me left yesterday
The heart of me is strong today
No regrets, I'm blessed to say
The old me dead and gone away

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & T.I.]
Oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, hey

[Verse 2: T.I.]
I ain't never been scared, I lived through tragic situation
Coulda been dead lookin' back at it
Most of that shit didn't even have to happen
But you don't think about it when you out there trappin'
In apartments, hangin', smokin' and rappin'
Niggas start shit, next thing you know, we cappin'
Get locked up, then didn't even get mad
Now think about, damn, what a life I had!
Most of that shit, look back, just laugh
Some shit, still look back, get sad
Maybe my homeboy still be around
Had I not hit the nigga in the mouth that time
I won that fight, I lost that war
I can still see my nigga walkin' out that door
Who'da thought I'd never see Philant no more?
Got enough dead homies, I don't want no more
Cost a nigga his jaw, cost me more
I'da took that ass-whoopin' now for sure
Now, think before I risk my life
Take them chances to get my stripes
A nigga put his hands on me, alright
Otherwise, stand there, talk shit all night
'Cause I hit you, and you sue me
I shoot you, get locked up, who? Me?

[Pre-Chorus: T.I.]
No more stress, now I'm straight
Now I get it, now I take
Time to think before I make
Mistakes just for my family's sake
That part of me left yesterday
The heart of me is strong today
No regrets, I'm blessed to say
The old me dead and gone away

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & T.I.]
Oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, hey

[Bridge: Justin Timberlake]
I turn my head to the East
I don't see nobody by my side
I turn my head to the West
Still nobody in sight
So I turn my head to the North
Swallow that pill that they call pride
The old me is dead and gone
But the new me will be alright
I turn my head to the East
I don't see nobody by my side
I turn my head to the West
Still nobody in sight
So I turn my head to the North
Swallow that pill that they call pride
The old me is dead and gone
But the new me will be alright 'cause

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & T.I.]
Oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And oh, I've been travelin' on this road too long (Too long)
Just tryin' to find my way back home (Back home)
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, hey

[Intro]
Yeah
For all my real ATL niggas, that’s right
This the dope boy anthem
Come on

[Chorus]
Money, hoes, cars and clothes
That's how all my niggas roll
Blowing dro, 24's
That's how all my niggas roll
Money, hoes, cars and clothes
That's how all my niggas roll
Blowing dro, 24's
That's how all my niggas roll

[Verse 1]
I'm in a drop-top Chevy with the roof wide open
My partners looking at me to see if my eyes open
Cause I've been dranking and I've been smoking
And flying down 285 but I'm focused
454 SS, I race Porsches
White leather seats, as fresh as Air Forces
I say, I'm doing 'bout a hundred but the track still bumping
Number 8 on N.W.A, "Straight Outta Compton"
Pull up at your apartment sitting on 20 somethings
And the dope boys hollering "What's happening?" the kid running in
The cliques start dancing and the broads start choosing
And the cars been parked but the rims keep moving
Sign pictures, buy an onion of good and throw the deuces
I ain't Hollywood, I come from the hood, I'm used to it
So if your rear view shaking and your seats vibrating
24 inch Dayton's got the Chevrolet skatin' makin'

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I make a million and I'm satisfied, I'll get the rest
Underaged civilian in the tightest ride, I want the best
I refuse to get a 9 to 5, Imma flip my keys
Been paying my dues since '89, tryna get my cheese
Diamonds gleam when I'm on the scene, they know it's me
Ain't no dream or no fantasy bitch, it's T-I-P
Broad busting, like a baby do a binky
Five karat VVS's on my mothafuckin' pinky
Half of Hennessy and Belvedere's what we drinking
Pimp squad send for broads, what the hell you niggas thinking?
Young nigga spending weekends on the islands in the fall
24 inch rim shining when I'm riding cause I'm balling
I'm calling out shots like a pool shark
My tool sparks in the dark when I fool marks
Y'all fools hearts in the wrong place at the wrong time, I got a strong mind
To grab my chrome nine and shoot at your ass for a long time
But I'mma get that ass hauled off, fuck around with the clique
They'll be looking for your dick with a stick, nigga y'all soft
So y'all lost, I'mma ball out at all costs, spit game to a dame
Make her ride on this thang 'til she falls off and sucks balls off, I got the

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
I'm not boucing little shorty, I'm relaxing right now
I'd probably still be trapping if I wasn't rapping right now
Bragging about pistols at the house, well who's strapped right now
Keep on talking folk, I'll lay you on your back right now
Want to act right now, get smacked right now
I'm a buck mothafucka, I don't know how to back down
Clown down here fakin', frontin', talking ‘bout what you making: nothin’
I'm 21 and 10 years deep, that shit to me ain't nothing
I'm raised by the niggas getting head from the jays
Lose your leg when I spray, end up dead from the K
Stay ready for the raid, paid heavy from the yay'
I told my class: kiss my ass, I make 11 everyday

[Chorus]

[Chorus]

[Verse 1]
I do not talk, I am just a rapper
Sick boi make moves like a chess piece
And that move real quick like Nestle
Let me make it clear for a second like Pepsi
I was never worried 'bout my wallet being empty
Cause when it was empty, I was still happy
Walkin' with my Walkman, freestyle rappin'
High school bullies like what the fuck happened
Nigga off the hook like I fuckin' shot the captain
And this is me relaxing, rappin' is my hobby
I did this in my bedroom where I separate my laundry
Watchin' old episodes of Shining Time Station
You are now listening to my mouth on vacation (ation)
Why you doing this, what's your motivation?
I am just a rapper, I don't need the paper
No Will Smith, went off without a hitch, man
C-H-I-L-D is the ISH man
Do sixteen bars no wristband
I'll always be childish, call me Maggie Simpson
Run the track like my tongue's an Olympian
I've always been this good, you just weren't listenin'

[Verse 2]
I'ma try to make my street cred stack up
I mean I'm rapping over Grizzly Bear, what the fuck?
Gather swagger up, before I take it all
You started rapping when you wasn't good at basketball
I started rapping cause I fucking need some Adderall
I can't do one thing, I'm just too good
I can't do one thing, I am Tiger Woods
I make your iPod hotter than a lighter would
Picture me in sixth grade, overweight, overbite
Got my fake Adidas on, whiting out the fourth stripe
Kid named Vincent got it out for me, I hate that guy
Frodo from Chicago, really small and shy
You better recognize, cause I know better now
Cause I was always sick, my life's a hospital
And that's some funny shit, that turd is Apatow
That female dog is blind, well bitch look at me now!
I'm wearing tight jeans and nobody's laughing
More pussy than recycled sanitary napkins
Bitch sitting shotgun in my Tracy Chapman
I did exactly what you niggas said would never happen
I'm doing me so big I can hardly walk
These rappers need ER like they're Charlie Park
Stay hard like my suit made by Tony Stark
This kind of music make your balls drop, Dick Clark
Yes I'm grown and sexy and I'm worth the wait
Girls act like I'm the only dude on earth to date
Put these words on your head and let them percolate
We need to separate, nigga church and state
I used to have to pay for gas in my mama's Saturn
And now I'm paying for a mortgage as a working actor
If living my life is what you say you're chasing after
Nigga stop talking shit and just be a rapper (Be a rapper)

[Mase]
Yeah! Uh

[Kanye West]
(Jesus, Jesus, talk to me)
(Jesus, Jesus, walk with me)
(Jesus, Jesus...)
(Jesus, Jesus...)

[Mase]
This song right here changed my life… come on, come on!

[Chorus: Kanye West]
(Jesus walks)
God showed me the way, now the devil can’t break me down
(Jesus walks with me)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Between the girls and the jewelry
The devil tryin’ lure me, it fury me
(Jesus walks with me)
My pastor's shakin’ his head
He ain’t sure of me, but surely
(Jesus walks with me)
They asked, do you say your prayers at least two a week?
I ain’t talking to God, I know what I’ve been doin’ G
Do you know how I be embarrassed?
My prayers sound like Ben Stiller’s on Meet the Parents
And I ain’t good, what they give us this day
The slaves is trying to give us this free
I’m trying to give us this pay
Man, you know how ‘dem strippers was
We was all ghetto fabulous
All at the rooms in the Sybaris
From this jacuzzi water, can you cleanse us?
Can you please unfog my Cartier lenses?
God sends signs sometimes only in glimpses
For me I almost died, falling asleep in them Benzes
It’s something about this beat that get me tranquilized
And when I play it at my shows I feel sanctified
And He gives me direction when I can’t decide
He is alive
How can you tell me that He ain't when I said

[Chorus]
(Jesus walks)
God showed me the way, now the devil can't break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(I want Jesus)
And now I think there is something that I can say now that'll right my wrongs
(Jesus walks with me)
I finally talked to God, I ain't afraid cause His love is so strong

[Verse 2: Common]
Open your eyes, there's smoke in the skies
The Beast is holdin' a lies
Everywhere we move, motion denied
Emotion derived from posters of pride
Of African, cultures and tribes
Who live when we suppose they die
Laugh when we suppose they cry
The pain we holding inside
Cause all we really know is survive
Use that to remember we're kings
That's why we so addicted to diamonds and rings
And cutless supremes
Seen Diana Ross remember that my sisters is queens
The Lord is coming -- for now, he visit in dreams
For every mission it seems impossible
Speak to the gospel to remind me what God can do
When it's not logical
To those in hospitals and prisons
Low-income living
For them I say a prayer keep giving
Learning to receive
My heart is burnin' to achieve
Even when it's hard to breathe, I still believe that

[Chorus]
(Jesus walks)
God showed me the way, now the devil can't break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(I want Jesus)

[Verse 3: Mase]
Before you take my name, take my fame
While you at it take my shame
Take my flaws, take my blame?
Feel my dirt, conceal my hurt
See my bruise, do this and you will walk in my shoes
You wasn't there when I was in deep thought
When I had two choices: kill him, or either leave New York
But I'm a truth teller, that's why I say what I'm saying
And the only thing the radio playing
Is cause you be paying
It ain't about who really hot no more
Beats wit knock no more
So who cares who flop no more?
I realize that most labels pay you for lies
And only law dudes can disguise
That your favorite artist (shhh)
I know you hear that (huh?)
You wanna fear that? (what?)
Your worst dream is that you was gonna hear that
Icon to rap is like John the Baptist
Prepared the way for what I came to say today
They deceived us, having thinking Jesus
Really didn't need us, when He loved the old days
He loved them boys in the hallway up in Broadway
Even those who re up for dope, every four days
To the strippers in broad day up in Norway
To the Detroit player gators in Marbres
With me, it's not just bars of music
I walk with God, I got the scars to prove it

[Chorus]
(Jesus walks)
God show me the way, now the devil can't break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now

[Outro: Mase]
Everybody out there
Just lift your hands right now
Just say this with me
Father, I thank you
For forgiving me of everything I've ever done
For Jesus walking with me
For dying for me
Raising for me
And all my sins have been forgiven
I'm a changed man
I'm healed, I'm delivered, I'm rich
And it's all because of Him
Now walk with me
Walk with me, walk, walk, walk with me
Walk with me
It’s about time I reacted look at y’all did to this rap shit
Knowin’ niggas is wrong, come on with the cat shit, wack shit
Get niggas, toe down, clap quick, blam, blam, blam
Go down that quick
Acting like the truth is gone
Heard em say, don’t deal with the ruthless one
This two piece leave your faggot ass toothless son
I go hard, (dawg, don’t do it)
Too late it’s done
Hold up, I done show you why the dog is the illest
Killers, you might not catch it, but you feel this
The realest nigga to ever do it
The realest nigga to ever go through it
And y’all gon bring me back to it
Y’all gon make me lose my mind
Came from crime, I’mma change with time
Niggas don’t know me
What d’ya mean I hold something

[Chorus: DMX]
Y'all gon' make me lose my mind
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me go all out
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me act a fool
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me lose my cool
Up in here, up in here

[Verse 1: DMX]
If I gots to bring it to you cowards, then it's gonna be quick (Aight)
All your mans that been to jail before, suck my dick
And all them other cats you run with, get done with dumb quick
How the fuck you gon' cross the dog on some bum shit? (Aight)
There go the gun click, 911 shit
All over some dumb shit, ain't that some shit?
Y'all niggas remind me of a strip club
'Cause every time you come around, it's like what?
I just gotta get my dick sucked
And I don't know who the fuck you think you talkin' to
But I'm not him, aight, Slim? So watch what you do
Or you gon' find yourself buried next to someone else
And we all thought you loved yourself
But that couldn't have been the issue
Or maybe they just saying that now 'cause they miss you
Shit, a nigga tried to diss you
That's why you laying on your back
Looking at the roof of the church
Preacher tellin' the truth and it hurts

[Chorus: DMX]
Y'all gon' make me lose my mind
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me go all out
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me act a fool
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me lose my cool
Up in here, up in here

[Verse 2: DMX]
Off the chain, I leave niggas soft in the brain
'Cause niggas still want the fame off the name
First of all, you ain't rapped long enough
To be fucking with me, and you, you ain't strong enough
So whatever it is you puffin' on
That got you think that you Superman, I got the Kryptonite
Should I smack him with my dick or the mic?
Y'all niggas is characters, not even good actors
What's gon' be the outcome? (Hmm), let's add up all the factors
You wack, you twisted, your girl's a ho
You broke, the kid ain't yours and everybody know
Your old man say you stupid, you be like, "So?"
"I love my baby mother, I'll never let her go"
I'm tired of weak-ass niggas whining over puss
That don't belong to them, fuck is wrong with them?
They fuck it up for real niggas like my mans and them
Who get it all on the strength of the hands with them, man

[Chorus: DMX]
Y'all gon' make me lose my mind
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me go all out
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me act a fool
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me lose my cool
Up in here, up in here

[Verse 3: DMX]
I bring down rain so heavy it hurts the head
No more talking, put him in the dirt instead
You keep walking, 'less you tryna end up red
'Cause if I end up fed, y'all end up dead
'Cause you's a soft type nigga
Fake up North type nigga
Get pushed like a soft white nigga
Dog is a dog, blood's thicker than water
We done been through the mud and we quicker to slaughter
The bigger the order, the more guns we brung out
Run up in there, everybody come out, don't nobody burn out
Sun in to sun out, I'ma keep the gun out
Nigga running his mouth, I'ma blow his lung out
Listen, your ass is about to be missin'
You know who gon' find you? (Who?), some old man fishin'
Grandma wishin' your soul's at rest
But it's hard to digest with the size of the hole in your chest

[Chorus: DMX]
Y'all gon' make me lose my mind
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me go all out
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me act a fool
Up in here, up in here
Y'all gon' make me lose my cool
Up in here, up in here

[Bridge: DMX]
One, two, meet me outside
Meet me outside, meet me outside
All my Ruff Ryders gon' meet me outside
Meet me outside, meet me outside
All my big ballers gon' meet me outside
Meet me outside, meet me outside
All my fly ladies gon' meet me outside
Meet me outside, meet me outside
All my street-street people, meet me outside
Meet me outside, outside, motherfucker

[Outro: Swizz Beatz]
X has got y'all bouncin' again
Bouncin' again, bounce-bouncin' again
Dark Man X got y'all bouncin' again
Bouncin' again, bounce-bouncin' again
Swizz-Swizz got y'all bouncin' again
Bouncin' again, bounce-bouncin' again
Ruff Ryders got y'all bouncin' again
Bouncin' again, bounce-bouncin' again
Dark Man, let's get it bouncin' again
Bouncin' again, bounce-bouncin' again
Dark Man, let's get it bouncin' again
Bouncin' again, bounce-bouncin' again
All my streets, they bouncin' again
Bouncin' again, we're bouncin' again
Swizz-Swizz Beatz, we're bouncin' again
Bouncin' again and we bouncin' again
Double R, keep it comin' (Ain't nothin' y'all can do)
Ain't nothin' y'all can do now

[Intro]
Killing in the name of

[Verse]
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Uh!

[Refrain]
Killing in the name of
Killing in the name of

[Pre-Chorus]
Now you do what they told ya
Now you do what they told ya
Now you do what they told ya
Now you do what they told ya
And now you do what they told ya
And now you do what they told ya
And now you do what they told ya
And now you do what they told ya
And now you do what they told ya
And now you do what they told ya
But now you do what they told ya!
Well, now you do what they told ya

[Chorus]
Those who died are justified
For wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
You justify those that died
By wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
Those who died are justified
For wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
You justify those that died
By wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites

[Verse]
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Some of those that work forces
Are the same that burn crosses
Uh!

[Refrain]
Killing in the name of
Killing in the name of

[Pre-Chorus]
Now you do what they told ya
Now you do what they told ya
Now you do what they told ya
Now you do what they told ya
And now you do what they told ya
(Now you're under control) And now you do what they told ya
(Now you're under control) And now you do what they told ya
(Now you're under control) And now you do what they told ya
(Now you're under control) And now you do what they told ya
(Now you're under control) And now you do what they told ya
(Now you're under control) And now you do what they told ya
(Now you're under control) And now you do what they told ya

[Chorus]
Those who died are justified
For wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
You justify those that died
By wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
Those who died are justified
For wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
You justify those that died
By wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
Come on!

[Guitar Solo]
Ugh!
Yeah!
Come on!
Ugh!

[Outro]
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Fuck you, I won't do what you tell me
Motherfucker!
Ugh!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
And I don't mind when we fall out
As long as we fall back into it
I hope we never put an end to it
Even though you not that into it
Heaven, have you ever been to it?
Cause you look like you never been
You're more of a Hell's Angel
And for you, I'd rather sin
Broken heart, love you with a broken heart
For you I'd jump off Noah's arc
Love is blind and hope is dark
Why does pain feel so good?
Love is science live for you
Die for you, and I'll die smiling

[Verse 2: Bruno Mars]
Easy come, easy go, that's just how you live
Oh, take, take, take it all but you never give
Should've known you was trouble from the first kiss
Had your eyes wide open, why were they open?
Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash
You tossed it in the trash, you did
To give me all your love is all I ever asked
Cause what you don't understand is

[Hook: Bruno Mars]
I'd catch a grenade for you, throw my hand on a blade for you
I'd jump in front of a train for you, you know I'd do anything for ya
I would go through all this pain
Take a bullet straight through my brain
Yes, I would die for you, baby, but you won't do the same
No, no, no, no

[Verse 3: Bruno Mars]
Black, black, black and blue, beat me 'til I'm numb
Tell the devil I said, hey, when you get back to where you're from
Mad woman, bad woman, that's just what you are, yeah
You'll smile in my face then rip the brakes out my car
Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash
You tossed it in the trash, yes, you did
To give me all your love is all I ever asked
Cause what you don't understand is

[Hook]

[Bridge: Bruno Mars]
If my body was on fire
Ooh, you'd watch me burn down in flames
You said you loved me, you're a liar
Cause you never, ever, ever did, baby
But darling

[Hook]

[Intro]
I need you, boo
I gotta see you, boo
And the hearts all over the world tonight
Said the hearts all over the world tonight
And I need you, boo (Oh)
I gotta see you, boo (Hey)
And the hearts all over the world tonight
Said the hearts all over the world tonight (Uh, uh)

[Verse 1]
Hey, little mama, ooh, you're a stunner
Hot little figure, yes, you're a winner
And I'm so glad to be yours
You're a class all your own
And ooh, little cutie, when you talk to me
I swear the whole world stops, you're my sweetheart
And I'm so glad that you're mine
You are one of a kind and

[Pre-Chorus]
You mean to me what I mean to you
And together, baby, there is nothing we won't do
'Cause if I got you, I don't need money, I don't need cars
Girl, you're my all

[Chorus]
And oh, I'm into you
And girl, no one else would do
'Cause with every kiss and every hug
You make me fall in love
And now I know I can't be the only one
I bet there's hearts all over the world tonight
With the love of their life who feels
What I feel when I'm
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, girl
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you

[Verse 2]
Oh, girl, I don't want nobody else
Without you, there's no one left then
You're like Jordan's on Saturday
I gotta have you and I cannot wait now
Hey, little shawty, say you care for me
You know I care for you, you know that I'll be true
You know that I won't lie, you know that I would try
To be your everything, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause if I got you, I don't need money, I don't need cars
Girl, you're my all

[Chorus]
And oh, I'm into you (Into you)
And girl, no one else would do (Won't)
'Cause with every kiss and every hug (Hug)
You make me fall in love
And now I know I can't be the only one (I know I can't be the only)
I bet there's hearts all over the world tonight
With the love of their life who feels
What I feel when I'm
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, oh
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, hey, hey

[Bridge]
And I will never try to deny that you are my whole life
'Cause if you ever let me go, I would die so I won't front
I don't need another woman, I just need your all or nothing
'Cause if I got that then I'll be straight
Baby, you're the best part of my day
I need you, boo
I gotta see you, boo
And the hearts all over the world tonight (Hey, hey)
Said the hearts all over the world tonight (Ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah)
They need it, boo (They need it)
They gotta see their boo
Said there's hearts all over the world tonight
Hearts all over the world tonight

[Chorus]
Oh, oh, I'm into you (I'm into you, baby)
And girl, no one else would do
'Cause with every kiss (Every kiss) and every hug (Every hug)
You make me fall in love (You make me)
And now I know I can't be the only one (Can't be the only one)
I bet there's hearts all over the world tonight
With the love of their life who feels
What I feel when I'm
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, girl
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, oh
With you, with you, with you, with you, with you, with you
Only with you, with you, with you, with you, with you, babe, yeah

[Intro]
Yeah
Need y’all niggas to feel me, yo
Feel my pain
Said soft niggas can’t last hard times, yo
Believe that shit
Yeah (yeah), aye (aye)
Real niggas don’t cry
Look, yo

[Verse 1]
Was just a youngin’ with that fresh fade
Bird chest, legs skinny
That hoop dreaming had me tryna be the next Penny
Fresh Pennys on my feet
Momma paid for everything I’m wearing
At the fair staring at girls, not a care in the world
Aw nigga, but shit done changed since Mane was my nickname
A little nigga chasing things, tryna kick game
Now I’m a man worried about my fam
Let me explain
It’s like my pockets stay broke, and if not them shit’s sprained
And so I rap for my niggas trapped in the struggle
You feeling like the world’s on your back so you stumble
In the field like a quarterback get sacked, then you fumble
Jobs don’t call a nigga back, so it’s back to the hustle
Niggas praying for they moms, the same time they moms pray for them
Ask the Lord to stay with them, guide them on they way
But damn a nigga been a lost faith
It hurts on the usual
The only time you catch me up at church is a funeral (damn)

[Hook]
Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga
I don’t know if I’ll see tomorrow
But I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga
But fuck that, I’m aiming for the stars, my nigga
I won’t stop, try ‘til the day I die
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry, no
(ay, ay, ay, yea)
(listen, yo)

[Verse 2]
I sit back and watch the news every now and then
Either get depressed or mad from watching the world just crash
Even the weather’s bad
It be the same shit, got my brain twisted
Like, “Damn it’s ’06 and niggas still up on that gang shit?” (that shit old, dawg)
Yesterday this kid got his whole frame split
Only seventeen, he was finna graduate in like three weeks
Some stupid niggas got him for his chain
But he fought back, they blasted him and left him on the pavement, uh (rest in peace)
And now they telling me this little girl just got raped
Some dude snatched her, she was standing at the bus stop
Wait man, she was eleven!
What the fuck is up with this world?
Got these grown niggas fucking with girls?
Plus the cops harassing us
Every week be blasting us, on accident, or so they claim
Reporters sympathizing like they truly know the pain (right)
They killed her only son
Now she wanna blow her brains out
Change the channel man, I can’t watch this shit

[Hook]
Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga
I don’t know if I’ll see tomorrow
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga
But fuck that, I’m aiming for the stars, my nigga
I won’t stop, try ‘til the day I die
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry, no

[Verse 3]
Take a ride through the city man, tell me what you witness
Poverty, richness, crooked cops, and misfits
Violence, hatred, real devastation
Neighborhoods looking like there’s still segregation
Welfare, single mothers, no jobs
Tryna get a piece for yourself, but they hogging up the whole pie
Fiends in the street so high off of that crack shit
This nigga thirteen with a gat under his mattress (bang!)
White folks got the road to success mapped and that’s all good
But why don’t blacks got that same atlas?
I asked the same question a million ways
And it seems like I done prayed for a million days
But still the ills remain, just bills and pain
Shootouts in project buildings, children slain
Skies filled with rain and I just sit and wonder why
It's enough to make a nigga wanna cry, but I can’t though

[Hook]
Sometimes sunshine turn to rain my nigga
The same ones you love will bring you pain, my nigga
I don’t know if I’ll see tomorrow
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry
And in this life, times getting hard my nigga
But fuck that, I’m aiming for the stars, my nigga
I won’t stop, try ‘til the day I die
And I won’t cry, no, I can’t cry, no

[Outro]
Yeah, shit dedicated to my cousin Ricky man
Hoop dreams cut short man
Learned he had a baby on the way
Nigga wasn’t even a senior in high school
Hold your head man

[Ad libs for first 32 seconds]

[T-Pain]
Welcome to my rodeo
Hold on, to meeeeee
Baby I will take it slow
How you ride, is the keyyyyy
You're gonna go left, right, front, back - and nooooo
That just ain't, that-that just ain't, that - that just ain't enough
I can take you everywhere, all around the world
I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl

[Hook: T-Pain]
(Giddy up, giddy up) Pump it up girl (sit it up, sit it up)
Cause I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl
(Giddy up, giddy up) Rope it up girl (sit it up, sit it up)
I like how you do it, do it, do it
Just put yo' hands in the air
Wave 'em round and go yeeeee-hawwwwww (yeeeee-hawwwwww)
Put yo' hands in the air
Wave 'em round and go yeeeee-hawwwwww (yeeeee-hawwwwww, girl)

[T-Pain]
Baby let me rope you up
Tie you down, do it riiiiiight
No matter how hard you buck
Gon' get wild, all niiiiiight
You're gonna go left, right, front, back - and nooooo
That just ain't, that-that just ain't, that-that just ain't enough
I can take you everywhere, all around the world
I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl

[Hook]

[T-Pain]
Hey, I'mma saddle up now baby
Hold onto it tight and go whoa-whoa-whoa-whoaaaaa
For eight seconds long (giddy up, giddy up)
Strong (sit it up, sit it up)
C'mon, ohhhhhhh
I'mma saddle up now baby
Hold onto it tight and go whoa-whoa-whoa, yeah yeah
For eight seconds long (giddy up, giddy up)
Strong (sit it up, sit it up)
I like how you do it, just put it in reverse cowgirl

[Hook] w/ ad libs

[T-Pain]
Hey, I like how you do it (giddy up, giddy up)
Yeah (sit it up, sit it up)
Cowgirl, whoa (giddy up, giddy up)
Giddy up (sit it up, sit it up, sit it up...)

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Ten little Crip niggas runnin outside
All from the turf and they bangin out lives
Far from a scrub cuzz from the Eastside
Where they don't die they just multiply
So.. don't give them niggas a reason
To turn it into spray season
Don't give them niggas a reason
Because they'll turn it into Crip season

[Snoop Dogg]
The gangsta's back, the bank is fat
The gangsta MAC, in a gangsta 'llac
Hmm.. fools be like, "Break off some cheese"
Friends and enemies, aww nigga please
Fuck, you thought who pumped you up
Stop, you stuck too much, pop, drop, you plucked
It's all similar to gettin laaaid
On ya back when the motherfuckin K spraaays
I grind for my shine about my bidness
Lunatic on the shit and I get ignit (ignit)
Gonna proceed to squeeze with ease
One of these, they can't believe how I leave 'em
Look into a mind of a nigga that's crazy
Seventeen years old and still a baby
Gangstas real, they pop the pill
You cap back, young motherfucker it's like that

[Hook]

[Snoop Dogg]
Wake up in the morning lookin funny and shit
Fuck a honey dip.. cause I got money to get
Ain't no books, ain't no help, ain't no role to this
Stay focused young homey, that's the code to this
Keep a strap in ya pocket when you trip through the towns
There's a million motherfuckers tryna get you down
A lot of pain in this game, cocaine is the thang
If ya money right then you might get you a chain
But if ya money is low, there's only one way to go
Jack a rapper at a local rap radio show
So mean, so green, crip back to the block
Then brag to the homies, show 'em what you got
It's a gangsta jack (gangsta jack), in gangsta black (black)
And they thought we just gangsta rapped
Yeah nigga, we take your snaps
Your shooby dooby, hooroobies, and your Scooby snacks (It's like that?)
It's like that!

[Hook]

[Snoop Dogg]
It's a whole lot of fillin when you on the Eastside
On the Eastside, nigga we ride
And it's a whole lot of dealin when you on the Eastside
On the Eastside, nigga we ride
And it's a whole lot of stealin when you on the Eastside
On the Eastside, nigga we ride
And it's a whole lot of killin when you on the Eastside
Eastside, yeah nigga we ride

[Hook]

[Snoop Dogg (singing)]
They say it's crazy out here, it ain't no more fun
I can't walk down the street without my gun, gun

[Verse 1]
Okay whats up my nigga
Word up to seven figures
My swag is always capital, it live in north Virginia
Bino on that hood beat, yain't know he had it in him
Came on this beat, I ain't even buy it dinner
Slide inside the party late, leaving with the baddest ho
Whiskey shots and doin Asian bitches is the status quo
The future's always coming, whether clitoral or vaginal
Always in that pussy like my jacket made of calico
It's on, I made this shit for New Years
Play this shit at midnight, like TV shows with boobies
My asthma status chronic, you can get an ounce of that
Real G's only
Don't fuck up my alphabet
I'm as real as I'mma get, loser who got confident
Attracted to an awkward bitch, but mostly cause we're opposites
Blew up in 0-10 like tick, tick boom
No drugs at the club, I'mma slip shit through
Came hard on this bitch, and my dick did too
Here's a list of the shit I'm addicted to
Like, weed, whiskey, sometimes ex
But that is only when I'm drunk and call her up to have sex
These girls I’m fucking now see my dick as blank checks
So I only sign my name and dot my 'I's but only on her chest, Yes

[Chorus]
What ya'll really want,  What ya'll really want, now
Black guy on Mad Men. I'm telling ya'll it's goin down
Ring around the Ros'e, these bitches love to fall down
Sober girls, broke niggas, tell em that they're not allowed
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on  It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on  It's on, it's on, Let me tell you how it's on

[Verse 2]
Who the fuck you think this bitch is leaving with?
Cause one of us is famous like 'She and Him'
Wasn't cool in high school, but that's expected with geniuses
My music goes hard, bang shit like gay penises
My DJ be Sosupersam
She Asian, fuck that Klu Klux Klan
I love these clothes, that's who I am  My name mean fashion, Gucci mane
We are not exclusive, I hope she understand me
Chris Brown pussy, it won't make it to the Grammys
Finally met your girlfriend, that is why her knees hurt
Been to hell and back and all I gots this fuckin T-shirt
Laughing while mackin these hoes
Vastly these rappers are slow
Asking to get back in the know
When they lacking a passionate flow
Trust in Gambino, he has never failed us
Cause I have got "S" plus what a dog's tail does
Read your blog, it says fuck that fag
I'm like LOL, hash tag rap
DC be spittin Jigga
He white, but he my nigga
My shit be grown man
Your shit be kitty litter
I always do it bigger
I always do it bigger

[Chorus]
What ya'll really want,  What ya'll really want, now
Black guy on Mad Men. I'm telling ya'll it's goin down
Ring around the Ros'e, these bitches love to fall down
Sober girls, broke niggas, tell em that they're not allowed
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on  It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on
It's on, it's on, yes-yes, it's on  It's on, it's on, Let me tell you how it's on

[Outro]
Thank you guys for 2010
Try to do it bigger in 2011
Thank you

[Verse 1]
Childish Gambino, yeah, my voice is annoying
So I don't talk, I let the streets talk for me
Yeah, these girls crazy, half got children
I hate their ex-boyfriends, call 'em Scott Pilgrim
I'm fucking girls I really shouldn't be fucking with
But if we get caught, we just hand it off to our publicists
Plus, I hang with some of their ex-boyfriends
What can I say? I make bad choices
Culdesac dropped, day one, five figures
Fish fry, nigga, fry mine bigger
Still unsigned, fans saying "What's the hold out
When every show you've ever done's been sold out?"
I always wondered what this Hollywood would do to me
"Who's that rapping—Yo, it's Troy from Community!"
"Fuck that man, dude, you lying like a muh'fuck!
Besides, the beat's real good, but the lyrics suck."
Well I made the beat too, yeah, soak it in
I'm a phenom, nigga, where the fuck you been?
People say that I should be more humble
And I hope they understand that they don't listen when you mumble
And it only takes a lie to make a dynasty crumble
That why I catch feelings and these other dudes fumble
I'm not playing, this music's something that I care about
I take your shit to the streets, watch me air it out
Get the check, deposit the shit at Maxfield
Feeling myself, I don't even need an ex-pill
"I wish he'd do a funny rap, like SNL did."
If I don't take myself serious, who the fuck else will?
And to the critics with reviews that were more than sour
Is it strange having jobs I can do tomorrow?
You bitches don't like shit, and it's kinda sad
I like food, sex, clothes, watching Breaking Bad
I’m something that these cool kids never really had
That's why these nerdy kids come find me on the internet
I wanna be different, I wanna do it good
Not another actor-turn-rapper in movies 'bout the hood
Niggas say they want the real, but get mad when they hear the truth
Please forgive them, father, for they're not knowing what they do
I make this music so these younger dudes don't have to choose
Trying to hate me means you really hate you

[Hook]
Life goes fast and I'm holding on tight
I let things go when I'm holding this mic
And it's six in the morn', I've been writing all night
If I keep on going, I'm hoping I might be
Untouchable, untouchable, untouchable

[Verse 2]
My dad called saying, "Son, are you okay?
I just listened to ‘The Last’ on your mixtape."
Dad, I'm fine, you just need to understand
When I'm rapping on a track, that's exactly who I am
And all my smart friends saying, "I really liked your album, dude
But you could be the next Mos Def if you wanted to."
Dear friends, I respect your responses
But my life is a dream, so I rap unconscious
I'm sorry guys, I hope I didn't let you down
I rap what I know, I hope the fans will work it out
Not conceited, but sick of trying to lay low
No drugs, I'm just tryna tell 'Ye "yo.”
Online dudes shouting out that they better than me
I'm doing three other jobs, bitch, you better be
Cause if you're trying really hard, that's embarrassing
I won't stop until I'm fucking running everything
The more I rap, the more I'm harder to follow
I get a text from Questlove, I gotta call ‘em tomorrow
Coming harder than other dudes, it's harder to swallow
That I'm blowing up; 13 Mission: Apollo
Fuck niggas who doubted me, eat your words, it's a feast
I used to hear "Nah's" all the time like Kelis
Fuck the old Donald Glover, yeah, I'm glad he's deceased
Cause that sad weak being's been replaced with a beast

[Hook]
Life goes fast and I'm holding on tight
I let things go when I'm holding this mic
And it's six in the morn', I've been writing all night
If I keep on going, I'm hoping I might be
Untouchable, untouchable, untouchable

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
My mama told me never ever trust one, bust one and break ‘em
Be about your paper nigga take it
Everyday’s a hustle, got these haters at my neck
Suckers tryna get a check
Boss dogg does it, hoes wanna call it what it wasn’t
Tryna kiss a nigga all in public, bitch, is you crazy?
I preach pimping not pussy, shit I heard it all before
I ain’t no motherfuckin rookie
I’m a long beach, grown twenty? playa ’bout his g’s
I ain’t tripping off these walls
You know these rats is after cheese
Messing with my focus, the locust on his grind
They be focus on this dick and keep your focus off my time
Stay in the lane that I made for you to chill
Until then it’s been real, I gotta handle business
And you I know we’re in it, see tripping gets you nowhere
Cause bitch i’m on that

[Hook]
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch all on me
Trippin’ and calling my phone, always lying
I don’t need no bitch, bitch constantly checking on me
Bitch don’t even try it
I’m out here grinding, thats why
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch…

[Verse 2: Devin the Dude]
We used to rock to the rhythm that didn’t stop
Now you telling me I need to be getting out and go find me a bitch
Cause it’s over and through
But why do I need a bitch when I got you
I don’t mean it like it sounds, but we used to be a team
Yo, we used to have a dream yo, we used to put our things together
Now it’s dividing, hiding, bottled up negative feelings inside
These bitches, they come a dime a dozen
Fuck one that once sucked my dick and find another (bitches)
I don’t need ‘em, don’t buy ‘em nothing to drink, I don’t feed them (bitches)
Never mind them, I stay in front, I used to chase behind them(bitches)
No, I don’t wine and dine them

[Hook]
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch all on me
Trippin’ and calling my phone, always lying
I don’t need no bitch, bitch constantly checking on me
Bitch don’t even try it
I’m out here grinding, thats why
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch…

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Hell no, I don’t need one
And all that talking and fussing bitch you can miss me
I put these size twelves down on a 10 speed
Before I let a bitch get the best of me
(I don’t need no bitch bitch bitch)
The recipe for danger, phone checking, the recipe for anger
I’m from a gang but I don’t wanna bang ya
And I can tell how you tell all your friends about my Benz and my ears? bitch
Really I’m the perfect stranger, which turned you to the perfect stalker
Body like miss parker, maybe get little darker
But I’ma have to pass on that ass you was too much in the first place
Never understood when it was work day
And then she all up on your boy in the worst way
You need to detox, bitch see Dr. Dre
Cause crazy ain’t gonna get it, and tripping get you nowhere
Cause bitch I’m on that, bitch I’m on that

[Hook]
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch all on me
Trippin’ and calling my phone, always lying
I don’t need no bitch, bitch constantly checking on me
Bitch don’t even try it
I’m out here grinding, thats why
I don’t need no bitch, bitch, bitch…

[Outro]
You need to quit talking crazy
I don’t need no bitch
You need to quit talking crazy

[Produced by Tae Beast]

[Intro]
Ali, you thirsty on Twitter!
You boo-boo, you T'd
You turned down, you thirsty
You boo-boo!

[Verse 1]
Uh, I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna find myself, I'm searching deep for Kendrick Lamar
I read about Napoleon Hill and try to know God
They say he the key to my blessings, and if I speak the good
Into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock
Money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock
And by the way I'ma start, finding more light to shed
Like a small garage in your backyard
I'm back chilling with a friend of mine, she mighty fine
But I notice that her heart resides next to bitterness
Always hollering who she don't like and who she kick it with
Who she wanna fight, who wearing a weave
Who Dooney and Bourke bag is fake, who holding the keys
To the car she drove last year or who fucking on who
And who need a pap smear, getting on my nerves
But before your negative energy curve, bitch I'ma cut you off

[Chorus 1]
'Cause every time you come around
You be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up... hoe
Every time you come around
You be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say...

[Verse 2]
Uh, I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna surround myself with people that inspire me
Or at least inquire similar desires
To do what it T-A-K-E just to reach the T-O-P
I'm talking ideas, motivation
It's more than making, enemies, my nigga
Oh, that's not ya memo? Then tell me why you constant stressing
On how you well connected like centipedes, my nigga
I function with you and you flaunt your pistol
Every second tell me how you pressed 'em at the Monte Cristo
Where so and so from, and what neighborhoods beefing
Who baby momma's a rat, and who got killed last weekend
That shit is mad depressing, bringing me down
Speak on somethin' with some substance that can get us both paid
Rather than telling me how these niggas jocking your style
Or his rims ain't bigger, pussy nigga, I'ma cut you off

[Chorus 2]
'Cause every time you come around
You be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up... scary ass
Every time you come around
You be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say

[Verse 3]
Uh, I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna better my chances of becoming a star
I'm tryna feel the vibe of Mona Lisa
Studying art... now paint that picture
Life behind bars, remember the very day I got caught?
I murdered a rapper, and you filed the police report?
See what I was taught, family is all I need
But indeed them too can run me right up a tree
Constantly talking shit 'bout the next relative
Wanting me to take sides, but I'd never give in
Ever since grandma died, everyone parted ways
Argue on holidays, left my uncle in prison
For 15 years, no one paid him attention but moms
Yeah, my momma as loyal as any sister would come
Come to my house just to yap about your own people
Dang, and if your blood wasn't running through my veins
I would prolly cut y'all off too, yep

[Chorus 3]
'Cause everytime y'all come around
Y'all be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say, oh my God, shut the fuck up
Keep it running, Ali
Every time you come around
You be hollering that whoop-de-whoop, blah-zay-blah
He say, she say

[Outro]
So tell 'em, "Shut the fuck up!"
Tell 'em, "Shut the fuck up!"
Yeah, bitch, you boo-boo, you T'd
You turnt down, you thirsty
Tell 'em "Shut the fuck up!"
Tell 'em "Shut the fuck up!"
Yeah, nigga, you boo-boo, you T'd
You turnt down, you thirsty
You thirsty, you boo-boo
You T, you turnt down
You boo-boo, you T'd
You boo-boo, you turnt down
You thirsty, you T'd
You boo-boo, you turnt down
You boo-boo, you T'd
You turnt down, you weak
You weak, yo’ bitch weak
Yo- (laughs)
You boo-boo, you T (laughs)
Keep all that

[Interlude]
What is HiiiPoWeR?
HiiiPoWeR is the way we think, the way we live
See it’s known today that the human race is nothing
No morals, no standards
What we’re about to do is raise the level of expectations
No, you don’t have to have a lot of money
You don’t have to be rich
But you will be rich in mind and spirit
Some say it’s as big as a crew, some say it’s as big as a gang
HiiiPoWeR, we stand for it as if it’s as big as a religion

[Intro]
Yeah
Yeaah
Tahaha
You niggas know its the gang or kill yourself, right?
Yeaah
Yup

[Verse 1]
Red hat black chucks black 501's on
That's your baby momma but her numbers in my iPhone
Yea I got a girl but I swear I need a newer bitch
Let her out the house and I'll be leaving here with your bitch
I'm flyin' in a different city every night
Got everything I ever wanted so this can't be life
Breaking down the weed I'm 'bout to make a plane
A hundred niggas with me all reppin' Taylor Gang

[Break]
Yeaaahahhhh bitch
Okaaayyyy
Yeaah
Yup

[Verse 2]
Lot of niggas fake but me I give these hoes faith
Feed her alcohol and leave that bitch with no taste
Out of this world need my own space
Back seat and I'm a ride until the chrome break
Big heat will turn your body to a cold case
She don't even make it rain she just throw me face
Got some niggas quick to bang like they Major Payne
Told Lil' mom I rep the gang she just say the same
Yeaaaaahhhhh bitch

[Chorus]
If you see em point em out
If you see em point em out
There's a bad bitch in here
And you see her point her out
There's a bad bitch in here
And you see her point her out

[Verse 3]
Yeeeaaahh yupp
You show up to concerts looking like a fan
I pull up in car service looking like the man
Hella reefer smoke a lot of pictures being taken
My bitch from Atlanta my weed is Jamaican
I don't talk much too many niggas hatin
Buy the boutique that's my type of conversation
I dropped a little change on these hater frames
Took her car keys and let her play Dwayne
Lil bitch, now go on and pick that money up
Not cus I said so, cus you want to

[Intro]
Fuck hoes everywhere we go
Taylor Gang, paper planes
Uh, they loving what I say
Tell her keep count
What you other niggas speak 'bout

[Verse 1]
Lamborghini dreams
Beach house wishes
Pour bottles of champagne
For my beach house bitches
It ain't new to me
That money, boy, I been 'bout
Throwing hundreds on the floor
I tell her keep count
Nigga
They in love with what I say
'Cause I
Really live the life you other niggas speak 'bout
Got my cameraman
He down to do a movie for me
Couple niggas 'round
That's down to do the shooting for me
I'm still riding with my main bitch
She rolling a joint
Something old school playing
She love me
We fucking
We in the fly-free zone
When some niggas will captain-save-it
I let her shop 'til she drop dead
Sleeping in her crib
Wake up to decent pot plant
Jordan shorts and a pair of Polo socks, blazing
With your bitch
You wanna lift, smoke this

[Hook]
I'm glad to be here, I been waiting
So long...
I finally found me a cloud to
Float on...
And I'mma float on...
And I don't have much
But I take all I got
And that's what I give
What I get in return
Is the money I earn
And the life I live
I'm so gone
As I burn after rolling
And float on...

[Verse 2]
Don't talk numbers
I hire people to speak for me
If you love her
Then hide your bitch so you keep shorty
Ever fly private?
So much diamonds in my chain
Hella sky mileage
I fell asleep on a plane
And never woke up
And now I'm living a dream
Suckas hate hard
Hoes treat me like I'm a king
They wanna live comfortably
Sipping on champagne
Real niggas fuck with me
So drama is not a thang
I gave my momma the old shit
Told her anything that come through the door
To open the whole clip
I'm with your bitch smoking
Let her keep the mid, I'mma roll this potent
Hotel so close to the water
You can even hear the ocean
Them bitches can't breathe
Beware them niggas with tattoo sleeves
Plus weed
(Gang)

[Hook]
I'm glad to be here, I been waiting
So long...
I finally found me a cloud to
Float on...
And I'mma float on...
And I don't have much
But I take all I got
And that's what I give
What I get in return
Is the money I earn
And the life I live
I'm so gone
As I burn after rolling
And float on...

[Verse 3]
Wanna smoke 'cause they know that I keep flavors
Tell me how them other niggas lame
And she love the cool crowd, so she fucking with the Taylors
Wear All-Stars and smoke papers
IPhone with no ringtones
Vibrate or on plane mode
Palm trees, and bomb pre-rolled
The weed burning, but the money just fold
While I'm looking at you niggas face
Light another L, and pull the liquor out the case
Niggas try and fail, see me, now they wanna hate
Fly another plane, a different city, 'nother state
My cash change the forecast
As a teen was half-baked before class
Now I smoke joints with others niggas' hoes
And this shit you burn after you roll
Fool

[Hook]
I'm glad to be here, I been waiting
So long...
I finally found me a cloud to
Float on...
And I'mma float on...
And I don't have much
But I take all I got
And that's what I give
What I get in return
Is the money I earn
And the life I live
I'm so gone
As I burn after rolling
And float on...
Good evening ladies and gentlemen
{*scratched*: "Let's describe a certain female"}

[Hook: Snoop]
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy

[Snoop Dogg]
It all goes back, to '85
When I start gettin pussy every day of my life
It really didn't matter what the bitch look like
I remember one night, after the Sugar Ray fight
Wouldn't you believe it, Dogg like a retriever
I went up in this big fat bitch named Treva
She had a best friend with titties named Vanessa
She told me to undress her, yessir
Ain't no pressure, later that semester
She put me down with her homegirl name Tanisha
She was so vicious, lips so luscious
Suck a nigga dick and have it shinin like some dishes
Patricia, Patricia, she love the way I stick her
I take her to the movies and now, she eat the dick up
Big bucks, no whammies
I had to meet this white bitch, her name was Tammy
She lived in the Valley, she couldn't understand me
But she let me dig out, her homegirl named Brandi
Now Brandi was a cute little thick bitch
She moved to the hood from the 2-0-6
She brought some new tricks, flippin them squirrels
And the pearls, and turnin out the neighborhood little girls
Hmm, and I seen that, so I peep the game
So I put her down, bottom bitch on my team
And we began makin, breakin bitches takin
Whatever we want, see she want with the fakin
It's real in the field, no mistakin
And crack the little bitch, yeah she Jamaican
Time and time again she would bring me bud
And let me beat it up, listenin to "One Love"
Off some jerk chicken, I got mo' bitches
Now I'm fuckin her sister it's gettin real suspicious
But the dick is good, so they won't tell
And now they next door neighbor, Clarissa Bell
She been lookin at me, I think she wanna hit
But I'mma holla back, cause I'm on another bitch
I'm on some other shit, I got a phone call
From the motherfuckin president y'all
He said, "Snoop Dogg, how could I fuck a bitch
And make her suck a dick and not get caught for the fuck of it?"
I called and look here, this what you do
Make the First Lady sell a little pussy for you
I think he got it, cause he left fast
He left his daughters, and a lot of cash
Well what do ya know, D-O-double-G
Major pimpin, out in D.C
And I'm a young pimp, got a lot of growin left
And you's a young ho with a lot of hoein left
Always keep a ho in check, blowin us a train wreck
Yeah I might have to go in depth
See every little ho I met
They're standouts, you know the ones like Yvette
We fucked in the car, behind a bar
I shot it in her face and it went "Ahhh"
My homeboy Charles
Went up in his sister, behind the garage
I was menace, I was freaky, I was sick
When y'all was tryin to hump, I was teachin them to suck dick
Always tryin to go up in a ho
Got caught tryin to fuck in school they asked me what I did it fo'
You know just what I told her?
I love pussy, and this dick is what I showed her
And now they threw me out, now I'm at the pad
I'm at a new school, way cool
New hoes, new script, fresh fish
Walk up in the room and I bust a new bitch
I'm in some new tail, wanna holla back
But for now let me holla back Impala black
She's a 12th grader, in my science class
And I done seen the pussy, yeah boy I'm movin fast
See I was taught by, and I was taught I
Better move on somethin fast if I thought I
Could claim a dame, or game her brain
Or tame a man, not with the same old game
See on some different stuff, I'm a different cut
It's what I say and do to make the bitch give it up
Oh you wanna brag? I wanna brag too
Now what you gon' do, when they ask you
Is you gon' tell a lie, or you gon' keep it G
Or you gon' hold it all inside or you gon' tell on me?
Shit it's all cool, cause it was all good
It's just another day in Doggy Dogg's neighborhood
You better watch your girl, cause if she on the loose
It's a 90 percent chance she gon' get pimp juice
Now what it do, what it is
Now you livin with that ho and y'all got fo' kids
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
Bitches will be bitches as I smash in the Chevy
It's gettin, it's gettin kind of heavy
{*fades out*}

[Chorus]
I don’t wanna be alone, I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone, I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone
‘Cause you know, somewhere inside, I cannot find
The feeling I got from you
No, somewhere inside, I cannot find
The feeling I got from you, oh

[Verse 1]
Hard for a Pitchfork, soft for a Roc-a-Fella
Music was my side chick, but now we’re moving in together
Always felt misunderstood, I guess I have to tolerate
My swag Jehovah Witness, dude, it never take a holiday
APC jeans, brown leather jacket on
Kitsuné cable knit, cardigan from Rag & Bone
Thick Filipino chick, homemade bracelet
Her booty make her just a rapper, she ain’t gotta say shit
I’m someone they admire
Set the game ablaze, I’m an arcade fire
Laughed at my rise like my motion was funny
Yes, ashy to classy, my lotion is money
The ride is easy when the dollar’s there to grease the wheels
Now everybody tell me what to do and how to feel
It seems the more I try to connect with the world
I am feeling more alone than I ever have felt before
I wanna pick up the phone, ask my dad how to handle it
But what will happen when my dad’s not there to answer it?
I try to clear my mind of thoughts that only slow me down
Like when these niggas called me "faggot" and we homies now
But we are not homies, I just keep you around
‘Cause all your talkin’ is the noise I need to kill the sound
Of all these voices tellin’ me no one can help me out
We are alone, I’m just the only one to figure out

[Chorus]
I don’t wanna be alone, I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone, I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone

[Post-Chorus]
‘Cause ya know, somewhere inside, I cannot find
The feeling I got from you
No, somewhere inside, I cannot find
The feeling I got from you, oh

[Verse 2]
"You are the bestest, I will obey you"
These words I wrote for you when you were fuckin’ other dudes
The only thing I need from you now is some solitude
Actions over words, "girls will be girls," that’s all it proves
I used to be this guy sittin’ with an open heart
Now my computer screen’s the only place I feel a spark
I don’t fuck with fake bitches
Except for when I fuck with fake bitches
Canon 5D to take pictures
Of these girls who wouldn’t talk to me a year ago
49er chick askin’ for money, she get zero, though
Here I go again, talkin’ money, women and clothes and cars, right?
You could switch all of my words out with Plies’, right?
People sayin’ we’re the same, please, come from under me
We are just some rappers, got no luxury of subtlety
No subjects when we’re rappin’, we say it like we hear it
I put it on a track and I hope you get the spirit ‘cause

[Chorus]
I don’t wanna be alone, I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone, I don’t wanna be alone
I don’t wanna be alone

[Post-Chorus]
‘Cause ya know, somewhere inside, I cannot find
The feeling I got from you
No, somewhere inside, I cannot find
The feeling I got from you

[Intro: Pharrell Williams]
Dirty dog, I'm a dirty dog
I'm a dirty dog, I'm a dirty dog
Dirty dog, I'm a dirty dog
Dirty dog

[Verse 1: Pharrell Williams]
I'm an outlaw (I'm an outlaw)
Quick on the draw (Quick on the draw)
Somethin' you've never seen before (You've never seen)
And I dare a motherfucker to come in my face
I got something chrome (I got something chrome)
And I got it from home (And I got it from home)
And it ain't a microphone (Ain't a microphone)
And I dare a motherfucker to come in my face

[Pre-Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
It's so real how I feel
Cause this society, that makes a nigga wanna kill
I'm just straight ill, ridin' my motorcycle down the streets
While politicians is soundin' like strippers to me
They sayin', but I don't wanna hear it

[Chorus: Vita]
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free

[Verse 2: Pharrell Williams]
It's a raw night (It's a raw night)
Who wants to bar fight? (Who wants to bar fight?)
Well come on, alright (Well come on)
And I dare a motherfucker to come in my face
Baseball bats (Baseball bats)
I got something for that (I got something)
It goes bla-ka-ka-kat (You know what that is)
So I dare a motherfucker to come in my face

[Pre-Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
It's so real how I feel
Cause this society, that makes a nigga wanna kill
I'm just straight ill, ridin' my motorcycle down the streets
While the government is soundin' like strippers to me
They keep sayin', but I don't wanna hear it

[Chorus: Vita]
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free

[Verse 3: Lee Harvey]
When you think of Harvey, think of a Harley
Blue denim, spiked wrists and 'Crombie
Slap-screws and tattoos, that's all me
Two blondes, both arms, feelin' like Fonzie
You can find me drunk, whippin' it might crash
Or find me chillin' with crackers who like thrash
Find me in court, smokin' that nice grass
Burnin' the flag, all in the name of white trash
It's Harvey baby, Christ on the arm, I'm gnarly, baby
Fuck with me? Not hardly, baby
And you know the flow ungodly, baby
So let's party, baby
Chicks nickname me Pilot, they get high off my dick
I take 'em to my home, they call it the cockpit
Time for take off, the panties they drop quick
Now that's first class fuckin', ain't that some fly shit?

[Chorus: Vita]
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Ooh, baby, you want me?
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free

[Outro: Vita & Pharrell Williams]
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
Well, you can get this lap dance here for free
They keep sayin', but I don't wanna hear it

[Produced by Knowmore Productions]

In the fourth grade I had a crush on Tia Smith
Sixth grade and this crush is turned to Beatrice
But they don’t like me because I’m too nice
And I’m kinda fat and not the dope type

But I grew out of that and it’s a miracle
Now every girl sees me as marryin’ material
It’s a buyer’s market, I’m Alicia’s target
And every other girl who wanna let me steam their carpet

I love these hipster girls and they feel the same
Now they don’t have to choose when someone asks ‘em Drake or Wayne
And niggas waiting on me, we didn’t have a voice
You used to have to act street and now you’ve got a choice

My momma’s brownie mix, I keep the goodies moist
Of every girl I’m tappin’, this wasn’t supposed to happen
Hard to keep my thoughts straight on every date
Especially when my penis talking SWAT team, cover me, I’m going in
I do not talk, I am just a rapper

Yes, I got a million other girls
You don’t wanna hear that for fear that I fuck a lot
And you don’t wanna get attached cause you’ll like me
I fuck a girl named Keira nightly
Nah, I made her up
‘Cause it sounded dope, I don’t give a fuck
Ride me, giddy up
They can hear us in the hall, Arsenio
Naw, girl, I don’t wanna shoot a video
I do it all day, don’t you watch me on the TV show?
I’m gonna get mines any means necessary
Got Red Bull pulsing through my pulmonary
Least I feel like it, met her at a club
Now we’re making out, and I ain’t spend a dub
I’m gonna try to live it up like TOP FLR
And my girls like gifts so I bought more

All girls 18 and over love this light-skinned Casanova
House pimped out, William Sonoma
Sleep on me, that is a coma

Yeah, nigga, you see what I’m gettin’ at
I’m gettin’ at her, I’m hittin’ that
Her kitty cat purr, how weird is that?
I’m diggin’ that
A nigga not tryin’ to say you don’t make mistakes
I’m trying to fix all the hearts I break
But every time that we talk in my apartment
We’re gonna kiss a little, and then we start shit

“You’re heartless, don’t call again
Don’t email, we can’t be friends
I swear that this is the end”
Then I call her next week and we do it again

My girls, my girls, my girls, my girls
My girls, my girls, my girls, my girls
My girls, my girls, my girls, my girls
My girls, my girls, my girls, my girls

(I don’t mean to seem like I care about material things, like a social status
I just want four walls and adobe slats for my girls
Ow!)

(I don’t mean to seem like I care about material things, like a social status
I just want four walls and adobe slats for my girls
Ow!)

[Chorus: Mike Posner]
Roll the windows up when you get in the car, and I'mma light one up
Hit the gas station go and buy a cigar and a philly blunt
Every time I breathe it's like I'm taking a puff, turn my music high
Roll the windows up, when I smoke and drive

[Verse 1: Big Sean]
All black car (car), three percent tint
I can clearly see out but you can barely see in
The end and on the end, we blowing Indonesia
And I'mma let it hit til I get amnesia
I'm crazy, the haze got me hazy, I'm lazy
Tell Ben that it something about Mary and clearly (what)
I'm so outta here you can say a nigga spacey (damn)
Pocket full of papers so I'm finnin to get some papers (yeah)
Bout to inhale like I'm finnin to see Satan (what)
Bout to exhale like I'm finnin to see my savior
So get the leaves and trees the like it's autumn
Have them windows all rolled up rolled 'em and told 'em man

[Chorus: Mike Posner]
Roll the windows up when you get in the car, and I'mma light one up
Hit the gas station go and buy a cigar and a philly blunt
Every time I breathe it's like I'm taking a puff, turn the music high
Roll the windows up, when I smoke and drive

[Verse 2: Pat Piff]
Yeah, pass the la-la, we hitting high notes
Now just imagine this Mariah, that’s how high I go
My eyes closed I’m fly, nigga levitate
Spent more money on Swishers than you could ever make
Shit bro Quizno's, it's hella baked
But I’m a star, and you just a sub in the game
In the love with the haze, I'm like Method Man
You're all I need, my best songs with Mary J
Once in a blue when there's nothing to do
I'm reasonable doubt I never will quit you
You be gettin junior high, Blowin that boo boo
We smokin Lauren London, I thought you Nu-Nu

[Chorus: Mike Posner]
Roll the windows up when you get in the car, and I'mma light one up
Hit the gas station go and buy a cigar and a philly blunt
Every time I breathe it's like I'm taking a puff, turn the music high
Roll the windows up, when I smoke and drive

[Outro: Mike Posner]
Smoke and...
Smoke and...
Smoke and..
Smoke and...
Driving...
Driving...
Driving...
Driving...
Motherfuck a nigga
Hell yeah I do it bigger
I got eight figures like I’m skatin’ in the winter
Niggas thought that I was kiddin’
These raps are not my sketches
I’m a sick boy, nigga, when I cough I hope you catch it
My germs in your system, now you coughin’ like asthmatic
All of my, I’m tired of it turns into your, wish I had it
I don’t need this money, but I spend it like I wanna
She said this dick is hers, I don’t wanna take it from her

Your dick stay chilly, it’s a cold, rough world
I get superhero pussy, she a PowerPuff Girl
Shit just got real like Pinocchio turds
Yo nigga is Geppetto, I don’t want no instrumentals
Leave the vocals on my shit
Like the song givin’ me head
And your bitch can’t sleep ‘cause she used to my bed
She could have any dick, you just mad she chose-d mine
Schoolin’ all you niggas and my mouth will make it Columbine
I am just a rapper, man, I ain’t got no clothing line
My clothing line has closed the line and let me shop at closing time
Yo boy got stacks like I’m standin’ in a Borders line
Hidin’ from you bitches ‘cause real nigga’s hard to find
Work this shit like overtime
Yeah, my clothes are so designed
Closet look like Bloomingdales, yo closet look like fashion jail
I break you out, I post for bail
This money make me Olsens, you call your bitch, you hearin’ this
Uh uh uh
Yes it’s necessary to be flier than canaries
Stay fresh to death like a mint cemetery
I do not talk, yeah my life a library
Eat her out and leave her cold, make that hole my Ben & Jerry’s
Broke the mold on you bitches, man, I am so unique
You are not a rapper, if you were you’d hardly speak
I am Stone Mountain and I haven’t reached my peak
Fuck her like I’m mad at her then I turn the other cheek
This shit is amazin', check me in my sweater, man
Comme des Garçons, bitch, nobody do it better, man
But I do it better, man
When it comes to pussy girls whisper in my ear
No one else can do this to me
You’s a cutie but you gotta know I’m married to my work
And these niggas ain’t shit so I guess they must be urine
Gotta gift this bitch, like Christmas, bitch
I’ma rap and act, Will Smith this bitch
When rappers start rappin’ over indie shit
Just remember I was first to hit this shit
The difference is I’m different, bitch
How the fuck can these niggas be dick-less pricks
Man, what the fuck you gon’ do
I don’t need to talk to you
I am just a rapper too
Childish Gambino, doper than twenty kilos
Feeling me no Aveeno, pardon me that’s my ego
Nigga, I’m on, my swagga on He-Man
Down for Community, these other niggas Glee fans
You cannot see me you are blind like Venetians
Eyes wide open, nigga stay focused
Batman on these niggas, I am tired of these jokers
And my brain is too expressive and your mind is on the local

Motherfucker, I ain’t playing
Ironic, I am Childish
Addressin’ all you niggas, now you motherfuckers stylish
And get me any indie song, I promise to annihil’ it
My mouth will kill everyone, I guess that bitch A nihilist

Yeah my girls are the wildest, they’re in love with a weirdo
I am so different I am Protégé, my hero
Self-made phenom, green like tree frogs
Save every penny like Inspector Gadget reruns

My name is Donald Glover
Talented motherfucker
Childish is my cover
To hide this shit from my mother
She can’t know how I’m livin’
I’m drinkin’ and fuckin’ women
And she is Jehovah Witness
And don’t believe in all this shit
But I gotta handle business, kick it like soccer
Upper-class Kit-Kat, break ‘em off proper
I am just a rapper, Sick Boy is my clique man
You are not a Sick Boy, you are just a sick man

Take some Dimetapp, yeah these hoes a dime-a-tap
‘Less you get caught by them bitches, better keep your penis wrapped
Then you are just a rapper, the sky is the limit
Don’t put nothing on the game, just put something back in it
Childish Gambino, yeah, I got that swagger
Yeah, a hater mad but it just don’t matter
These girls all know that I got that cheddar
But it on a sandwich and eat it off a platter

My mouth vacationin’, chillin’ on her lawn
It’s amazing how I’m off but I’m on
Lame niggas try to make a move like pawn
I’m the one and only Bambi no fawn

Give me that track, man, leave it to professionals
I am just a rapper, man, talk like a vegetable
Don’t be surprised, my face don’t change
A nigga make waves like a baseball game

I’mma do me so hard I’ll get pregnant
Will I have another me? Nigga, trick question
There’s only one of me like the G in this sentence
G for Gambino, wear a crown like dentures

Thanks to the fans, love ya like family
No I don’t remember when my mouth lost its sanity
Nerdy girls, hipster, Frye boots, hoodie
Make me wanna fuck the whole word in a good way
And if I can’t say he is so handsome
Get like me, that’s the sick boy anthem
I am just a rapper, so I’m not speakin’
And I won’t stop like a vampire’s weekend
Sick, sick, sick, sick, sick, sick…

(Is hip-hop hereditary? I don’t know
Oh, the boys move fast, you should take it slow
Well, we all need someone to tell us when to go
A beat-box imaginary in the show
All your shell-toes lined up in a row
All your favorite breaks, your favorite ELO)

[Intro]
If you're waiting for a parade, there ain't none
Sharpen up your spirit of adventure, the fabulous gay way
Hey, what's the big idea? (Yeah!)
I have no ideas, in fact, I'm quite bewildered
Now don't get gay with me
(Gay? Sir, I'm far from gay)
Now listen and keep your shirt on
Grown men in a rubber suit, runnin' around with a young boy
(Homo)

[Verse 1]
Oh shoot, get a load of that fruit
In thigh-high boots, red tighty-whities and blue cat suit
(Holy homos!) Even the rats know it’s tacky
"You ever see me slippin' like that bitch, just smack me"
Posin' Chester, legs open, couldn’t stand worse
All was missin' was a bandana and a man purse
Cryin', dyin', laughin' 'til glands burst
Faster than a speeding glass, bleeding-ass ran first
Fixin' baby hair, messed up wavy curl
Under the cape the back of the S say baby girl
The things some people‘ll do for fame
It’s an herb, it’s a lame, it's, a Goddamn shame
Villain willing when them cold streets call
You can keep your hero and hold the meatballs
Worthy title, lock it with pockets on empty
He work harder than a steam engine like John Henry
Turn dirt to dollars like Don Henley
Ugly and still get hollers like Ron Jeremy
At least monetarily terribly
MC's need therapy, it’s like a fairy spree
Hit him with a kryptonite brick (Kryptonite)
Children come and prick his dead body with a stick
Wrote this lyric from in the bed with a chick
She had the tightest grip around the head of my

[Interlude]
How much money you got?
I ain't got but four dollars on me
Damn
Anyway I don't got this whole (censored) for ya
Shit, you must be some kind of faggot man
My partner a faggot, why don't you come on out here man?
Man, what the hell?

[Verse 2]
...Bic, now can I get my pen back
Got no enemy, got no friend, black
With the Green Goblin got the Batcave robbed
Bust in Batman’s head bobbin’, slobbin’ Robin’s knob
Y'all already got your belts on the floor so
Kick them shits over here and click off the porno
Alfred come home, and found them both naked
Handcuffed to each other just as he had suspected
Red and chrome Batmobile, wheelin‘ and dealin’
Aquaman's sleepin' with the fishes for real for squealin’
Psst! The lo-lo on a seal skin blazer
It’s just a little graze from a razor-thin laser
Amazed at all these so-called wannabe players
Showin' off they titballs to all the free-gayers
It’s like a leotard fest
How it got started is any retard's guess
Regardless, that’s they choice, no hate debate
Becomes a problem when they try an attempt to go straight
And raise the monster rate in the whole population
It’s starting to affect the super pimpin' occupation
Now who’s the hater? Headline the newspaper
Fate of a fake you out caped crusader
Tied to the tracks, make a damn tram derail
Rap is like scam spam Nigerian e-mail
The man with no beard is more weirder than a she-male
Sucker got bagged on a Temazepam street sale
Told 'em one of ours set it up, yeah doubt
Did it like the dirty drawls, wet ‘em up and air it out

[Outro]
You got any money? (What?)
Listen, you got any money?
Man you goin' crazy? What the hell for?
Four dollars only, damn
Batman's gay (batty boys)

[Refrain]
Hey, it dawned on me and
I see the big picture, I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
To do it big, I gotta keep 'em out my business, I know
Because these niggas like to gossip like the bitches I know
I finally get it now, I see the big picture I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
I run this city, wish they was in my position I know
These niggas softer than the pussies than the bitches I know
I know, I know

[Verse 1]
Aye, what it is big dog, I know I'm the shit cause
I bounce back, totally recover from a pit fall
Don't make you a fighter just because you got your fist fold
It's get right and get paid or good night and get lost
Bitches talk big shit, even when my dick soft
Everyday my birthday, they just wanna get they licks off
Rocket ship lift off, come sit on my launch pad
G5, mile high, group sex, jet lag
Bullion, checks, cash, millions, just stashed
Even if you hate me, surely you respect that
Yeah, you're now rockin' with the best dad
Chicks see me and be like, look at T.I. with his sexy ass
Wishin' they could take a ride on my mustache
Or maybe see the inside of my plush pad
But I must pass, I know what you on homie
Up late one night, early mornin' and

[Refrain]
Hey, it dawned on me and
I see the big picture, I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
To do it big, I gotta keep 'em out my business, I know
Because these niggas like to gossip like the bitches I know
I finally get it now, I see the big picture I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
I run this city, wish they was in my position I know
These niggas softer than the pussies than the bitches I know
I know, I know

[Verse 2]
Aye, all my motherfuckin' life, I'm so motherfuckin' tight
They say he think he the shit, I say you motherfuckin right
Teach a motherfuckin' dyke to learn to love suckin' pipe
Buses, cars, trucks and bikes in my yard, up the price
Of my performance, now I'm goin for a half a mil' a night
Quarter million just to party, if you gossip, get it right
Niggas shiest but I know somethin' if I put in a nigga life
It's gonna begin a nigga trip to God and end a nigga life
Man I keep it one hundred, a thousand to be precise
If you 'round me frontin', go find a mountain and take a hike
Yeah I know you set your sights on me, tryin' to get stripes homie
Look smaller but feel bigger in real life, don't he
I'm all that and more, ain't nothin about the hype phony
I'm sharin life moments, can't nobody write for me
You a one trick pony, I'm quadruple threat homie
Up late four in the morning and

[Refrain]
Hey, it dawned on me and
I see the big picture, I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
To do it big, I gotta keep 'em out my business, I know
Because these niggas like to gossip like the bitches I know
I finally get it now, I see the big picture I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
I run this city, wish they was in my position I know
These niggas softer than the pussies than the bitches I know
I know, I know

[Verse 3]
I'm clearly somethin' special, officially I'm the best who
Did it in my city and even in the U.S, you
Must agree, they can't fuck with me, I'm a beast unless you
Hatin, you ain't gotta be sneezin' for me to bless you
If the records don't hit you, I bet the movie'll get you
If Akoo don't seem to catch your attention, I'm a impress you
With swagger long term, Hollywood bitches to tag along
Groupies just imagine on, they know what I'm braggin' on
I got a message you can pass along, tell a friend
We gettin long paper Jay, we made it back from Hell again
Been knockin' on Heaven's door, residin' there forever more
Promoters, this worth every cent, you couldn't buy a better tour
And you are forced to admire the Messiah
Expressin' your desire, you're just preachin' to the choir
The nation has inquired to hear your majesty, sire
I'm flyin' high up one mornin' and

[Refrain]
Hey, it dawned on me and
I see the big picture, I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
To do it big, I gotta keep 'em out my business, I know
Because these niggas like to gossip like the bitches I know
I finally get it now, I see the big picture I know
On everythin' I love, I'm the shit and I know
I run this city, wish they was in my position I know
These niggas softer than the pussies than the bitches I know
I know, I know

[Verse]
Uh, momma raised a trooper
They trynna hit me in my head like Koopa
But I move like Super
With the hood on my shoulder like Bazookas, early
I'm waking up the roosters
Until they late, and they waking up the future
And send me to the great wise ......
In a suit or, something looser
You see, I grew up around rootas of the tootas
I rephrase
I mean supporters of the snortas, I retraces
Become recorder of the corner, free base
Or the shooter
I set Madison on fire, like the looters in '92
Cooler, much more mature
You can pick it up off the floor like Hoovers
A newcomer, locin' with 2 numbers
The holidays of the hustlers
I be a Huckleberry Doc Holiday with the peacemaker
F-N-F Upwards
I'm coming
'bout my money shot like West Coast Productions
But I'm Chicago born & raised, formed & made
Company's coming, please inform your maids
First and!!! (Gunshot)

[Intro: T-Pain, Caller]
Yo, this is Nappy Boy Radio live
With your boy T-Pain, we love rap music
Listen, uh, we got a caller on line one
Caller, what's your problem?
Hello, I'm on the radio with T-Pain!
How's it going? Yeah
It ain't going good, my girl ain't doing her things she used to do, at all
I got just what you need, brand new Chris Brown, T-Pain (Okay)
You heard it here first, Nappy Boy Radio, we, love, you
What them boys gon' do for me? Aw

[Chorus: T-Pain, Chris Brown]
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss
In her mind she fantasize 'bout getting with me
They hating on me, hating on me
They wanna diss diss, diss this
Because she mine and so fine, thick as can be
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss
In her mind she fantasize 'bout getting with me
They hating on me, hating on me
They wanna diss this, diss this
Because she mine and so fine, thick as can be

[Verse 1: Chris Brown, T-Pain]
I'm a country boy from Tappahannock (Ah-woo)
V.A. is where I reside, so shawty understand it (Ah-woo)
And I know I just turned eighteen and I get a little mannish (Ah-woo)
And you see this bandana hangin'
That means I'm like a bandit, like, like a bandit, bandit (Ah, woo!)

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown, T-Pain]
I got paper, girl (Woo!)
The Lamborghini (Woo!)
With the spider seats (Woo!)
You never seen it (Ah, woo!)
So get it, shawty
We parkin' lot pimpin' in my donk
And I know what you want

[Chorus: T-Pain, Chris Brown]
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss
In her mind she fantasize 'bout getting with me
They hating on me, hating on me
They wanna diss diss, diss this
Because she mine and so fine, thick as can be
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss
In her mind she fantasize 'bout getting with me
They hating on me, hating on me
They wanna diss this, diss this
Because she mine and so fine, woah, thick as can be

[Verse 2: Chris Brown, T-Pain]
I'm the epitome of this demonstration, I got the remedy
You feelin' me, so why is you hatin' on my anatomy?
It's bird-like, yeah, you heard right
Girl, I'm the king, so that means I'm fly (Ah, woo!)

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown, T-Pain]
If you with it, girl (Woo!)
Get it poppin' (Woo!)
Roll with me (Woo!)
Ain't no stoppin' (Ah, woo!)
So get it, shawty
We parkin' lot pimpin' in my donk
And I know what you want

[Chorus: T-Pain, Chris Brown, Both]
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss (Hey)
In her mind she fantasize 'bout (Hey), getting with me
They hating on me, hating on me (Yeah)
They wanna diss diss, diss this
Because she mine and so fine, thick as can be (Thick as can be, yeah)
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss
In her mind she fantasize 'bout getting with me, yeah
They hating on me, hating on me
They wanna diss this, diss this (Hey)
Because she mine and so fine, (Hey), thick as can be

[Verse 3: T-Pain]
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
Shawty, let me holla at you, you so hot, hot, hot, hot
You think I'd be hollerin' if you not, not, not, not?
I'm king of the town, you can take a look around
Teddy Penderazdown is in the spot, spot, spot, spot
Yeah, I got money on me
Yeah, baby girl, no problem
Yeah, you rollin', shawty?
Yeah, let's hit McDonald's (Ha!)
It's TP, and CB
I'm a Nappy Boy, ah-ow-ah-ah-ah-oh-ooh-wee

[Chorus: T-Pain, Chris Brown]
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey (Oh-oh)
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss
In her mind she fantasize 'bout (Oh, woah), getting with me (Woah)
They hating on me, hating on me
They wanna diss diss, diss this
Because she mine and so fine, so fine, thick as can be
Hey, she want that lovey-dovey, lovey-dovey (Girl)
That kiss kiss, kiss kiss (Yeah)
In her mind she fantasize 'bout getting with me, getting with me, shawty
They hating on me, hating on me
They wanna diss this, diss this
T-Pain, Chris Brown
Because she mine and so fine, thick as can be

[Outro: Chris Brown, T-Pain]
Yeah, yeah
We are live back on Nappy Boy Radio (Oh, oh)
This is your boy DJ Pain (Yeah)
I gotta get outta here, man, I just wanna leave with
Told y'all I was gon' do it like this, ha
If you ain't got it by now (Yeah), then you just ain't getting it, yeah
Let's go, Nappy Boy (Ayy) and Pretty Boy (Ayy)
Nappy Boy (Ayy) and Pretty Boy (Ayy)
Boy, I say, Nappy Boy and Pretty Boy
Hit us up, man, (850) 321-8692
Nappy, Nappy, Nappy and Pretty Boy
(804) 698-5430, yeah

[Intro: Trey Songz]
Hey girl, hey girl, hey girl
This goes out to the beautiful girls
Hey girl, hey girl, hey girl
Which one of y'all, which, which one
Which, which one of y'all
Which one of y'all going home with Trigga?

[Verse 1: Trey Songz]
I see you in the club, ooh, shawty
Walking past a nigga looking at me all naughty
Then I said, "Baby, wassup?"
Reach for that hand shake, got a hug
Bottles of the Ace got me with a lil buzz
Up in VIP with all my thug niggas
You leaned over and said you want me
Girl, when the valet pull the Benz up
Off to the crib, shawty, where we gon' end up
Girl, sit back, relax, hold up
Let me turn the radio on

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
Girl, when I get you to the crib
Upstairs to the bed
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, when I pull back them sheets
And you climb on top of me
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
You gon' think I invented sex
You gon' think I invented sex
You gon' think I invented sex

[Verse 2: Trey Songz]
Put the code in the gate, pull up to the driveway
Said she like the way I touch her, listening to Usher
I got a confession
Now we 'bout to sin, but your body is a blessing
Father, forgive me
Girl, can we take it up stairs? My bed's waiting there
All I wanna do is is give you all of me
Won't you give me all of you?
I want your body like right now
You know I live a Magnum lifestyle
Baby, turn the lights down and I'mma turn you on

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
Girl, when I get you to the crib
Upstairs to the bed
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, when I pull back them sheets
And you climb on top of me
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
You gon' think I invented sex
You gon' think I invented sex
'Cause I do it like I think
You gon' think I invented sex

[Verse 3: Drake]
All right
It's a celebration clap, clap, bravo
Lobster and shrimp and a glass of Moscato
For the girl who's a student and the friend who's a model
Finish the whole bottle and we gonna do it big like this
Yeah, and he was just practice
He ain't in your world, you can take him off your atlas
Girl,  you on fire, can I be the one you match with?
I'll give you the credit card and baby you can max this out
Show me where your tats is
Show me where you heads at, maybe I can grasp it
If you ever come up with a question, you should ask it
Caught up on your ex still? I can get you past it
Yeah, and your friends all suggest
What's the chance of this nigga being better than the rest?
Just tell 'em you appreciate the help
But you just got to know for yourself

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
Girl, when I get you to the crib
Upstairs to the bed
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, when I pull back them sheets
And you climb on top of me
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
Girl, you gon' think, girl, you gon' think
You gon' think I invented sex
You gon' think I invented sex
You gon' think I invented sex

[Outro: Trey Songz]
Now who's coming home with me?
Tell me who's coming with me
I wanna know who's coming home with?
Tell me who's coming with me
Is it you? Is it you? Is it you? Is it you?
Is it you? Is it you? Is it you? Is it you?

[Intro: T.I.]
Ay, ay...
It's the King representin once more, ya understand?
When people see me on Bankhead..
Man the folks start pointin, screamin, and wavin, and yellin and...
I'm talkin' bout man, ay look mayne y'know I'm sayin..
I don't wanna roll over no toes in my Rolls, you dig what I'm sayin?
Y'all jump back up, let a pimp pass through, you dig?
Hahahahah!

[Hook:]
Beamers, Bentley’s, double R’s, Ferrari’s
Every time I see you, shawty where ya headin tonight?
(Hey, where ya headin shawty?)
Sellin out arenas, chicks wit asses like Serena
Man, shawty live a hell of a life (I'm tryna tell ya shawty)
It's a hell of a liiiiiiiife man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiiife...
(That's how it is, real talk, true story)
I ain't tellin no liiiiie man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiife...
(That's how it is, real talk, true story)

[Verse One]
Y'know, shawty goin extra hard when they release his passport
Why I need a credit card? What you thank this cash for? (What?!)
Hit the dealership and give 'em every dime he ask for
Just so I can see two-hundred sixty on the dashboard
If shinin 'gainst the law, somebody better get the task force
For me, hoes love me, lemme fuck 'em 'til their ass hoarse
Pimpin' 101, just come and see me take a crash course
You wanna count my money, go to college, need a math course
On a mad dash for a hundred milli runnin
Breakneck speed 'til I see a billi comin
I'm filthy rich and hungry, feel the grumblin in my stomach
I'm still stuntin off the chain, chasin nothin but some money
Put a couple pair of queens like I'm playin gin rummy
No cards, just broads when a nigga dick hard
Flooded offshore Audemars, lookin' like I caught a star
Put it in her wristwatch, ballin like a big shot

[Hook:]

[Verse Two]
Swag on fully, no semi, ho, hand me
Bankrolls, no pennies, drop Rolls (roles), no Emmy's
Street cred, no blemish, credit card, no limit
You went to Bankhead, spot a drop head, I'm in it!
And bendin, a couple corners, hoppin on 20
Wit three or four women givin love like tennis
My boxers where her chin is, giving me the business
While I'm ridin through the city, gag, swallow, no spittin
Livin life, like I just got out of prison Wednesday night
If yo' chick is in my sight, then that chick is gettin right
Ay, I know niggas now with bitches think I'm hittin it and they right
They keep my name up out dey mouth and mind dey business, dey aight
Hey aight, if you hear me say aight, okay, aight?
Cause you know I got dem goons with me and I pay aight
And they would like to see me broke or back to prison see me go
But instead they see me ballin, stuntin, everywhere we go - GO!

[Hook:]

[Interlude:]
Money won't fold, pockets all swoll
Rubberband keep poppin off my bankroll
(I ain't tellin no liiiiie man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiife...)
(That's how it is, real talk, true story)
Brand new car fill my brand new chicks
A hunred bands right quick let's see ya man do this
(I ain't tellin no liiiiie man, shawty live a hell of a liiiiife...)
(That's how it is, real talk, true story)

[Hook:]

[Note: cover of Bob Dylan's "Maggie's Farm" with lyric changes]

I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more
No, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more
Well, I wake up in the morning, fold my hands, and pray for rain
I got a head full of ideas that are drivin' me insane
It's a shame, the way she makes me
Scrub the floor
I ain't gonna work on, nah
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more
Nah, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more
Well, he hands you a nickel, and he hands you a dime
And he asks you with a grin, if you're havin' a good time
Then he fines you every time you slam the door
I ain't gonna work for, nah
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's brother no more

I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more
Well, he puts his cigar out in your face just for kicks
His bedroom window, it is made out of bricks
The National Guard .stands around his door
I ain't gonna work for, nah
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's pa no more
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more
No, I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more
Well, she talks to all the servants about man and God and law
And everybody says she's the brains behind ma
She's sixty-eight but she says she's twenty-four
I ain't gonna work for, nah
I ain't gonna work for Maggie's ma no more

[Guitar riff]

I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more
No, I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more
Well, I try my best to be just like I am
But everybody wants you
To be just like them
They sing while they slave, and I just get bored
I ain't gonna work on, nah
I ain't gonna work on Maggie's Farm no more

[Verse 1]
The mood is set (Huh, huh)
So you already know what's next (Uh-huh, ah)
TV on blast, turn it down, turn it down
Don't want it to clash
With my body screaming out, no (No-oh)
I know you hearin' it (Oh-oh)
You got me moanin' now
I got a secret that I wanna show you, oh
I got a secret, so I'ma drop em to the floor, oh

[Refrain]
And no teasin', you waited long enough
Go deep, I'ma throw it at you, can you catch it?
Don't hold back, you know I like it rough
Know I'm feelin' you, huh
Know you're likin' it, huh
So why you standin' over there with your clothes on?
Baby, strip down for me, go on, take 'em off
Don't worry, baby, I'ma meet you halfway
'Cause I know you wanna see me

[Verse 2]
Almost there (Huh, huh)
So, baby, don't stop what you're doing (Uh-huh, ah)
Softer than a mother, boy, I know you wanna touch
Breathing down my neck, I can tell you wanna (No-oh)
And now you want it like (Oh-oh)
Want you to feel it now
I got a secret that I wanna show you, oh
I got a secret, so I'ma drop em to the floor, oh

[Refrain]
And no teasin', you waited long enough
Go deep, I'ma throw it at you, can you catch it?
Don't hold back, you know I like it rough
Know I'm feelin' you, huh
Know you're likin' it, huh
So why you standin' over there with your clothes on?
Baby, strip down for me, go on, take 'em off
Don't worry, baby, I'ma meet you halfway
'Cause I know you wanna see me

[Chorus]
No heels, no shirt, no skirt, all I'm in is just skin
No jeans, take 'em off, wanna feel your skin
You a beast, oh, you know that I like that skin
Come here, baby, all I wanna see you in is just skin (Oh woah)
Oh, oh, your skin (Oh woah)
Oh, oh, just skin (Oh woah)
Oh, oh, I'm lovin' your skin
Oh, oh

[Bridge]
All in, baby, don't hold nothing back (Oh woah)
Wanna take control, ain't nothing wrong with that (Oh woah)
Say you're likin' how I'm feelin', gotta tell me that
Just put your skin, baby, on my skin

[Chorus]
No heels, no shirt, no skirt, all I'm in is just skin
No jeans, take 'em off, wanna feel your skin
You a beast, oh, you know that I like that skin (You know that I like it, baby)
Come here, baby, all I wanna see you in is just skin
Oh, oh, your skin
Oh, oh, just skin (Oh, oh)
Oh, oh, I'm lovin' your skin
Oh, oh (All I wanna see you in is just)

[Outro]
No heels, no shirt, no skirt, all I'm in is just skin
No jeans, take 'em off, wanna feel your skin
You a beast, oh, you know that I like that skin
Come here, baby, all I wanna see you in is just skin
All I wanna see you in is just skin (Oh, oh, your skin)
All I wanna see you in is just skin, oh (Oh, oh, just skin)
All I wanna see you in (Oh, oh, I'm lovin' your skin)
All I wanna see you in is your skin, oh (Oh, oh)

[Intro: Kanye West]
I got a dirty mind, I got filthy ways
I'm tryna bathe my ape in your Milky Way
I'm a legend, I'm irreverent, I be reverend
I'll be so fa-a-a-a-a-ar up
We don't give a fuh-uh-uck
Welcome to the danger zone
Step into the fantasy
You are not invited to the other side of sanity
They callin' me an alien, a big headed astronaut
Maybe it's because ya boy Yeezy get ass a lot

[Verse 1: Katy Perry]
You're so hypnotizing
Could you be the devil?
Could you be an angel?
Your touch, magnetizing
Feels like I am floating
Leaves my body glowing
They say be afraid
You're not like the others
Futuristic lover
Different DNA
They don't understand you

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You're from a whole 'nother world
A different dimension
You open my eyes
And I'm ready to go, lead me into the light

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
Kiss me, ki-ki-kiss me
Infect me with your lovin'
Fill me with your poison
Take me, ta-ta-take me
Wanna be a victim
Ready for abduction
Boy, you're an alien
Your touch, so foreign
It's supernatural
Extraterrestrial

[Verse 2: Katy Perry]
You're so supersonic
Wanna feel your powers
Stun me with your lasers
Your kiss is cosmic
Every move is magic

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You're from a whole 'nother world
A different dimension
You open my eyes
And I'm ready to go, lead me into the light

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
Kiss me, ki-ki-kiss me
Infect me with your lovin'
Fill me with your poison
Take me, ta-ta-take me
Wanna be a victim
Ready for abduction
Boy, you're an alien
Your touch, so foreign
It's supernatural
Extraterrestrial

[Bridge]
This is transcendental
On another level
Boy, you're my lucky star
I wanna walk on your wavelength
And be there when you vibrate
For you, I'll risk it all, all

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I know a bar out in Mars
Where they driving spaceships instead of cars
Cop a Prada space suit up out the stars
Getting stupid high straight up out the jars
Pockets on Shrek, rockets on deck
Tell me what's next? Alien sex
I'ma disrobe you
Then I'ma probe you
See I abducted you
So I tell you what to do
I tell you what to do, what to do, what to do

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
Kiss me, ki-ki-kiss me
Infect me with your lovin'
Fill me with your poison
Take me, ta-ta-take me
Wanna be a victim
Ready for abduction
Boy, you're an alien
Your touch, so foreign
It's supernatural
Extraterrestrial
Extraterrestrial
Extraterrestrial

[Outro: Katy Perry]
Boy, you're an alien
Your touch, so foreign
It's supernatural
Extraterrestrial

[Chorus: Just Blaze]
Some people ask me where I been lately
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me
They play in the background, I don't back down
So don't get it twisted and try to play me
First I come out, they underrate me
Then I come back, they still try to fade me
They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy
They ask what me I think and I say maybe
I'll fly away (Fly away)
It ain't nuttin' in the way so I may as well
Fly away (Fly away)
And ain't nuttin' else to say so I may as well
Fly away (Fly away)
I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gon'
Die today (Die today)
'Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go
(Yeah, yeah) Yeah
And the only way to see me's if you looking up from down below
(Down below, yeah, yeah) Yeah
There's nuttin' else to say so I may as well
Fly away (Oh)
Yeah, there's nuttin' in my way so I may as well
Fly away
I'm on top of this thing so I may as well fly away
Yeah

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Got my self-esteem back, got my confidence up
I'ma step up on this stage now, I'm gonna strut
And walk around with my pants hangin' off of my butt
And you ain't 'bout to tell me nuttin', boy, get off of my nuts
It goes one for the money, two for the show
My shit don't stink, I don't think so
Wipe my ass with the tissue and roll it back up in the roll
Are you ready now, here we go, the bald eagle has landed
I'm back in your hair, sorry for leavin' you stranded
I'm twice as dreaded, evil and rancid
They can't sit, I don't think anybody understands it
Especially when the world's silly putty in your hands, it's Play-Doh
I ain't back to play, though, they say he died in a fatal
Car crash, shows what they know
Shit if I did, it'd be a trailer not a car
The white trash star, I fuck an RV-up like Brett Favre
Homie, you got it backwards, you're dipping your soup inside your crackers
I can carry rap till my back hurts
Set it down, go right back to the chiropractors
Get my back right then I'm right back on you bastards
I was chasing the dragon, I don't know what happened
It's like the feeling I had when I first started rappin', I just
Couldn't seem to get back and recapture that magic, so I went back
To the lab, that's where I been at, when

[Chorus (Condensed): Just Blaze]
Some people ask me where I been lately
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me
They play in the background, I don't back down
So don't get it twisted and try to play me
First I come out, they underrate me
Then I come back, they still try to fade me
They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy
They ask what me I think and I say maybe
I'll fly away (Fly away)
It ain't nuttin' in the way so I may as well
Fly away (Fly away)
And ain't nuttin' else to say so I may as well
Fly away

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I took a hiatus, haters, now I'm back to cause trouble
Got the fuckin' shape of mushroom clouds for thought bubbles, I'm the *explosion*
You ain't fucking sick, the hospital
Won't even give you cough drops for coughs, cocksucker
You think you hot? You ain't even lukewarm My puke's hotter than you
You're soft, I use fire to cool me off
I told 'em I'd grow up one day and show 'em I'd be able to choke clouds
Pick up lightning bolts and throw 'em
Take the world by storm with these words I form
Georgi-porgi kissed the girls, make the girls cry for it
Make 'em swarm, make 'em fight over the shirts I've worn
Swoon over my sweat towels, it's mind blowin'
Yes, I'm livin' the dream, homie, can't nothing compare
I’m so up, I’m stuck in midair, I’m lovin' it, yeah
It's like these people are steps now, all they do is stare
These haters are so pussy, they afraid to be scared
This is pay back, like I owe 'em back pay
They spat in my face, now I'm back to do them the same exact way
And leave this rap game with a bad taste
And slap it back out before I step back outta this crap, they
Slap me, now I'm slappin' 'em back, hey
Fuck it, we're slap happy, yeah, okay, now I'm talking some smack, ayy
And I ain't looking back, in fact, they can stare at my ass crack
How's that for hind sight? What the track say?

[Chorus: Just Blaze]
Some people ask me where I been lately
They thought I fell off, nobody could save me
They play in the background, I don't back down
So don't get it twisted and try to play me
First I come out, they underrate me
Then I come back, they still try to fade me
They say I'm nasty, say I'm crazy
They ask what me I think and I say maybe
I'll fly away (Fly away)
It ain't nuttin' in the way so I may as well
Fly away (Fly away)
And ain't nuttin' else to say so I may as well
Fly away (Fly away)
I know you wanna see me down but we ain't gon'
Die today (Die today)
'Cause I done been to the top and there's nowhere else to go
(Yeah, yeah) Yeah
And the only way to see me's if you looking up from down below
(Down below, yeah, yeah) Yeah
There's nuttin' else to say so I may as well
Fly away (Oh)
Yeah, there's nuttin' in my way so I may as well
Fly away
I'm on top of this thing so I may as well fly away
Yeah

[Intro]
No matter how hard you try, you can't stop us now
No matter how hard you try, you can't stop us now
We're the renegades of this atomic age
This atomic age of renegades
Renegades of this atomic age
This atomic age of renegades

[Verse 1]
Since the Prehistoric ages and the days of ancient Greece
Right down through the Middle Ages
Planet Earth kept going through changes
And then no renaissance came (Came)
And times continued to change (Change)
Nothing stayed the same, but there were always renegades
Like Chief Sitting Bull, Tom Paine
Dr. Martin Luther King, Malcolm X
They were renegades of their time and age
So many renegades!

[Chorus]
We're the Renegades of funk
We're the Renegades of funk
We're the Renegades of funk
We're the Renegades of funk

[Verse 2]
From a different solar system
Many, many galaxies away
We are the force of another creation
A new musical revelation
And we're on this musical mission, to help the others listen
And groove from land to land, singin' electronic chants like
Zulu Nation

[Bridge]
Revelations
Destroy all nations
Destroy all nations
Destroy all nations
Destroy all nations
Destroy all nations
Destroy all nations

[Verse 3]
Now renegades are the people with their own philosophies
They change the course of history
Everyday people like you and me
We're the renegades, we're the people with our own philosophies
We change the course of history
Everyday people like you and me
Come on

[Chorus]
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk

[Bridge]
With Poppin', sockin', rockin' puttin' a side of hip-hop
Because where we're goin' there ain't no stoppin'
Poppin', sockin', rockin', puttin' a side of hip-hop
Because where we're goin' there ain't no stoppin'
Poppin' and sockin' and rockin' and puttin' a side of hip-hop
'Cause we're poppin', sockin', rockin' puttin' a side of hip-hop
Poppin', sockin', rockin' puttin' a side of HIP-HOP!!

[Chorus]
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk

[Verse 4]
We're teachers of the funk and not of empty popping
We're blessed with the force and the sight of electronics
With the bass, and the treble, the horns, and our vocals
'Cause every time I pop into the beat, we get fresh

[*drum break*]

Come on

[Guitar solo]

Come on

[Verse 5]
There was a time when our music
Was something called "The Bay Street" beat
People would gather from all around
To get down to the big sound
You had to be a renegade in those days
To take a man to the dance floor

[Verse 6]
Say jam sucka (Jam sucka)
Say jam sucka (Jam sucka)
Say groove sucka (Move sucka)
Now groove sucka (Move sucka)
Now dance sucka (Dance sucka)
Now dance sucka (Dance sucka)
Say move sucka (Move sucka)
Now move sucka (Move sucka)
Say jam sucka (Jam sucka)
Say jam sucka (Jam sucka)
Say groove sucka (Move sucka)
Now groove sucka (Move sucka)
Say dance sucka (Dance sucka)
Say dance sucka (Dance sucka)
Say move sucka (Move sucka)
Now move sucka (Move sucka)

[Outro]
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
We're the renegades of funk
What's the time?
It's time to get ill
And what's the time?
It's time to get ill
So what's the time?
It's time to get ill
Now what's the time?
It's time to get ill

I'm not the type of person who likes to waste my time
And when I'm on the mic - I just say my rhymes
And I'm out on bail - the check is in the mail
They can sentence me to life - and I won't go to jail
I'm cool, calm, collected - from class I was ejected
Just me, Mike D., and M.C.A. - we're rarely disrespected
I got all the time that I need to kill
What's the time? - it's time to get ill

You been fully captivated by that funky-ass bass
Your girlfriend screams when MCA's in the place
He stumbles in the room with the Chivas in his hand
Cold chillin' in the spot at the microphone stand
I'd have the pedal to the metal if I had a car
But I'm chiller with the Miller - cold coolin' at the bar
I can drink a quart of Monkey and still stand still
What's the time? - it's time to get ill
Yeah
Look-lookin'-look-look-look-look
Lookin' at my Gucci, it's about that time
Lookin' at my Gucci, it's about that time

Deee...
Went outside my house - I went down to the deli
I spent my last dime to refill my fat belly
I got rhymes galime - I got rhymes galilla
And I got more rhymes than Phyllis Diller
MCA takes a stand - man, you're in command
Homebody, turn it out and don't give a damn
Man my name is MCA - I've got a license to kill
And what's the time? - it's time to get ill

I'm Mr. Ed
The famous Mr. Ed
Riding down the block…uh-ahh...

Riding down the block with my box in my hand
Today I feel like chillin' just as chill as I can
Coolin' on the corner with a forty of OE
'Cause me and MCA we're down with Mike D
Man, when I run a jam - I don't give a damn
When I'm throwing bass - I say, "Thank you, ma'am."
Fuel injected, rhyme connected - running things
Well, I'm the King Ad-Rock and I'm the king of all kings
I'm looking for a spot - things are gettin' hot
I'm MCA, I'm here to stay - and you sir, you are not
Oh no, it could not be - it's such a sight to see
It's such a trip - you're on my tip, so listen to Mike D
My work is my play - because I'm playing when I work
My name's Mike D, as you can see, man, I can do the jerk
MCA, Ad-Rock, Mike D - it's chill
What's the time? - it's time to get ill
Now what's the time?
It's time to get ill
And what's the time?
It's time to get ill
So what's the time?
It's time to get ill
And what's the time?
It's time to get ill...

[Intro: Ester Dean]
Na-na-na, come on
Na-na-na, come on
Na-na-na-na-na, come on
Na-na-na, come on, come on, come on
Na-na-na-na, come on
Na-na-na, come on
Na-na-na-na-na, come on
Na-na-na, come on, come on, come on
Na-na-na-na

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Feels so good being bad (Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
There's no way I'm turning back (Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
Now the pain is my pleasure 'cause nothing could measure
(Oh, oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
Love is great, love is fine (Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
Out the box, outta line (Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
The affliction of the feeling leaves me wanting more
(Oh, oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it
Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it
Sticks and stones may break my bones
But chains and whips excite me
'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it
Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it
Sticks and stones may break my bones
But chains and whips excite me

[Post-Chorus: Rihanna & Ester Dean]
Na-na-na, come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it (Na-na-na)
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Love is great, love is fine (Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
Out the box, outta line (Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
The affliction of the feeling leaves me wanting more
(Oh, oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it
Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it
Sticks and stones may break my bones
But chains and whips excite me

[Post-Chorus: Rihanna & Ester Dean]
Na-na-na, come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it (Na-na-na)
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it

[Refrain: Rihanna]
S-S-S and M-M-M
S-S-S and M-M-M

[Bridge: Rihanna]
Oh, I love the feeling you bring to me
Oh, you turn me on
It's exactly what I've been yearning for
Give it to me strong
And meet me in my boudoir
Make my body say, "Ah-ah-ah"
I like it, like it

[Chorus: Rihanna]
'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it
Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it
Sticks and stones may break my bones
But chains and whips excite me
'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it
Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it
Sticks and stones may break my bones
But chains and whips excite me

[Post-Chorus: Rihanna & Ester Dean]
Na-na-na, come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it (Na-na-na)
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it
Come on, come on, come on
I like it, like it

[Refrain: Rihanna]
S-S-S and M-M-M
S-S-S and M-M-M
S-S-S and M-M-M
S-S-S and M-M-M

[Intro]
This one look like that one
That one match this one
Fuck it
Money, money, money
It's young Khalifa, man
And I got money hoes money and hoes
Sick, money and hoes

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Big money talkin' to you
Mothafucker, that's cause big money brought it to you
I be stuntin while them little niggas sayin nothin
High ceilings high hoes
High prices for my clothes
And I dont even pay for it
Barely know who made the shit
Meet a bitch take a bitch
Straight back to that big crib
Let you roll some rapper weed
Put you on some new shit
Hit this weed I show you how I do this man
My excuse is I'm in Cali so my smoke's highly exclusive
And my bitch bad my moneys through the roof
Your money short you lookin mad, you Danny Bonaduce
Bitch Im jumpin in my coup
I'm rollin something that tastes like fruit
And I hear them niggas talkin shit
But there' nothing that much that they can do
When I got a bitch in your city
You should try when you see her
Never trippin on no hoes
Nigga, what you thought we gettin money over here

[Hook]
I'm ballin hard, my niggas in the same gang
I do it big my niggas do the same thing
I'm throwin signs its lookin like I gang bang
I'm on the team its lookin like I gang bang
I'm rollin up my niggas smoke the same thing
I'm smokin weed my bitch she smoke the same thing
I'm throwin signs its looking like I gang bang
I'm on the team its lookin like I gang bang

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
I tell a bitch bow down
To a mothafuckin g ho
I work hard I drink slow
But I never keep drinks low
Smokey smokey, cause im a chief ho
Sippin on pinot grigio, richie ho greedy ho
Got me everything like I copped me a genie ho
My car look like a building
Diamonds dancin on my wrist
Bitch I'm 10 feet tall, when I'm standin on top of my dick
You a sucka ho sucka ho im success
I feel like a million dollars, bitch im up next
Money in my hand I dont need no handout
And they all got they hands up
Cause they fuck with me hands down (down down down)
And the car I push got more tent than a campground
And my picture is always on your bitch background
Like pada, its just me and Cyhi
Young enough to be your son
But she call me big papa
She gave me her o nana
Then I dissapear like tada
Smokin on that tie-dye
Now who the fuck gon stop us

[Hook]
I'm ballin hard my niggas in the same gang
I do it big my niggas do the same thing
I'm throwin signs its lookin like I gang bang
I'm on the team its lookin like I gang bang
I'm rollin up my niggas smoke the same thing
I'm smokin weed my bitch she smoke the same thing
I'm throwin signs its looking like I gang bang
I'm on the team its lookin like I gang bang

[Outro]
Yeaa thats right nigga
Probably got your bitch in a trance
I do it
Niggas got me laughin that shit funny
And my nigga Wiz got this shit ho

[Intro: T-Pain]
She make me feel so good
Better than I would by myself
Or if was with somebody else
You don't understand she make the people say yeah yeah

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
I can put you in the log cabin
Somewhere in Aspen
Girl ain't nothing to the Pain
Ain't tricking if you got it what you asking for
Put you in the mansion
Somewhere in Wisconsin
Like I said ain't nothing to the Pain
We can change that last name, what's happening
Cause you look so good
Tell me why you wanna work here
I put you on the front page of a King Magazine
But you gon get yourself hurt here

[Pre-Hook: T-Pain]
Baby I brought you in the back just to have a conversation
Really think you need some ventilation
Let's talk about you and me

[Hook: T-Pain]
Oh, I can't believe it
Ooo ooo she all on me, on me
Man man I think she want me, want me
Nah I can't leave her lonely, now
Oh, I can't believe it
Ooo ooo she all on me, on me
Man man I think she want me, want me
Nah I can't leave her lonely, now
And you don't understand she make the people say yeah, yeah, yeah
She hit the main stage she make the people say yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2: T-Pain]
I could put you in the condo
All the way up in Toronto
Baby put you in the fur coat
Riding the Murciélago
I put you in the beach house
Right on the edge of Costa Rica
Put one of em lil' flowers in your hair
Have you looking like a fly mamacita, fuego
Cause you look so good
You make me wanna spend it all on you
Get up out this club
Slide with your boy
We can do what you wanna, yeah

[Pre-Hook: T-Pain]
Baby I brought you in the back cause you need a little persuasion
Plus you need a little ventilation
Let's talk about you and me

[Hook: T-Pain]
Oh, I can't believe it
Ooo ooo she all on me, on me
Man man I think she want me, want me
Nah I can't leave her lonely, now
Oh, I can't believe it
Ooo ooo she all on me, on me
Man man I think she want me, want me
Nah I can't leave her lonely, now
And you don't understand she make the people say yeah, yeah, yeah
She hit the main stage she make the people say yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Now I can put your ass out
Keep running your mouth
And if your brothers come tripping
I'mma show em what these teardrops bout
Shawty I was just playing
Oh but I can take you to the Cayman Islands
Have you screaming and hollering
We gonna be making
Love on the beach
The people see what we doing
Aww, they pointing and ooing
Oh but we gone keep on doing it
Like it's just me and you and no one else around
It went down on the balcony
And I ain't talking no penthouse suite
Shawty like a model out the Penthouse Sheets
That's why I got her on my Penthouse Sheets

[Hook: T-Pain]
Oh, I can't believe it
Ooo ooo she all on me, on me
Man man I think she want me, want me
Nah I can't leave her lonely, naw
Oh, I can't believe it
Ooo ooo she all on me, on me
Man man I think she want me, want me
Nah I can't leave her lonely, naw
And you don't understand she make the people say yeah, yeah, yeah
She hit the main stage she make the people say yeah, yeah, yeah

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Chop, chop chop
Yeah
Chop, chop chop
Drought 3
Chop, chop chop
Hahaha!
Chop, chop chop
Yeah
Scott Storch

[Verse 1 (false start): Lil Wayne]
Bitch, I'm back on my grizzy, Young Money, where you at?
Two tables and a mic, tell the DJ run it back
Bi—Bitch, I'm back on my grizzy, Young Money, where you at?
Two tables and a mic, tell the DJ run it back, bi—bi—bi—bi—

[Break: Lil Wayne]
Chop, chop chop
Hahaha!
Chop, chop chop
You ready now? Cut me up, Drew
Chop, chop chop
Cut the music up, baby
Chop, chop chop
Yeah, I'm going in, haha!
Scott Storch

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Bitch, I'm back on my grizzy, Young Money, where you at?
If you fuck with Young Money, Young Money, where you at?
Like the Energizer Bunny with a battery pack
Boy, that chopper keep drumming, like brr-at-da-dat-dat
Or "Pa-rum-pa-pum-pum," and I'm so young
But I'm a giant, like, "Fe-Fi-Fo-Fum"
Just bought a new crib inside Sodom
Got some money put away in case the hurricane come
I'm a fucking shame, huh? Yeah, I know, yeah, I know
I go out the country to get all my clothes and my hoes
I go out my way just to get my 'dro and my dough
'Cause I love it more than I love my hoes, yes I doh's
I got gasoline coming out my pores, I'm a torch
I got glasses like that white boy Scott Storch, and a Porsche
I got license for the scorch, snipers at your porch
Rifles by the forts, and we shoot up courts
The judge just a bitch, the jury suck dick
I'm a Eastside Blood, and I don't smoke that Crip
I smoke that kush, first name "Bubba"
First name "Young," last name "Stunna"
Carter in the office, take notes when I'm talking
Smooth as a cruise boat, floats when I'm walking
I boast 'cause I'm balling, I'm 'posed to be balling
When I'm on the phone with bitches, man, the money keep calling!
You ain't satisfied 'til your son'll be calling
Telling you where to leave the money in the morning
OK, you want a zombie movie instead
That's when you walk in your house, and everybody dead
Yeah, I could take a shit where I stand—where I stand!
And watch you pussies piss in your pants
You ain't a man, you're a ho, I could kill him with the flow
And then play the guitar at the fucking funeral
Yeah, big guns, so they drinking big shots
And my gang go Saddam Hussein and missile-launch
The Korean call me "Wayne Chang"—now listen, ma
I don't know karate, but after the brain, I'll kick you out
You niggas suck like Tony Romo, no homo
And I'm all about my money, I get paid for promo, yeah!
I'm the man in this bitch
They say money talks; well, I'm the ventriloquist
And if I ever jump, I'll probably land in your bitch
Boy, that ho colder than my hand and my wrist
Boy, I'm more cooler than a fan and a mint
And when I'm done, this track will need a couple bandages
I be with savages, and I'm above average
I'm a crazy-ass star like a fucking asteri'k
You niggas can't see me, I'm on my Casper shit
Running so much game, I fuck around and lap a bitch
The club like a grocery, I just bag a bitch
And you know I'm gon' score like Deion after picks
I'm rollin' on a pill, she get that morning-after dick
And when my roll came down, guess what I did after it?

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I pop-popped, and took some Patrón shots
I pop-popped, and took some Grey Goose shots
I pop-popped
Yeah
Young Money, bitch, and if you niggas wanna do it
We chop-chop, and leave your back on the block
We pop cops, and ain't no rats on my block, I got shop
I got that dro, I got them pills, I got that yay'
Give it to them hoes and watch them bitches freak away

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Hahaha!
Young Money, bitch
Drought 3, in your neck, pussy
Haha! Like a Adam's apple, nigga
Weezy Baby, the God, amen—gone!

[Verse 1]
I like my girls skinny with brains
I like my hoodies fucked with Lame
I like my friends imaginary with no names
And I make music for the fuck of it, no fame
Aim, shoot, the gun of love, round
Tried to find ammo but it's none around town
So I went Down South but I ended up North
Uptown sitting on Cloud 9's white porch
And of course, my car's off course
You're so white, my blinkers don't work
I'm trying to let the force be with you, I get you
Music is my first, but I contemplate divorce (Damn)
You make a nigga sing songs nice
You make a nigga's night turn day
And you make the flowers sing say turn green yellow
It sucks that I didn't get the chance to say hello (Hi)
I want to eat you out like jello
And mess with your body like the bass and the cello
And tell your mom I said hello, you want to go to prom with–? (Nigga, hell no!)
Fuck (Shit!) and another one, there goes another one

[Chorus]
Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)
Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)

[Bridge]
Maybe? (No)
Maybe? (I'm sorry)
Maybe? (I got a date)
Maybe? (Where's your dad?)

[Verse 2]
I like her L-I-K-E, the only difference is she won't fuck with me
But she will fuck with that vegetable with the hairs full of X's and O's
I want to tie her body up and throw her in my basement
Keep her there, so nobody can wonder where her face went

- Tyler, what are you doing?
- Shut the fuck up!
- Uh-umm...
- Shut the fuck- You gon'- You gon' fuckin' love me bitch
- Uhh..
- Or I'mma fuckin' put this gun in your fuckin' head
But all I really want is a kiss on the cheek
In private, not public in the streets
And your cupcake I would eat and your toes
Cause I got a big fetish with the feet
I just want somebody I can see
You can be a gold digger, you ain't got to love me
I'm serious (I love you) I don't ask for much
Your heart literally is what I do want for lunch (Help me!)
Now this shit is turning to a habit
I'm the burger king, I gotta have it my way
And truthfully girl you really make my day
I would probably kill myself if you told me you was gay
And I can't even look the other way
Your aura is a magnet, my eyes a metal bag, it's attractive
L-O-L laughing, you're a gold Oscar and I'm just actin'
And I want your cinema hole, and have our kids play supporting role
Climbing up the pole, Jack and the Beanstalk, bitch it's gold
And I was in loath, I would never get over you (Help me! Help me!), ever, Sarah

[Chorus]
Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)
(Maybe) Another love song about shit
And I'll be rich if I get another diss
Well maybe Cupid won't miss (Blaow!)

[Skit]
You're my lady, you taste so good (Oh no!)
You're my lady, be my lady (Oh no!)
You'll be with me forever (Oh no, blaow!)
I love you, so much (Oh no!)

[Verse 3]
Half your body laying on my chest
The rest is in my stomach, that's including your breast
And I'ma just take another guess
Now you probably wishing that you would have said yes
Am I crazy? Maybe
But fucked up is how I been lately
Shit, I don't give a fuck
Your family looking for you, wish 'em good luck
Bitch, you tried to play me like a dummy
Now you stuck up in my mothafuckin' basement all bloody
And I'm fucking your dead body, your coochie all cummy
Looking in your dead eyes, what the fuck you want from me?
What did you want from me?
What did you want from me?

[Outro]
(Police!)
I gave you everything
(Police!)
But, I guess I wasn't the one
(This is the police! Open the door!)
I don't know, I don't know
(Open the goddamn door! We have you surrounded, motherfucker!)
(Open up or we'll barge right in!)
Fuck it! *gun click*
*gunshot* Blaow!
Hello, yeah I'm the studio right now
Oh, you trying to come through?
(yeah, I wanna give you some studio loving)
Alright well umm... I'm a finish up this last lil joint
And I'm a umm...i'm a give you a call. I'm a text you or sum
Yeah, nah don't bother putting that on

[Verse 1]

Girl Let Me Take You To My Studio
Give You Everything You Want And Need
Lay You Flat Like A Piano
If You Let Me Stroke Your Keys
You Going Be Saying Things You Never Said
Matter Fact You Going Be Playing Melodies You Never Play
We Ain't' In No Bed
We In The Lab
And Im Reclining In My Seat
You Can Just Climb On Top Of Me And Ride Me Like This Beat
You Say You Need This (Loving)
Well I'mma Grab Your Wasteline
And If You Like It Deep
I Could Hit You With That Bassline
I Ain't' Tryin To Waste Time
For Me And Your Sake
Plus Im Payin For This Session
I Need More Than One Take
I Make The Boards Shake Like How Im Suppose To
I'll Have You Sounding Good
Lil Ma, I Got Them Pro Tools
Now You In The Mood
I Got You Doing This And Tryin That
Beating Your Drum
While Im Playing With Your High Hat
You Like That
Soo You Dont Want To, I Just Make You Do It
Got You In Love, Cuz When We Fuck Its Like We Making Music, Go n' Lose It
(Chorus)

I don't want to be unusual
But there's a lot of things that I can see me doing to you
Here in my studio oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, ohhh yeahhh
You say you gotta work tomorrow, you can make it though
And even though there's probably other places we can go
We in my studio,, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, ohhhh yeeah

[Verse 2]
And No It Ain't Gon Stop
I Keep This Song On Replay
Putting All Them Scratches On My Back
I'm Like Go DJ
Be My Guitar
I'll Pluck Your G-String
Pull It To The Side
I'mma Make Them Vocals Drop
I'm Gripping On Your Thighs
We Tangled Like Some Cables
From The Front look In Your Eyes
Then I Turn You Like Some tables
No You Fiending For This (Loving)
That's What You Gon Get
And I Can't Sing,But I See You
And Know Im Gonn Hit, Yeahh
Lets Do The Verses Now
Worry About The Beat Later
Heard You Be Going Off That Head
You Don't Need Paper
Play You An E-Major, A-Minor
Girl Your Rhythm Straight
And I Say You Got Great Timing
Feel Your Heart Rate Climbing
Like When My Speakers Quake
More Than okay or Straight
You Got That Eight Oh Eight
You Say You Can't
But I Do Something That Just Make You Do It
Me And You Dont Fuck
We Make Music, Yeahh
(Chorus)
I don't want to be unusual
But there's a lot of things that I can see me doing to you
Up in my studio oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, ohhh yeahhhh
You say you gotta work tomorrow, you can make it though
And even thought there's probably other places we can go
We in my studio, oh oh, oh oh, oh oh, ohhh yeeaahh

[Outro]

So shorty tell me what you think about it, think about it
Me and you can make a album, let's make a album
Shorty we can make a album, let's make a album
Darling we can make a album, let's make a album
Shorty what you think about it, think about it
Me and you can make a album, make a album
Shorty we can make a album, let's make a album
Darling we can make a album (haha) ..Yea

I Wanna Give You some, studio lovin
Studio Lovin', ohhh yeahhh

[Intro]
"Yo I don't hang out with those guys, man, I ain't got nothing to do with those dudes."
"Wait a minute, I saw your female with 'em, too. What's up with her? I've been hearin' that she been givin' that stuff out to ALL them graffiti guys."
"Yo, shut the fuck up, Chico, man!"
"I could paint three of those murals for some of that ass."

"Professor, what's another word for 'pirate treasure'?"
"Well, I think it's 'booty'. Booty, booty, that's what it is."

[Adrock]
Yes, I got more bounce than the fucking bump
And then you want to know why
Because I'm motherfuckin' truckin'
I'm in the pocket just like Grady Tate
Got supplies of beats so you don't have to wait
Cause I'm the master blaster, drinking up the Shasta
My voice sounds sweet cause it has to
So light a match to my ass cause I'm blowin' up
I'd like to thank the people for just showin' up
But now I want y'all to move it
Put your point on the floor and just prove it
And I'm smurfin', not rehearsin', gettin' live, y'all
A little puffy, so you know what, I'm doin' right
Cause that's the kind of frame of mind I'm in
I got this feelin' that it's back again
So don't touch me, cause I'm electric
And if you touch me, you'll get shocked

[Mike D]
You got, you got, you got, you got, you got
You've got the boomin' system, but it's sloshing out doo-doo
You think it's chocolate milk, but it's watered down Yoo-hoo
I've been through many times in which I thought I might lose it
The only thing that saved me, has always been music
We've got our own studio, the Son of the G
It's no question, life's been good to me
Cause life ain't nothing but a good groove
A good mixtape to put ya in the right mood
This one goes out to my man, the Groove Merchant
Coming through with beats for which I've been searching
Like two sealed copies, of expansions
I'm like Tom Vu with yachts and mansions
The logo I sport is the face of the monkey
Union made, Ben Davis-quality, it's no junk, see?
My chrome is shining, just like an icicle
I ride around town on my low-rider bicycle

[MCA]
So many wack emcees, you get the TV bozak
Ain't even gonna call out your names, cause you're so wack
And one big oaf, who's faker than plastic
A dictionary definition of the word spastic
You should have never started something that you couldn't finish
Cause writin' rhymes to me is like Popeye to spinach
I'm bad ass, move ya fat ass, cause you're wack, son
Dancing around like you think you're Janet Jackson
Thought you could walk on me to get some ground to walk on
I'll put the rug out under your ass as I talk on
I'll take you out like a sniper on a roof
Like an emcee at the fever in the DJ booth
With your headphones strapped, you're rockin' rewind/pause
Tryin' to figure out what you can do to go for yours
But like a pencil to the paper, I got more to come
One after another, you can all get some
So you better take your time and meditate on your rhyme
Cause your shit'll be stinkin' when I go for mine
And that's right, y'all, don't get uptight, y'all
You can't say shit because you're biting what I write, y'all
And that's wrong, y'all, over the long haul
You can't cut the mustard when you're fronting it all
(it all, it all, it all…)

[Intro: Wiz Khalifa]
Listen to this track, bitch
Yeah, usually I be smoking weed on the intro
But, I'm drinking water
This Cabin Fever, sick
I'm not gonna tell you again, stay the hell away from my woman
Taylor Gang, niggas think you can do whatever you want
Uh

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
I cop me one, cop me one for my old girl
You think she my newest bitch, she my old girl
Khalifa, a younger nigga who handle his
Hoes get in my car ask what the channel is
Boss shit, look that up my nigga, I handle biz
On fire, like a candle is
Niggas be dressing off the mannequin
Mmm, and I get fresh like where them cameras is
Better yet sandwiches, bad bitch Spanish friends
Coulda been the President rather be the man instead, yeah

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Now when I get paid my checks be lookin' like phone numbers
Now when I get paid my checks be lookin' like phone numbers
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions

[Verse 2: Trae Tha Truth]
I'm in the hood of off something that's corner surfing
Float, no water, my trunk is waving, I'm polar surfing
Blowing faces, I'm shitting on the diamond infested
Time is money, peep the wrist bitch, my time's invested
I'm still the king and I'm thugged out
Any block, any club I flood it out
I ain't one for competition I'mma blow it out
I'm going hard I don't even plan on going out
I get money probably something you don't know about
I stunt hard, you would swear that I was showing out
Don't tell me get 'em, I got 'em and I'mma throw 'em out
And back door on these hoes that I was rolling out
While I'm in this machine, convert the top
Tell them that the sky is the limit
With a foreign freak, she got her face in my lap
So deep you would think that she was hiding in it

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Now when I get paid my checks be lookin' like phone numbers
Now when I get paid my checks be lookin' like phone numbers
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions

[Verse 3: Big Sean]
Shrimp, steak liquor and pasta
Real shit boy, these niggas imposters
They deserve an Oscar, Kevin Costner
Oh My Gosher
I got this and that and everything I want like I got a hostage
Counting 7 digits no wonder why the money calling
Got ya bitch panties Niagara falling
Dollars come like I fuck in the bank
I told them I could, they tell me I can't
They want me to trip when I dunk in the paint
I'm popping champagne and puffin' on dank
Shining hard, boy, these niggas gotta see me
My dick hard, your bitch is easy

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Now when I get paid my checks be lookin' like phone numbers
Now when I get paid my checks be lookin' like phone numbers
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
Time is money so I went and bought a Rolex (bought a Rolex)
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions
(You can talk shit bitch, I'm worth a million)
I'm talking millions, nigga I'm talking millions

[Intro]
"Ready? One... You will do this four times with the left
Four with the right, then eight times with both
Then repeat" Ah... Clap your hands...

[Chorus]
Body movin', body movin'
A1 sound, and the sound's so soothing
Body movin', body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're Krush Groovin'

[Verse 1]
Now, let me get some action from the back section
We need body rockin' not perfection
Let your backbone flip but don't slip a disc
And let your spine unwind — just take a risk
I wanna' do the freak until the break of dawn
Tell me party people, is that so wrong?
The ship is docking, interlockin'
And up-rockin', electro-shocking
We're getting down, computer action
Do the robotic satisfaction
Now all of y'all, get off the wall
Have a ball and get involved with

[Chorus]
Body movin', body movin'
A1 sound, and the sound's so soothing
Body movin', body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're Krush Groovin'

[Verse 2]
Flame on, I'm gone
I'm so sweet like a nice bonbon
Came out rapping when I was born
Mom said rock it 'til the break of dawn
Puttin' bodies in motion 'cause I got the notion
Like Roy Cormier with the coconut lotion
The sound of the music makin' you insane
You can't explain to people this type of mind frame
Like a bottle of Châteauneuf-du-Pape
I'm fine like wine when I start to rap
We need body-rockin', not perfection
Let me get some action from the back section

[Chorus]
Body movin', body movin'
A1 sound, and the sound's so soothing
Body movin', body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're Krush Groovin'

[Verse 3]
Mike D, with the master plan
I said, Ooh my-my and thank you, ma'am
And when I grab the mic, you scream, "Ooh, goddamn"
The crème de la crème is who I am
MCA, where have you been?
Packed like sardines in the tin
So kick off your shoes and put on your swim fins
'Cause when it comes to quarries I'm known to swim
And Adrock, light up the place
And if you pull my card, you pull the ace
And if you ask me, turn up the bass
And if you play defender
I could be your hyperspace... So

[Chorus]
Body movin', body movin'
A1 sound, and the sound's so soothing
Body movin', body movin'
We be getting down and you know we're Krush Groovin'

[Outro]
"You will do eight hops on the left, eight on the right
Four left, four right, two left, two right, the one each
Left right, left right. Start and land on the balls of the feet
Left foot... Ready? It's one two three four five"

[Intro]
Yeah...
Take y'all back... to them school days, yeah
Fayettenam, what up, man?

[Verse 1]
We came a long way from stick and move
Niggas skipping school, just to scrap over bullshit
Nigga if you lose, it's a wrap, them hoes clowning
It goes down in the lunch room
I'm tryna spit this game nigga, fuck food
Bust moves to the hallway
My niggas posted on the wall, always
Ain't thinking about class, dog, my ass tryna parle
If we had this shit our way
We be standing here all day
But look the principal's coming, give pounds then we all escape
All late to class with fake passes
Living life in the fast lane, but ain't passing
They dreaming, tryna be the next Jay-Z and Dame Dashes
I ain't even open my book and it's time to change classes
Walk straight past my ex and don't speak
It's all good, I'll probably have a new ex by next week
I just think, the shit we did was silly, yo, I know that
But what I wouldn't give to go back

[Chorus]
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

[Verse 2]
Yo
I walk another nigga girl to her class with my hand on her ass
If he say 'what up' later, I just laugh
Real sneaky, yo, gotta keep it low up in math
Let my nigga read this real freaky note Kiki wrote, yeah
Hooping up in P.E. you can't see me on this gym flo' (No)
But damn Vanessa booty looking sick up in them gym shorts
Uh, we bag 'em up, y'all niggas gonna have to wait
So they passing hate like, 'Damn I can't wait 'til they graduate.'
But some of my niggas will probably never make it
The S.A.T. shit man I doubt they ever take it, 'cause
Instead of tryna send a nigga to a tutor
Them guidance counselors tryna introduce us to recruiters, it's a set-up
Momma cut the light on, time to get up
Make sure the shirt matching the forces then I head out
At the time I thought this shit was so whack
But what I wouldn't give to go back
Yeah, hey

[Chorus]
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

[Verse 3]
I'm a little grown, but still reminisce
Close your eyes nigga, you remember this?
Friday night football game, something I'll forever miss
After parties in the gym, grinding underneath the rim
You forgot your school I.D? Fuck, nigga, you ain't gettin' in
In the hallways acting like some hoodlums
See that scrap? Naw, damn I always miss the good ones
Them rumors spreading fast with that he say she say
Twenty people on the phone 'cause everybody did three-way
Man we played them girls for the fools, but
Wasn't no ladies like them ladies from other schools
'Cause seeing them same old chicks got tired quick
She was just fucking my boy, now she all on my dick, gossip, damn
Another chick pregnant, another nigga gone
I reminisce on all the chicks a nigga never bone
Pardon me y'all I'm just flipping through some Kodaks
Sitting, wishing I could go back

[Chorus]
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

[Outro]
Yeah, this shit is dedicated to all my niggas man
R.J., Mike Shaw, Jim Brown, yeah
B. Nasty, Big Joe, Smitty, what's good? Yeah
Terry Sanford High School, E. Smith
Class of 2003, that's me
I know y'all remember this

[Verse 1]
I believe Jehovah Jireh
I believe there's heaven, I believe in war
I believe a woman's temple
Gives her the right to choose, but baby, don't abort
I believe that marriage isn't
Between a man and woman, but between love and love
And I believe you when you say that you've lost all faith
But you must believe in something, something, something
You gotta believe in something, something, something

[Chorus]
I still believe in man
A wise one asked me why
'Cause I just don't believe we're wicked
I know that we sin, but I do believe we try
We all try, the girls try, the boys try
Women try, men try
You and I try, try
We all try

[Verse 2]
I don't believe in time travel
I don't believe our nation's flag is on the moon
I don't believe our lives are simple
And I don't believe they're short, this is interlude
I don't believe my hands are cleanly
Can't believe that you would let me touch your heart
She didn't believe me when I said that I lost my faith
You must believe in something, something, something
You gotta believe in something, something, something, oh, oh

[Chorus]
I still believe in man (Oh, oh)
A wise one asked me why (Oh, oh)
'Cause I just don't believe we're wicked (Wicked)
I know that we sin, but I do believe we try (Try, try)
We all try, the girls try, the boys try
Women try, men try (Every girl tries)
You and I try (Every boy tries), try
We all try

[Outro]
Try to believe
Try (Just try)
Try to believe, try to believe
Try (Just try)
Try to believe, try to believe
Try (Just try)
Try to believe
Oh, I, I do believe, I do believe

[Verse 1]
That's a pretty big trunk on my Lincoln Town Car, ain't it?
Big enough to take these broken hearts and put 'em in it
Now I'm drivin' 'round on the boulevard, trunk bleedin'
And every time the cops pull me over, they don't ever see them
They never see them

[Pre-Chorus]
And I've got this black suit on
Roamin' around like I'm ready for a funeral
Five more miles 'til the road runs out

[Chorus]
I'm about to drive in the ocean
I'ma try to swim from somethin' bigger than me
Kick off my shoes
And swim good, and swim good
Take off this suit
And swim good, and swim good, good

[Verse 2]
Got some pretty good beats on this 808s CD, yeah
Memory seats I'm sittin' on stay heated (Yeah)
I woulda put tints on my windows, but what's the difference?
If I feel like a Ghost, no Swayze
Ever since I lost my baby

[Pre-Chorus]
I've had this black suit on
Roamin' around like I'm ready for a funeral
One more mile 'til the road runs out, out

[Chorus]
I'm about to drive in the ocean
I'ma try to swim from somethin' bigger than me
Kick off my shoes
And swim good, and swim good
Take off this suit
And swim good, and swim good, good

[Bridge]
I'm goin' off (Oh, my pretty love)
Don't try stopping me
I'm goin' off (Throw me a line)
Don't try saving (You broke my heart)
No flares (You broke my heart)
No vest (You drove my love)
And no fear
Waves are washin' me out

[Chorus]
I'm about to drive in the ocean
I'ma try to swim from somethin' bigger than me
Kick off my shoes
And swim good, and swim good
Take off this suit
And swim good, and swim good, good

[Outro]
Don't die

[Intro]
Crazy
I plead insanity
Crazy for you, baby
Crazy, na, na

[Verse 1]
Talk to me
And I better not hear a word
Oh, do me baby
Ooh, I better not feel it, girl
Baby, I, I still got one bullet left
In my nine
Finna do a love crime, love crime
Finna do a love crime

[Chorus]
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes

[Verse 2]
You write me love letters
With your father's pen, oh
If he knew the freaky, freaky things
That you write with it, oh
Is it really wrong that I want
To be the baby daddy?
Is that a love crime, love crime?
Tell me it's a love crime

[Chorus]
Eh, murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes
Oh, yeah, yeah
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes
Oh, yeah, yeah

[Bridge]
In the getaway car
You know I love it when the ride is smooth
If we ever get caught
It'd be a long vacation for two

[Chorus]
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes
Murder, murder, murder she wrote
Love crimes, love crimes

[Outro]
"Millions of years of evolution, right? Right!? Men have to stick it in every place they can, but for women– women, it is just about security, and commitment, and– ah, whatever the fuck else! If you men only knew. But you're not the jealous type, are you? You've never been jealous about me, have you? And why haven't you ever been jealous about me!? You are very, very sure of yourself, aren't you?"

[Verse 1: André 3000]
"Baby, did you hear that?" "Yeah, baby, I heard it too"
Look out the window, golly, the sky is electric blue
Mama Earth is dying and crying because of you
Raining cats and jackals, all shackles disintegrate to residue
Silly mortals haven't a clue as to what the fuck is going on
I'm on the telephone dialing the Dungeon ("Hello?")
This Dre, bring the MP and the SP
Meet me at the center of the Earth and travel carefully
Baby, grab the baby, cause baby, it ain't much time
Mama Earth is tossing and turning and that's a sign
Omega nigga I.F.O.s are landing in Decatur
Hope I'm not over your head, but if so you will catch on later
Played the track, guess she could not take it anymo'
Raping her heavenly body like a ho, coochie so'
From niggas constantly fucking her, never loving her
Never showing appreciation, busting nuts in her face when they done

"Who said good folks is not supposed to die?"

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
The sky is falling, nobody balling, they done gave back they guns
For some tickets to the playoffs, but the Hornets, they won
Nigga, we slum, kept all the guns, I gotta protect my family
I drove the biggest thing in the house cause I knew they'd try to ram me
But I'm stabbing, making a path on expressway the best way I know how
Look up in the sky, east, west, no clouds
Him coming now, fuck that money now
I ask my honey how she feeling and is Jordan okay? "Yeah, yeah, she chillin'"
We should be at The Dungeon shortly, ain't nobody on they porch, see?
Approaching the final exit, I'm thinking I see four horsies
But I don't though, nigga, you won't know until it's on ya
I put that on my dope boys from A-Town to California
All the weed smell like ammonia but at the Dungeon I know they're smoking
Writing the raps and doing the beats to make this last recording
Fuck abortion, I got in the booth to run the final portion
The beat was very dirty and the vocals had distortion

[Outro: André 3000]
"Who said good folks is not supposed to die?"
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well
All's well, nothing's well

[Intro: DJ Drama, Big Sean]
Drama!
What you doin'? Huh, bullshittin' (DJ Babey Drew)

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Nigga, why you mad? (Uh) You know we bullshittin' (Uh)
I like my cars how I like my broads, top missin' (Uh)
Made full of liquor and faces full of DNA (Yup)
And me and Sean came to party, so it's TNA

[Interlude: DJ Drama, Big Sean]
Hold up CB
Now Chris came to me and said, "Drama, let's do In My Zone 2"
I said, "The heck, man? Come on, work the album though, what you doin'?"
He said, "All this, we just bullshittin', man"
You know why?
We in our zone, baby
Shout out to Big Sean
What you doin'? Huh, bull—
Uh-oh

[Verse 2: Chris Brown, Big Sean, Both]
Nigga, why you mad? (Uh) You know we bullshittin' (Uh)
I like my cars how I like my broads, top missin' (Uh)
Made full of liquor and faces full of DNA (Yup)
And me and Sean came to party, so it's TNA
I go to war for that money, I'm a Green Beret (Uh)
I got that cash flow, nigga, I just need to save (Uh)
Call me birdman, flock full of chickens (Ha)
What you doin'? Huh, I'm bullshittin'
You get paid, no, never mind (No)
'Cause by the time you see me
Been seein' your girl like hella times (Yup)
And she might say your name but she yellin' mine
You a sucker, you a lame, I'm a veteran, ha
I do my thing, dirty-dirty
I'ma be the reason why they actin' flirty
1:30, kinda early
They callin' me Tiger 'cause I'm gettin' birdies
And I'm a birdman, whole flock of chickens
Nigga, what you doin'? Huh, bullshittin'
Nigga, hold up, the track done blowed up
My flow sick as shit, I think I throwed up
What up my nigga, Sean? We rockin' all these ladies
And we responsible for after the show, all these babies
You know it's G.O.O.D. music, CBE I do-do it
Poo-poo on that track and I be shittin' on them, vomit fluid
Call a coroner, nigga, good riddance
What you doin'? Bull—

[Intro: T.I.]
Real talk, true story (uh-huh)
No nuts, no glory (uh-uh)
Y'knowmsayin? (Real talk)
Ay dawg (yeah yeah)
I'mma tell you like this

[Hook: T.I.]
Hey I'm so raw, and I'm so rich
And you so flawed niggas ain't 'bout shit
I'll take yo' broad, I can fuck yo' bitch
Know that I'm gon' ball every chance I get
Every chance I get, real talk, no shit
Every chance I get, make money on this
I'll take yo' broad, I can fuck yo' bitch
Know that I'm gon' ball every chance I get, every chance I get

[T.I.]
They say it's lonely at the top, but I don't feel lonely
Got my homies out in Hollywood so I don't feel phony
Ain't another nigga colder, cribs all over
Flash-in-pan, these other rappers catch a number, Coca-Cola
I'm exceedin expectations, you barely meetin quota
I give it to 'em straight, you cut it with baking soda
You said I ain't Zone One, nigga ha, that's a funny one
I'm King like my 3 year-old, Major like my youngest son
Got one named Domani, so you know what I'm gettin (guap)
Deyjah and Neek-Neek and Messiah like "Daddy, get 'em"
Got an angel named Leah here to keep me outta prison
And my partner Jason Geter to help me see about a billion
Listen; Grand Hustle, best respect this vision
My records sell about a million, but shit that just the beginnin
What with Club Crucial and Grand Hustle film division
Multiplication to get the paper, I let the clique do the division
Break bread, StreetCred.com makin a killin
Plus "A King of Oneself," high fashion, I'm flashin
I'm, ready for whatever though, trained to go you better know
Put dick up in whoever ho, let 'em know

[Hook]

[T.I.]
I gotta thank my lucky stars cause it came so far
Dope game, rap game, 'bout the same so far
Brag about your lil' Benz, nigga that ain't no car
I got some shit in my garage that requires a chauffeur
High as gas is, the country at war and people are starvin
And I pay a million dollars for Ferraris, retarded, huh?
Sorry bruh, been addicted to ballin since I started up
See ten hoes, get 'em all to fuck cause they know this dough stack tall as fuck
Nah, it ain't that I'm rich that they hate so much
Least I could do it, not rub it in niggas face so much
So I'm tryin now while I'm rhymin not to brag about the island
Or the crib in Hawaii where all the walls slide in
House is wide open, we could bring the outside in
I think you should hear about it, but fuck it I'll be quiet
I just spit it how I live it homie I don't be lyin
Would it make you feel better if I put my pockets on a diet?
If I made less money, started to dress bummy
Would the haters and the critics have more respect for me?
Should I downgrade the crib and the way I live?
Now how about I don't and we just say I did, nigga

[Hook]

[Outro: T.I.]
Ay say homeboy
It's real talk comin at you live and direct homeboy, you dig that?
Heh, you could hate all you want partna
I'mma give you somethin to hate on, bitch nigga
Ha ha! Grand Hustle, you understand?
DJ Toomp you did yo' muh'fuckin thang as usual
Ay-hey look, P$C partna, Pimp Squad Click
Ay, Big Kuntry you up next homie
It's the king, BITCH!
Yeahhhhhh, they say I ain't Zone One, bitch nigga
My grandmama been livin on Center Hill 43 years, ho-ass nigga
You understand that? Nigga come meet me nigga
See me nigga! You know?
Why niggas gotta wait 'til a nigga got the police watchin you
And start kickin that fuck shit, you know?
You know how I get down, you know what it was nigga
You know you don't wanna see me, bitch nigga!
Yeahhhhhh, AY!

[Hook]

[Intro]
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh

[Chorus]
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate

[Verse 1]
I could flip that flow, I could stick that ho
I could get that dough, you know I'm with that, yo
Ain't a thing about the shit I came through I haven't seen
But when it gets dark, it's like a nigga's havin' dreams
Or nightmares, the light dares to desert me (What?)
Got me like everybody wants to hurt me (What?)
Paranoid, so I strike out at whatever (Uh)
The closest thing to me is gonna get it, but never
Will I kill? I think death is wrong
So I'ma keep holdin' on 'til what's left is gone
You could put that on my nigga Boom
These other rap cats will give a nigga room
But if it calls for me to force my way in the door
Headhuntin' motherfuckas, stay on the floor
Four-four, that's what I get sick with (Grr)
Four more, now all this is liquid (Grr)

[Chorus]
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate

[Verse 2]
I thank the Lord everyday that I'm blessed with a gift
I'm the best, so unless you wanna rest with the stiff
Don't touch that, uh-uh, leave it alone
When you walk past the doghouse, leave it a bone
Dogs bite, dogs fight, dawgs knife
Scratch, shake, and hold all night
So when you hear the—, start runnin'
'Cause when you hear the—, I'm comin'
But I don't like drama, so I stay to myself
Keep focus with this rap shit and pray for the wealth
I want the money, give me the honeys with big asses
The most expensive champagne you got in big glasses
I'm drunk so I'ma bash his head wide open
Beggin' me to stop, but at least he died hopin'
Didn't get his wish, and now he's a dish for the pack
Two glowin' red eyes, everything else is black

[Chorus]
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate

[Verse 3]
When the sun is up, the gun is up on the shelf
And all the runners up are thankin' me for their health
Hopin' that they not around when it gets dark outside
Sun's goin' down, you hear the bark outside
Locks off the cage, gauge with the buck shots
Faggot, you've been lucky all day, that's when your luck stops
One drops, then another and another
Gun pops, goin' through you and your mother
When does it all end? I found a friend in a dog
'Cause fuckin' with these cats will send a friend to the morgue
Many questions, no answers, just stress
Try to hold my head and remember that I'm blessed
With the curse and it gets worse as time goes by
Can't see straight 'cause I'm so high
Why ask why when you know?
Nigga, when it's your time to go, you go

[Chorus]
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Just keep it real, partner, give to the needy
Ribs is touchin', so don't make me wait
Fuck around and I'm gon' bite you and snatch the plate

[Verse 1]
If this was a game
I already know that I would come out winning
And I'm not bragging, I'ma be in her
But this bitch really think that I'm 'bout to buy her dinner
My steak good, I got a good cut like splinter
Juicy and hot, such a Black-bitch temper
Now she wanna talk and chop it up like a blender
But I don't give a fuck or even list-en like Schindler
She's cute, but her forehead's big
Got stretch marks like she got four kids
Her legs can't close like the four-doorhinge Bronco
That O.J. killed the white whores with
A wealthy white girl without the facelift
Lure her with expensive dinners and a nice bracelet
Leave the bitch breathless
What the bitch don't know is that I'm a mothafuckin' sellout and a rapist

[Chorus]
Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort?
You already know you're dead
Ironic 'cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk
'Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow
And snort
Blow

[Verse 2]
If this was a game
I would be considered a motherfucking legend
And I ain't trying to gas you like Chevron
But I'm high as fuck, bitch, you really need to get on my leverage
Now, we're in the cabin, in the middle of ("Uh...")
Tryna find ways to really stuff you in my cabinet
Dreamy little bastard, I done ran out of luck
So now, it's time for a bloody foot, you little rabbit
You're very attractive
And notice that my hat is always the color of cactus
(And I hang with wolves) 'Cause I'm an evil bastard
Pictures of you on my wall
No glue, no tape, but just cum, plastered
Met you at my school, departed at my house
Ended at your panties, started at your blouse
Pushed you downstairs, I took a nap up on the couch
(*Snoring*)
If you wanted a date, don't come
Now, you gotta make it easy for you, don't run
You call this shit "kids?" Well, I call these kids "cum"
And you call this shit "rape," but I think that rape's fun
Wait, now it's about eight-something
It's late, and you stuck down in my base-one
Come downstairs with nothing but a shoe-string
Yeah, bitch, this date's done

[Chorus]
Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort?
You already know you're dead
Ironic 'cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk
'Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow
And snort (Wanna watch a movie?)
Blow
Baby, you're an angel
How about we turn this into a fable of some sort? (Watch a movie)
You already know you're dead
Ironic 'cause your lipstick's red, of course
I stuff you in the trunk, drunk (Bright lights)
'Cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow
And snort (We could go anywhere)
Blow

[Outro]
I like my girls how I like my drugs:
White
Lord, you're so pretty
Lying in my arms
I just got one request:
Stop breathing

[Intro]
Ay count that money for me partner
Ay Ross make sure that nigga got that shit right, ya hear me?
Ay, let a motherfucker go ding, that’s a 150 thou
Yeah, that shit should add up to about 5.4
I be right back, I’m finna go get dressed
Tell tha nigga to gas up tha jet

[Hook: T.I.]
I stay on my grind cause that come first
If he get outta line his feelings finna get hurt
All that’s on my mind is get that dough
He try me I'mma take you places you don’t wanna go
50, 60 stacks of more and I’m in your town
Just to shake some booty home but it finna go down
Hear that click clack roll, better get back fast
Have attention when you see me pledge allegiance to the swag
Pledge allegiance to the swag 

[x8]

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Ay, I do my thang you don’t know
Off the motherfuckin’ chain, play the game how it go
I ain’t in the game still I'mma problem on the low
Whip them thangs well just know I know who got it for the low
Triple O.G. so sucker free, I swear
You don’t know me homie you can get the fuck from round here
I don’t care who you will, who you with or who you know
Let’s be clear, I’m a motherfuckin’ G and you a ho
Keep that Remy XO pulled up, bankrolled, swole up
Smell money in the air soon as I roll up, ayyy
I’m the coolest in the city bitch
While you lame trippin’ on that goofy stupid silly shit
Who you ever seen it really did, super fly filthy rich, any with it killin’ shit
Came in that bitch with my ego and got cash
I demand you to raise your hand and
Pledge Allegiance To The Swag

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Brown bag of money, call me David Copperfield
A bitch’ll disappear, Lord, the bitch will disappear
We control the corners, that’s usual politics
Push a button from the mansion, hit you with a hollow tip
We two different niggas, I’m servin’, he sniffing his
And I love that new Bugatti, how that bitch be shifting gears
Movin’ how I move, I fuck with a selected few
Aviators and Audemars, tha bezel flourescent blue
Down south nigga, had to climb up out the barrel
Outfox these niggas, now we rock our own apparrel
Pledge allegiance to the swag cause this shit is top notch
Jumpin’ in and outta bitches like I’m playin’ hopscotch
Jumpin’ in and outta sixes like I got a car lot
And I got the type of digits that your bitch’ll dial by
Young niggas bow down to the kings
In the presence of a Don, pay respect, kiss my ring

[Hook]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
End zone - off set, neck, wrist frostbit
Deal ain’t hundred mil, you ain’t talkin’ bout shit
Nigga wanna beef, he get the whole cal quick
If you talking bout some paper step into my office
On some Penthouse shit, rentin' out chicks
Fuck ‘em from behind, they be spitting out dick
Excuse me now but if I may make an announcement
I smoke no more but when I did I was blowin’ ounces of gas
Ask the feds what I had when they found me
We down with whatever, don’t interrupt my countin’
Ballin’ on a daily basis, call my accountant
Only time you make it rain when you throwin’ change in a fountain
Flow sick, crazy, derranged, need counselin’
He say I ain’t all that, she say I’m outstandin’
Them lames out Jeezy, square’s outta season
When you see my swag, nigga, pledge your allegiance

[Hook]

[T.I Talking]
Ay my nigga I’m the type of stars and stripes you know what I’m saying
You come fuck with me on that bullsh-t you’ll be seeing Stars and Stripes nigga, you understand that nigga, say I’m lying, think its a game if you want to partna
Ay Ross I see you my nigga, I bump that Maybach music nigga when I’m playing music in my Maybach, ya dig
Aye listen, all you other sucker ass nigga homeboys
I don’t see you dogg, you transparent, translucient dog
My nigga get out my way nigga let money get through here dog
You understand
Say you niggas ain't even on my muthaf-cking resume dog
Aye my nigga if I did take you out the game it was my pleasure to move you out my God Damn way you know what I’m saying
Niggas say no more homes
Nigga you could have died in the hand of another man, you know what I’m saying
Nigga I’m the best thing that ever happen to you, nigga
You know, say homeboy
My worst muthf-cking mistake was the best you ever hope for
Know what I’m saying, I forgot more shit than you could remember
Nigga, I got more muthaf-cking money in my chain draw than you got in your God damn bank roll nigga
Nigga anytime you want to nigga I match my change to your mutha-fcking dollars see who come up first know what I’m saying
Big bank take little bank nigga wassup nigga?
These niggas thought I was just talkin when I came in this muf-cka talkin that Cage shit nigga
Look at me know nigga what you see nigga?
Huh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Get your pen out take notes nigga
Don’t Hate nigga! Ha!
Fuck that bullsh-t, Partna
It’s the muf-cka…
Aye man, Jay.. Ay, Jay talkin bout..
Jay say he made the Blueprint my nigga
This the muthaf-ckin’ Foundation nigga, ok?
Yeah, everything else would be built up off of this shit nigga
All Red-y yeah, yeah
Say no more nigga everything understood don’t need to be explained
Ross I got you nigga, say no more
It’s all good my nigga
Grand Hustle PSC For Life Bitch Nigga!
West Side!
It’s on one bank here nigga
Count, I told you! Didn’t I muthaf-ckin’ tell you? yeah!
Aight then, I’ll holla at ya’ll niggas on the motherf-cking Flipside nigga!
A hundred million plus, a bus nigga, bitch nigga!
Just when they thought I was done for the summer
Came out the cupboard, show my ass like a plumber
I ain't Chinese, but you're worth two dolla'
Tee get the bleach, I'm a show my true ca-la
Tell a nigga holla in the peach Impala
Only if he give good brain like a scholar
A-la, a-la, a-la eyy!
Knock your top off like a holiday
Dang, little mama, I should be in your pot
Cause everywhere I go they saying Nicki you're hot
I catch more eyes than the letter with the dot
Super-size fries, my pies better be hot
She got it twisted like a cock-eyed bitch
That's why I be in Mr.Chows, you a Popeye's bitch
You the type to get some money, go spend it on some boots
Save just enough for some douche for your cooch'
It ain't about money, you ain't speakin' my lang'
Cuttin' any bitch off if she enter my lane
And it really ain't a thang, when I bang, I bang
And my goons swing by like orangutans
Fuck wrong with you? I am the Don-dada
I show you how to do it, like I'm your mo-mother
You can't beat me, so don't do-don't bother
You soft like butter,and no, I don't stutter
You Romeo and I'm Master P
That's why they mention me first, then you after me (Next!)
I'm the up and comin' that the streets talk about
The twenty-two slugga, make a bitch walk it out
(Now walk it out!)
Nicki get it poppin' like I came unannounced
Stay with a goon and my goon dumbin' out
So, first thing first, I'm the queen of the crew
I could cook crack or cook a mean beef stew
Beef stew, beef stew, whatcha gonna do?
I could cook crack, or cook a mean beef stew
Beef stew, beef stew, whatcha gonna do?
I could cook crack or cook a mean beef stew

[Outro]
I am the president, I am the president
Dirty Money
Queens, New York is in the motherfuckin' building, building, building
Building, building, building, building, building, haha
You gotta love me, mayne
Gravy what up? Get your fat ass in the booth, nigga

[Verse 1: Drake]
Uh, when did you get like this?
Least you coulda done is gone and give me a warning
I don't regret like this
So I'll be right there when you wake up in the morning
Saying, "This just ain't my style"
You can't say you're happy either
You don't even smile for me, no

[Chorus: Peter Bjorn & John]
Did you agree we should let it be?
And did you agree it's a must?
Let's call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us
Let's call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us

[Verse 2: Drake]
When you decided to knock on my door
Did you remember what happened before?
The look on your face said you were expecting more
But some things look better inside of the store

[Chorus: Peter Bjorn & John]
Did you agree we should let it be?
And did you agree it's a must?
Let's call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us
Let's call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us

[Verse 3: Drake]
Look, leave me, leave me, I can't fucking stand you
Wish I had the courage to say everything I planned to
My girlfriend, my girlfriend, call herself my girlfriend
Tell me that we 'posed to be together 'til the world end
But I don't really feel that
I just really wanna turn the wheels back
Give you all your sweaters and your heels back
Convince you that time will heal that
Uh, you look for reasons for us to argue
I swear everytime I call, you just tell me how I don't call you
Why you do that? Do that, do that, yeah

[Chorus: Peter Bjorn & John]
Did you agree we should let it be?
And did you agree it's a must?
Let's call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us
Let's call the whole thing off
We just have had enough of us

[Intro:  The Wailers]
Get Up, Stand Up, stand up for your right
Get Up, Stand Up, stand up for your right
Get Up, Stand Up, stand up for your right
Get Up, Stand Up, don't give up the fight

[Verse 1: Bob Marley]
Preacher man don't tell me heaven is under the earth
I know you don't know what life is really worth
It's not all that glitter is gold and
Half the story has never been told
So now you see the light, aay
Stand up for your right. Come on

[Chorus: The Wailers and Bob Marley]
Get Up, Stand Up, stand up for your right
Get Up, Stand Up, don't give up the fight
Get Up, Stand Up, stand up for your right
Get Up, Stand Up, don't give up the fight

[Verse 2: Bob Marley]
Most people think great God will come from the sky
Take away everything, and make everybody feel high
But if you know what life is worth
You would look for yours on earth
And now you see the light
You stand up for your right, yeah

[Bridge: The Wailers & (Bob Marley)]
Get Up, Stand Up (Yeah, yeah)
Stand up for your right (Ohh-huuh)
Get Up, Stand Up (Get Up, Stand Up)
Don't give up the fight (Life is your right)
Get Up, Stand Up (So we can't give up the fight)
Stand up for your right (Lord, Lord)
Get Up, Stand Up (Keep on struggling on)
Don't give up the fight (Yeah)

[Verse 3: Peter Tosh]
We're sick and tired of your ism and schism game
Die and go to heaven in Jesus' name, Lord
We know and we understand
Almighty God is a living man
You can fool some people sometimes
But you can't fool all the people all the time
So now we see the light
(What you gonna do?)
We going to stand up for our right
(Yeah, yeah, yeah)

So you'd better...

[Outro: The Wailers]
Get Up, Stand Up (Don't give it up)
Stand up for your right (Stand up right now)
Get Up, Stand Up, don't give up the fight
(Don't give it up, don't give it up)
Get Up, Stand Up (Get Up, Stand Up)
Stand up for your right (Get Up, Stand Up)
Get Up, Stand Up, don't give up the fight
Get Up, Stand Up, stand up for your right
Get Up, Stand Up, don't give up the fight
Get Up, Stand Up, stand up for your right

[Intro: Dr. TC & Tyler, The Creator]
So, do you party?
Nah, I just do ignorant hoodrat shit with me and my niggas in the fucking mall, Odd Future Wolf Gang
(Drop it)

[Verse 1: Jasper Dolphin]
Niggas at the fucking mall, niggas, where my fucking drawers?
Think I'm happy? Think I'm sad? Bitch, you fucking know my dad
He wears his pants up in his ass, touch his ass, grab his dick
You's a fag, you like that shit, OF is the fucking clique
I'm going off the top of the brain
Nigga, don't know how to rap, but I'm in the game
Fuck that shit, I'on't give a fuck
I'm back up in the fucking club, niggas know I'm at the mall
Eating chips with my drawers, how you doin'? How you fall?

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator with All]
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Eat my ass, lick my balls
Bitch, I'm in the fucking mall, with my niggas, eating ham (Mmm) (Yo)
Bitch, I got that fucking swag, you don't know my fucking dad
I don't know my fucking dad, what is this? A fucking purse?
I ain't fucking Mexican, but we can have sex again
With your sister, with no rubber (Alexis' real name is Alex)
What the fuck? That's your fucking brother?
I ain't with that jerkin' shit
Unless, it's Steve Harvey's buff sister trying to jerk my dick

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator with All]
Swag, swag, swag, swag (Woo, woo, woo, woo)
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave

[Bridge]
All: Swag, swag, swag
Taco: Swag, SWAG, SWAG, SWAG
Tyler, the Creator: Oh no, oh no, oh no
Swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag, swag

[Verse 3: Travis Taco]
I'm with your girlfriend, eating chips
Mmm, stop the beat, bitch
Uh, oh, oh, shit, fuck, mmm, mmm
Wait, stop the beat
Alright, yeah, nigga, I was in the mall
With my niggas, busting triggers, yee, swag

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator with All]
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Swag, swag, swag, swag
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave
Tina, perm your fucking weave

[Outro: Tyler, The Creator & Jasper Dolphin]
Bitches, hoes, weaves, leather jackets (Fuck Craig, nigga don't know)
Bitches, weaves, hoes, leather jackets
Bitches, weaves, hoes, swag (I'ma kill you and that fucking baby, bitch)

[Intro: Dr. TC]
Well, Tyler, uh
It's about that time
I mean, you're a good kid, just misguided
Okay, so is there anything else you wanna say before we end this?

[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
My father died the day I came out of my mother's hole
And left a burden on my soul, until I was old enough
To understand that the fuckin' faggot didn't like me much
He loved my moms enough to bust a nut and then he... (Shake Junt)
Bring Your Pops to School Day, for twelve years, I cheated
Told the fuckin' faculty that he was at a meeting and
Bring That Dude to Life day, he wasn't at the meeting
Made a U-turn on the way there like, "The fuck am I thinking?" (What?)
Birthdays, Christmas, my only fucking wishlist
Was CDs (And a father) and a new fit
Instead, I got some CDs, inhaler, some Ritalin, some white socks
I was hyper 'cause I ain't get attention from my real pops
Cops say I'm supposed to be in jail, but they don't know it's me
Statistics say that niggas with no father ain't gon' be shit (Nigga!)
Well I guess I had one, 'cause, nigga, I'm it
You smell that? (Yeah!) That's the odor of success, bitch

[Interlude: Tyler, the Creator]
I know I'm not the only bastard
In America
So I'm gon' to need some help, on this next part
Scream it with me, niggas

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator with Hodgy Beats]
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I graduated
(Without you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Nigga, eighteen) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Got a car, nigga) Fuck you
(Eat a dick, nigga) Bitch

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
Father's Day was the worst when it came to gifts
'Cause I ain't know for who or what the fuck to get
Now, my mama mentioned the day before what she would like
'Cause she's playin' both roles, like her occupation was dyke, fucking right
I ain't look up to Obama and Nixon (Nope)
I look up to the Hugos and Dixons (Yup)
The niggas in the vision, rap about the shit they cooking in the kitchen
Pushing keys, like them niggas that were banging on them keys
My father never seen me, the nigga probably Stevie
He bought me a hoodie, a couple albums
Like that's gonna make up for the years and the tears
And the money that my mama spent on rent and clothes
You fucking dipped out, I swear to God, if I see you I'ma get out
The M-16 and let a fucking clip out (RAH!)
'Cause in 16 years, you let your kid doubt the existence, none
I don't give a fuck either, like father, like son, I'm done

[Bridge: Hodgy Beats]
He ain't give a fuck about me
He ain't give a fuck about you
He ain't give a fuck about we
So what the fuck we gon' do?

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator with Hodgy Beats]
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I graduated
(Without you) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Nigga, eighteen) I'm good
(Fuck you) I'm good
(Got a car, nigga) Fuck you
(Eat a dick, nigga) Bitch

[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator]
The cold is nice, and I'm not talking 'bout the weather
The skin is thick, no need for leather
Your father called, he said you're better without him
I'm not the only fuck without them
How to tie a tie and how to get your suit hemmed
Up, take it to the shop, then, what?
Fuck it, momma's proud of her asthmatic, thin fuck
Luck on my brim, Sup-preme keeps me warm
When the cold blood swarms in my veins, fuck rain in the summer
The bummer is the fact that I'm black
And I hang with white Neos whose marrow stays frío
Now, this counselor is tryna tell me that I'm emo
She don't give a fuck
D-low, where's the trigger? I'll let this bullet play hero

[Outro: Tyler, the Creator]
Shit
No, no, fuck that
Fuck that
I ain't deserve this
I'm over it
BANG!

[Chorus]
Okay, light-skinned girls, you can put it in my video
Dark-skinned girls, you can put it in my video
Thick girls, you can put it in my video
Thin girls, you can put it in my video
Smarty art chicks, you can put it in my video
Dumb hoes, you can put it in my video
Smooth girls, you can put it in my video
Nerd girls, you can put it in my video

[Verse 1]
I'm blowing up like my swagger on the Gaza
I'm writing movies where I'm making out with Aubrey Plaza
And homegirl my homegirl, it is not like that
But if she tried to rape me, I would not fight back
Girls who turned me down are saying "please" and "sorry"
You lucky that I'm Randy, Aziz Ansari
So now I'm in the club tellin' strippers they should back it up
I wanna hang with Lil Wayne, I just hope that I'm black enough
Damn, I guess we're all friends here
Except for I don't know you, like you was me last year
It's funny how these niggas all treat me like we best friends
I wanna fuck these small girls, minus "S-M"
Meaning that I fuck all girls, that is wordplay
Catch me on my iPhone doing what the birds say
I ain't going nowhere, somebody better tell a hater
He's goin' down like my living room elevator
Fuck what you heard, bitch, I'll fuck your fucking brains out
And make you wash your boyfriend's sheets to get the stains out
Put your fucking boots on, it's time to kick the lames out
You got your favorite rapper in your ear, it's time to change out

[Chorus]
Light-skinned girls, you can put it in my video
Dark-skinned girls, you can put it in my video
Thick girls, you can put it in my video
Thin girls, you can put it in my video
Smarty art chicks, you can put it in my video
Dumb hoes, you can put it in my video
Smooth girls, you can put it in my video
Nerd girls, you can put it in my video

[Verse 2]
Watch your girlfriend, I'll fuck her then I up and leave her
Girls chase me like they think my dick is Justin Bieber
Pussy thrown at me, you fuckin' with a wide receiver
I'm a genius, and I ain't try to hide it either
Got a lot of hay, let me pay for what you sip tonight
Mixed girls from Williamsburg, that's my fucking kryptonite
Baby girl, shorty, have it however you want it
Whatever you asking 'bout, I promise you that I done it
My swagger's New York but my home is the South
And it's amazing how I eat more pussy than Alf
And I'm all up in your ear but then I'm all in your mouth
I don't talk, but girls the only thing we're talkin' about

[Chorus]
Light-skinned girls, you can put it in my video
Dark-skinned girls, you can put it in my video
Thick girls, you can put it in my video
Thin girls, you can put it in my video
Smarty art chicks, you can put it in my video
Dumb hoes, you can put it in my video
Smooth girls, you can put it in my video
Nerd girls, you can put it in my video

[Outro]
Put, put it in my video
Put, put, put, put it in my video

[Intro: Frank Ocean]
Yeah
Oh-oh, yeah

[Verse 1: Frank Ocean]
I've been meaning to fuck you in the garden
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Been breathing so hard, we both could use the oxygen
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Just hop on my back, I'll take you down the stairs
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Into my backyard, then lay you right on the grass, eh

[Pre-Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Give it to you over again, over again, over again
Over again

[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Making love
Underneath the cherry leaves
Baby girl
Tell me how my nature feels
Said, oh, baby (Oh, baby)
Up against the cherry tree (Ah, ah)
Baby girl (Baby girl)
I'll give it to you naturally
Naturally, oh-oh

[Verse 2: Frank Ocean]
Feeling like Adam when he first found out this existed
"Ha, wow..."
Me and my Eve trying out our first positions
Ha, yeah
And it's all good, and it's all free
And it's all you, and it's only me
Playing in the dirt wrestling myself inside you
Yeah (Ah-ah)

[Pre-Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Give it you over again, over again, over again
Over again

[Chorus: Frank Ocean]
Said, making love
Underneath the cherry leaves (Ah, ah, ah)
Baby girl
Tell me how my nature feels (Ah, ah)
Said oh, baby (Oh, baby)
Up against the cherry tree (Ah, ah)
Baby girl (Baby girl)
I'll give it to you naturally

[Bridge: Frank Ocean]
My cavewoman
I'm a caveman
Doing wild things
In a wild land
We keep going, baby
We keep getting it, baby
We'll get pebbles, maybe
A couple bam-bams
Bam, bam
Bang, bang
Girl, your heart goes
Bam and bang
Feel my heart go, go, go...

[Outro: MGMT]
Do what you feel now!
Electric feel now!
Do what you feel now!
Electric feel now!
Do what you—

[cassette ejected]

[Verse 1]
Who's that talking in the library?
Who's that talking in my library? Is that you?
No, I won't put you out
'Cause what would this place be without my muse?
Nothing special

[Pre-Chorus]
Every book in here, I wrote
Some I'm not too proud of, some I wish I could burn
So many pages I wrote
Wish I could revise them, but there's no erasing
And the best advice I got was keep writing, yeah
And keep living, yeah
And keep loving
Oh, loving and living and loving

[Chorus]
And when the ink dries
And the pages turn to dust, so will we
Turn to dust, so will we
Dust, dust

[Verse 2]
Who's that laughing in my library?
Who's that laughing in my library? Is that you?
No, I won't put you out
'Cause what would this place be without your smile?
Nothing special

[Pre-Chorus]
I fell in love with you, girl, oh-ooh
You let yourself inside, with no respect for privacy
You said, "There's too much on my mind"
Then you ripped out a page
And set that shit on flame, I quit writing
Oh-ooh, I kept living, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, ugh
I kept loving, ah, ah

[Chorus]
And when the ink dries
And the pages turn to dust, so will we
Turn to dust, so will we
Dust, dust

[Intro: Tyler, the Creator]
Ugh, yeah, how you doing today?
Ugh
Yeah, uh-huh, yeah
Ace the Creator, man, look
Casey Veggies, uh-huh
Odd Future, look
Look

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Hello, the hype is so mellow
Bitch, I'm dope, but my pipe is so yellow
The blue polka dots, pink stripes, and it's pink on the title
Nigga, fuck your role model, bitch, I'm my own idol, and
If you can't face it, my nigga, you can ass it
My accessorized accessories bring out my assets
Nigga, this sound on acid tablets
Stussy’s G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses
I suffer from ADHD
I should win a fucking award for being me
Beat banging, the tom-toms
My produce selection is fresh, nigga, fuck Vons
Ace the underdog, throw them on the back bender
'Cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender
Eating Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off
And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off
Step One: Pull your panties down and start to piss off
Step Two: Run to your radio, turn this shit off
Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help
So when my mom would beat my ass, s