[Intro]
So they ask me
"Young boy
What you gon' do the second time around?
How you gon' come back?"
I tried told 'em
"I come back like 32
I jump back like 33"
Ugh, hit me
That's nothing
This is Tha Carter II, people
This is Tha Carter II, people
Hey

[Verse]
They call me Mr. Carter, I kissed the daughter
Of the dead's forehead, I killed the father
Spilled the heart of a mildew hater
I will put them body on chill like glaciers, gracias
I'm crazy, yes, it's obvious
Going against me is atheist
I got my angels on my shoulder and a quarter of that angel dust
I ain't sniffing, I'm just pitching, your honor
I ain't snitching, your honor
Hate bitch niggas, bitches with power
Vacate when that kitchen get hotter
I just sit on the counter
Open the cabinet, close the cupboard
Put that jar in the skillet, drop a four in the bubbles
I remember being young, tryna hustle my dope
Tryna tell the old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Tryna tell you 'fore you jump that my MAC ain't broke
You ain't tryna see how far that black back lane go, no
Call me Pac-Man, your ghost is blue
I got my Red River rubies and my ocean blue jewelry
Usually I'm a hooligan for the money
Yeah, I'm eating, but I got a tapeworm in my tummy, oh
Make harm and I bomb you in public
Hit you with the straight-arm, no warning, nothing
Look, it's morning, no yawning or nothing
I ain't sleeping, I'm up tryna take a nigga lunch
You gon' make a nigga break a nigga fronts
Then shake a nigga shorts and we taking what we want
I'm so 504, you got to kill me here
If you ever looking for me, bitch, I will be here
Cash Money is an army, Navy Seal me here
Lot of niggas ran from me, but I still be here
No chrome on the Continental, I'm so fundamental
Crack the Phil', crack the roof, and roll up the windows
And my hood love me, they tell me bring it home
That's why I holler Hollygrove on each and every song
You leaping at a dog, a dog with no bark
Just a bite like an old shark
And all you rich niggas know Pa, I'm talking 'bout Stunna
He like, "Keep your dough," he got your ho
And the sun shines on the king and sets on the prince
I met the Birdman and I been shining ever since, like that

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Haha
Uh-huh
No homo (Young Mula, baby!)
I say, he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
Remix, baby!

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Lollipop, lollipop, breastses just like Dolly Parton
She ride my spaceship 'til she hit the top
That hit the spot
'Til she ask, "How many li-i-li-i-licks do it take" 'til she get to shop?
Don't worry why my wrists got so freeze
Tell a girl, "Like Doritos, that's not 'cho cheese"
Tell her friends, "Like Fritos, I'm tryin' to lay"
I can't only have one, and I ain't trying to wait
This a song with Wayne, so you know it's gon' melt
But you ain't finna murder me like everybody else
I'ma rap like I got some type respect for myself
I don't do it for my health, man, I do it for the belt
Man, I do it to the death, 'til the roof get melt
Hundred degrees, drop the roof, so the coupe don't melt
Man, the flow so cold, chicken soup won't help
We need four more hoes, we need oh, oh, oh, oh!
You know what it is when we out of town
We balling too serious, and you out of bounds
So come here, baby girl
You're now fucking with the best in the world

[Break: Kanye West & Static Major]
Lollipop
The best in the world
Sh-Sh-She lick me like a lollipop
World, world
She— She lick me like a lollipop

[Chorus: Static Major, Lil Wayne, & Both]
Shawty want a thug, thug, thug
Bottles in the club, club, club (Bottles in the club)
Shawty wanna hump (Shawty wanna)
You know I like to touch (Shawty wanna)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Shawty wanna)
Shawty want a thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shawty wanna hump (I like that, haha!)
You know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Shawty say she wanna lick the wrapper
And she gonna lick the rapper
And I just wanna act like a porno-flicking actor
I Anita-bake her; now, she caught up in that "Rapture"
I got so much chips, I swear, they call me "Hewlett Packard"
I got so much chips, you can have a bag if you're a snacker
Greedy mother-fudge cake; now, tell me how that fudge tastes
I do it for Bloods' sake—soo-woo!
Think it's voodoo how that roof do di-di-dissipate
Your girl want to participate
She so, so sophisticate, 'cause her brain is off the chain
And then, my diamonds are in the choir because they sing from off my chain
And my Nina just joined the gang because all she do is bang
Like Ricky Martin; Wayne and Kanye: pick your poison
If that woman wanna cut, then tell her I am Mr. Ointment
Tell her to make an appointment with Mr. I-Can't-Make-An-Appointment
Take my lollipop and enjoy it—remix!

[Chorus: Static Major, Lil Wayne, & Both]
Shawty want a thug, thug, thug (Shawty want a thug, yeah!)
Bottles in the club, club, club (Bottles in the club, yeah!)
Shawty wanna hump (Yeah! Shawty wanna)
You know I like to touch (Yeah! Shawty wanna)
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Shawty wanna)
Shawty want a thug (I like that)
Bottles in the club (Hey, I like that)
Shawty wanna hump (I like that, haha!)
You know I like to touch your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Why would she? She probably be the odd cookie
In the plastic bag 'bout to get crushed by a building
I've flushed out the feeling of me being the shit
'Cause I was leaving skid marks on everywhere I sit
I am everywhere, I'm it, like Hide-and-Go
And I can go anywhere: eeny, mini, miney, mo
I'm in your neighborhood, area, CD-thing, tapedeck
​iPod, your girlfriend, and she say I got great sex
Safe sex is great sex, better wear a latex
'Cause you don't want that late text, that "I think I'm late" text
Haha! So wrap it up!
Bu-Bu-But he's so sweet, sh-she wanna lick the wrapper

[Chorus: Static Major & Lil Wayne]
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club, club, club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I like to touch
Your lovely lady lumps, lumps, lumps (Re-Re-Re-Remix, baby!)

[Outro: Static Major]
Lick me like a lollipop (Lollipop)
She— She lick me like a lollipop (L-Lollipop)
Sh-Sh-Sh-She lick me like a lollipop (Lollipop)
She— She lick me like a lollipop (Lollipop)

[Intro]
Yeah
Money on my mind, money on my mind (Yeah)
Money on my mind, money—money on my mind (Yeah)
Money on my mind, money on my mind (That's right)
Money—money on my mind
So money is all I think of (That's right)
Money on my mind, money on my mind (Bitch)
Money on my mind, m—m—m—money on my mind (You know)
M—m—m—money on my mind (Bitch)
Money—money on my mind (Bitch)
Money—money on my mind
So money is all I think of (Ayy)
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Stepping out the motherfuckin' car, they in awe (Yeah)
I'm looking like a star, bitch, when you see me, make a wish
Holler at your motherfuckin' boy, JR (Brr)
Birdman my pa, bitch, ball bred, born rich (Yeah)
Dear Mr. Toilet, I'm the shit
Got these other haters pissed 'cause my toilet paper thick
I know
But trip and that 40 make a chip out a potato-head wimp
Then like ranch, I dip (Gone)
And the hustle is all muscle, just strength
When it comes to that weight, I don't struggle, I just lift (One, two)
I got my hand on the game, yeah, I make a grip (Yeah)
Hundred grand in my fist, same on my wrist
Get key money from a quarter, blame it on my wrist (Haha)
I whip coke like hoes, nigga, I'm a pimp (Yeah)
Lil nigga 'bout to rape the market
If we talking 'bout money, baby, now we talkin'

[Chorus]
Yeah
Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches (Yeah)
Get money, get money, get money (Bitch), yeah
Get money, fuck bitches
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck bitches, get money

[Verse 2]
Yeah
Nigga get it in a slumber if you know how (Uh)
In the heart of the summer, we need a snowplow
What you know 'bout that? Baby, it's your time
Coke transactions on the phone, we call it blowjobs (Yeah)
Too fast for the feds, too cocky for the cops
Had to ditch my old bitch, gettin' sloppy with the pots (Bitch)
Hoppin' off the boat, meetin' papi at the docks (What up?)
He tell me I'm gainin' weight, I tell him I'm gettin' paid (Yeah)
Money over bitches, I'm yelling it to the grave
Developed at a young age (What?), go after what pays (Yeah)
These Gabbana sunshades block the sun rays (Bitch)
I drop a car note in the mall on the first date (Damn)
I gotta get it even if it's in the worst way (Yeah)
That cake, like it's, it's my birthday
New Orleans my birthplace, you heard me?
Where money's more important than a person, nigga

[Chorus]
Yeah
Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
Get money, get money, get money (Bitch), yeah
Get money, fuck bitches
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck bitches, get money

[Verse 3]
Twisting up a blunt, thinking 'bout my next dollar (Okay)
I'm digging in the game, tryna get some money out her (Okay)
I'm so vain, it's a problem (Yeah)
There ain't a stain on these Pradas (Uh-uh)
I'm just bein' modest (Yeah)
Got me a goddess, show her how to divide it (Bitch)
She still down and she don't get none of the profit (Yeah)
Wheel 'round the city, let the tints hide me
That's a cold motherfucker, whoever inside it (Yeah)
Forever symbolizin' the grind, it don't walk to you
I make it run like horses do (Uh)
Giddy up, baby, if he got it, then hit him up, baby (Yeah)
I know it's crazy, but I can't get enough, baby (Yeah)
I love it, I fuckin' love it
I'm a self-made millionaire, fuck the public (Hah)
Ridin' to myself, 'cause I don't fuck with nothin'
Pistol on my lap on the way to the money

[Chorus]
Yeah
Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches
Get money, get money, get money, yeah
Get money, fuck bitches
Fuck bitches, get money
Fuck bitches, get money

[Produced by Infamous and Drew Correa]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yo, yo Drew and Inf
This-this, this right here is crazy
Yo I, I feel big, you know what I mean?
Like, not, not big in the sense of, weight
You know what I mean? Like gainin' weight or nothin' like that
Like colossal
Like, you know what I mean, like (sighs)
I heard you were lookin' for me

[Chorus: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Haha, you know, hehe)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (I know, haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hey, hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Shit, you know)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Hahahah)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, to you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say "Church!" I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer than Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryin' to see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do?
But I'ma leave it to God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O, and even U
Man, I got summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter than the sun
Got spring hatin' on me 'cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me 'cause I'm colder than y'all
And I will never, I will never, I will never fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason

[Chorus: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world and I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I been in and out the bank, bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear: "Wayne quit!?"
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call 'em April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, we up!
Feet up, like a paraplegia
Or paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red-and-yellow thing; old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from College Park, but I'm from Hollygrove
Now all my Bloods scream "Soo-woo" and "Da-da-doe"
I know my role and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my Libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy, leave it there
Long hair, don't even care

[Chorus: Sha-ron Prescott & JAY-Z]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Young! I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin')
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', chyeah)

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share, mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther, go further, go harder
Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy in Murcielagos
I'm far from bein' the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the martyrs
The Biggies and the Pacs and the Marleys and the Marcuses
Garvey; got me a molotov-cocktail flow
Even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The dope boy I just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, while guys just stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right: plural
I took so much change from this rap game, it's your go
(Hey Mr. Carter) Young!

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
It's my go, yeah… And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector, Camacho Man, Randy Savage
Far from average, above status–quo, flow so pro
I know, I ride slow, and when I pass
They say, "What up, killa?" Man, stop bringin' up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy, Baby!

[Chorus: Sha-Ron Prescott, Lil Wayne & Choir]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Yeah)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Hova!)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Weezy)
They've been wondering why (Baby!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hahaha)
Tell me, where have you been? (I been hustlin')
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Hustlin' hard)
They've been wondering why (Chyeah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter
Tell me, where have you been?
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And I swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze, it hurt
Fine, we'll lose two lives; yours and mine
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve

[Intro: 50 Cent & Eminem]
Sh-sh-sh, Shady! Aftermath! Haha!
G-G-G-G, G-Unit! Haha!

[Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent]
’Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let’s bounce tonight
And if they don’t let us in through the front
We’ll come through the side
’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Introduction: Eminem]
Get your ass up for the doctor, one more time
Get your ass up for the doctor, come on now
Here we go, cliff hanger, it’s another club banger
Got ya' hangin’ on the edge of your seat, get on down

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Eminem]
Time’s up, game’s over, you lose, I win
’Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Oh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who’s got you goin’ crazy again
I’m a trend, I set one every time I’m in
I go out, and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means you something that we already had
But once you’re gone, you don’t come back (Oh!)
Too bad, you’re off the map now, radar can’t even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around, just playin’ the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin’ and moanin’, whining and bitchin’
Sit and observe, listen, you’ll learn if you pay attention
Why 10 multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
Worldwide, we’re on the charts with a bullet, and still climbin’

[Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent]
’Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let’s bounce tonight
And if they don’t let us in through the front
We’ll come through the side
’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Introduction: Eminem, Dr. Dre & 50 Cent]
When Dr. Dre says crunk, you will get it crunk
Get it crunk! Crunk! Crunk! Crunk!
And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot, and jump
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre & Eminem]
The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don’t gotta' promote it, for you to know that Doc is off the benches
We keep the party rockin’ off the hinges
We ain’t showin’ off, we just going off popular consensus
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off, who the fuck is Doc impressin’?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc, ’cause Doc left you all guessin’
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (What?!)
We gon’ have this motherfucker hoppin’ in a second (Bump, bump!)
That’s why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
’Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom if it wasn’t for rap to bridge the gap may be raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Graced the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre
To pass the mic and we can play the
Back and forth all day like the hot potato game
That’s why we came to…

[Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent]
’Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let’s bounce tonight
And if they don’t let us in through the front
We’ll come through the side
’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Introduction: Eminem]
50 Cent, come on!

[Verse 3: 50 Cent, Dr. Dre & Eminem]
Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It’s no secret, everybody know
When Dre’s involved, there’s plenty of money involved
And plenty honey’s involved and sunny Sundays and palm trees
Cali, everyday is just another party
From the valleys all the way to them 8 Mile alleys
Let’s rally, hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre’s about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
You can catch me in the studio, bangin’ out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazing out your speakers
So never say never ’cause Shady, Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records presents the return of the
The Doc and Shady, no one can do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence that a…

[Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent]
We came here to set this party off right
Let’s bounce tonight
And if they don’t let us in through the front
We’ll come through the side
’Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Swing one last time

[Outro: Eminem & 50 Cent]
Yeah, haha! Still Aftermath, 2006! And don’t worry about that Detox album, it’s comin’… We gon’ make Dre do it! Haha! 50 Cent, G-Unit, Obie Trice, D-Twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre! We ain’t leaving, let’s go, haha! Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for coming out! Peace!
*People chanting Eminem’s name*
*Eminem Leaves*
*Slim Shady's Footsteps*
Oh shit! I almost forgot…
*Girl screams as Shady pulls out a gun*
You’re coming with me!
*Eminem cocks the gun and starts shooting at the audience*
*People start to scream terrified and run*
*Gunshots and shouting*
Ha ha ha. Bye, bye!
*Eminem shoots himself*
See you in hell, fuckers!

[Verse 1]
Blue and white Charger
Same color the Dodgers
Crayola car same color as a marker
Red '74 same color as a Cardinal
Fat bank rolls like I robbed Wells Fargo
Black Bentley coupe same color as some charcoal
Clear through top same color as a dope boy
Off-white Jag same color as the yayo
Pure white guts same color as some mayo
Transformer Benz Decepticon like Legos
Sixes got my donk sitting like a Winnebago
Paint like Play-Doh
The alfredo Lambo
The shrimp scampi Chevy and the guts look like egg yolk

[Hook]
Colors, colors
All my ice is colors, colors
I live my life in colors, colors
And my girls is colors, colors
And my world is colors, colors
I live my life in colors, colors
I rock my ice in colors, colors
And my world's in colors, colors
And my girls is

[Verse 2]
Benz look like Fruit Loops
Diamonds look like Juicy Fruit
See-through golden brownish coupe
Same color as apple juice
Flashy as a stack or two
Safe like da crackers do
Green and golden Chevy same color as the Packers boots
Dark and patent leather seats
Mellow yellow bezel
Got the ground beef guts painted Hamburger Helper
Amazon Jacob same color as a leopard
Black diamonds in it same color as a checker
Red and blue and white 'Bird like Woody Woodpecker
Smoked a half an ounce of goody cause it make me feel better
Chopper on the floor
Shotty on the dresser
Million dollar lick and I hope it be successful

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Brand new black Benz
Same color a ink pen
Took it to the tech shop
Sat it on some street spins
Retro Jordans same color as my painted rims
Porsches look like Seagram gin
Forces look like oxygen
Vette look like margarine when it hit the block
I named that bitch "Chiquita" then removed her from the top
Bought my girlfriend Gucci loafers and a pocketbook
Got her looking fruity like she got her color book
Trophy-trophy dosey-dosey
Jake Jake no rolly-polly
Guatemala 740 same color as guacamole
Sour cream and onions
Ferrari look like Funyuns
White and green Lotus same color as the MONEY!

[Intro]
We here
I said we here
The back of Tha Carter, yeah
The back of Tha Carter
Two, uh
Yeah
This here is
The end of Tha Carter Two, people
Hey, yeah

[Verse]
I got the game on ball and chain
I threw the key in the drain, I'm like a key in a drought
I spent a G on these frames, but my vision is priceless
Seeing through you niggas like a fuckin' psychic
Hearing through the grapevine, niggas wanna hate mine
Say my name and die in the daytime
You catch my drift, man, you better be Peyton
Boy, the heat's on, they makin' peace bonds
I'm in this bitch throwin' up the "17th" sign
Straight frowns, no daps, strapped three times
That Tec-11, AK-47, one Beretta
Ready for whatever, tell them pussy niggas, "Come together"
Heavy better, nigga, super-soaker wet a nigga
Six feet under flowers, you ain't nothin' but a petal, nigga
I'm just a little nigga tryin' to be a civil nigga
Thirty years old, shit, that'll be a given, nigga
Quit it, Wayne, your Mom is listenin'
But she ain't really trippin' 'cause the pots is pissed in
Them niggas trippin' until the shots whistlin'
Hear them bullets hissin' like a cobra at attention
I got a bitch and quit callin' women bitches
As long as she don't worry 'bout the coke in the kitchen
No preventin' the grind, I gotta get it
I'm admitted to the game, true player, no quittin'
There you go shittin' on the way a nigga thinkin'
Only history I know is Benjamin Franklin
And since the future ain't promised to no one
I live every day like this is the sure one
Trade in the tidal wave, this is the ocean
Stand in that heat 'til the motherfucking snow come
And it feels so fuckin' good
Throw my dope like a rope, let 'em tug and pull
No hope for the hopeless, rats and roaches
Running 'cross the porch, in the attic there's a fortune
Come and get it, automatics in motion
We bangin' for the bread, nigga, even the molded
I got my loaf, I got my toast
Chaperone of the South, I got my coast
Yeah, and until I die
I'm the, the-the, the-the, the Best Rapper Alive

[Intro]
Pi' 'til I die
Just because!
Pi' 'til I die
Piru
B's up
Bitch, I'm me

[Hook]
Young Money is the label, let us in the door
Coming in this bitch, all red to the floor
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
I got Bloods on stage, Bloods at my shows
Fuck with my Bloods, got blood on your clothes
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!

[Verse 1]
Once again, it's on—yeah, I'm back in the booth
Stand at the top like a tack in the roof
Still on these hoes like a mack in a suit
Still on my toes, not a crack in my shoe
Rappers talking 'bout me, but I don't give a hoot
These niggas still lying, I'm the motherfucking truth
Talk tough 'til I knock off your kuf'
And I own my team, I'm like a Maloof
They hating on me, I'm just tryna be Weezy
Just like Young Jeezy in a lima-bean 'Ghini
Smoked out my mind, baby, now I'm seeing 3D
Dopeboy fresh from my fitted to my DC's
All red, so these hoes know who we be's (B's up)
We be's Bloods—we B's
Popeye flow, y'all niggas Sweet Peas
Getting high on a yacht—call it "seaweed"

[Hook]
Young Money is the label, let us in the door
Coming in this bitch, all red to the floor
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
I got Bloods on stage, Bloods at my shows
Fuck with my Bloods, got blood on your clothes
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!

[Verse 2]
I advance my flow, and they must like that
They like it so much, they say they write that
Barking at the dog, but I don't bite back
I ain't CPR, I ain't bringing they life back
Black CBR, bad bitch on the bike back
Skittles on my wrist, yeah, nigga, the bright pack
I'ma shine, I live where the light at (You dig?)
Air Force fly, call me a Nike check
Brand-new coupe same color as the sky
The dash say 2, y'all know I'm gon' try
Cop pull me over, y'all know I'm gon' lie
They go up in my trunk, y'all know I'm gon' fry
Them niggas throwing salt all over my fries
So I'ma just walk all over them guys
Niggas throwing darts, never hit the bullseye
Young Money, bitch, New Orleans, East Side

[Hook]
Young Money is the label, let us in the door
Coming in this bitch, all red to the floor
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo! (Neck music)
I got Bloods on stage, Bloods at my shows
Fuck with my Bloods, got blood on your clothes
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!

[Verse 3]
Been around the world, rep the same thing
Been around the world, it's the same gang
B's up, B's up, flame gang
Blaat, b-blaat, blaaa-blaaat, bang-bang
I told my homie Streets, "You can't sleep on life"
So he popped a X pill and didn't sleep all night
I ain't worrying 'bout you, I'm just trying do me
Last album did two, I'm just trying do three
I am what every pair of eyes ought to see
Bitches wish they could just call and order me
My Momma used to tell me "Get a nine-to-five"
Cash Money made her say, "Never mind, I'm fine" (B's up!)

[Hook]
Young Money is the label, let us in the door
We coming in this bitch, all red to the floor
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo! (Just because!)
I got Bloods on stage, Bloods at my shows
Fuck with my Bloods, got blood on your clothes
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!
And I'm Blooded—soo-woo!

[Outro]
Piru, to Damu
Soo-woo

[Produced by Easy Mo Bee]

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G. & Pop]
Who the fuck is this, pagin' me at 5:46 in the morning?
Crack of dawn and now I'm yawnin'
Wipe the cold out my eye
See who's this pagin' me and why
It's my nigga, Pop from the barbershop
Told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
Of niggas wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
Slow down, love, please chill, drop the caper
Remember them niggas from the hill up in Brownsville
That you rolled dice with, smoked blunts and got nice with?
Yeah, my nigga Fame up in Prospect
Nah, them my niggas, nah, love, wouldn't disrespect
I didn't say them
They schooled me to some niggas that you knew from back when
When you was clockin' minor figures
Now they heard you're blowin' up like nitro
And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
So, thank Fame for warnin' me, 'cause now I'm warnin' you
I got the MAC, nigga, tell me what you gonna do

[Chorus]
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G. & Pop]
They heard about the Rolexes and the Lexus
With the Texas license plates out of state
They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown
And they heard you got half of Virginia locked down
They even heard about the crib
You bought your moms out in Florida, the Fifth Corridor
Call the coroner!
There's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower-bringin'
If my burglar alarm starts ringin'
What ya think all the guns is for?
All-purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door
And I feed 'em gunpowder so they can devour
The criminals tryin' to drop my decimals
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my cream
And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, see your picture
Now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya
Bet ya Biggie won't slip
I got the Calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
So I can rip through the ligaments
Put the fuckers in a bad predicament
Where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
Buck what I'ma hit you with, you motherfuckers better duck
I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a gun, he shoulda packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
So I can reload and explode on your asshole
I fuck around and get hardcore
C-4 to your door, no beef no more, nigga
Feel the rough, scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous
I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa come for you?
I'm not runnin', nigga, I bust my gun and
Hold on, I hear somebody comin'

[Skit]
C'mon, motherfucker
Man, I'm comin' as fast as I can
Just g— bring your motherfuckin' ass on, come on
Are we gettin' close, huh?
It's right over here
You sure it's Biggie Smalls crib, man?
Yeah, I'm sure, motherfucker, come on
Man, fuck, this better be his motherfuckin' house
Fuck, right here
Tsk, this better be this motherfucker's house
Oh shit
What? What's wrong?
What's that red dot on your head, man?
What red dot?
Oh shit! You got a red dot on your head, too
Oh shit!

[Intro]
So you made it this far
We upstairs
I let you up here
You special
Marley, don't shoot 'em
You know what this is
It's still Tha Carter II, people
It's still Tha Carter II, people
Yeah, you're still in Tha Carter II, people
Hey, yeah

[Verse]
All I have in this world is a pistol and a promise
A fistful of dollars, a list full of problems
I address 'em like P.O. boxes
Yeah, I'm from New Orleans, the Creole cockpit
We so out of it, zero tolerance
Gangsta gumbo, I'll serve 'em a pot of it
I'm wealthy, still fuckin' with that block shit
Wet your ass up head to feet 'til your socks drip
Don't slip, you might fall and bust your ass
No snakes at the Carter, tell the gardener cut the grass
I hear 'em, but they talking under masks
Stop throwing pebbles at a bulletproof glass
That's Cash Money, honeypie
We ain't running, we don't hide
Screamin', "Fuck the other side"
Don't get caught on it
This the deadliest grinds, I put your heart on it
And walk on it
The chalk's only for the art, homie
How they trace ya after I erase ya?
Look around
We at war and you still in preparation
I'm ridin' for them reparations, no patience
Slow paper is better than no paper
Fast money don't last too long, you got to pace it
You gotta know that paper
If you got it from a caper, gotta blow that paper
Gotta know that
Photophobia, no Kodak moments
Feds walls with my pictures on 'em, naw
I ain't even in the school yearbook
I don't do too much posing, got a cool killer look, ah
Career crook, get your career took
I'm back like a brassiere hook
Bitch, cheer
Camouflage gear, the hunter's here
Better play it by ear
You ain't nothing but a deer
Around here, and this here is Tha Carter
Serve it while it's hot out the pot to your mama
And Slim tell me ain't nobody hotter
But get your boy some dipping sauce, I want the whole enchilada
I got 'em by the collar, watch me drop 'em
On they head at the bottom
You ain't got to shoot 'em 'cause I already shot 'em
And I ain't got to get 'em 'cause I already got 'em
Get 'em

[Intro]
Ahem
Weezy F
Young Money, Cash Money
This is Da Drought 3, ladies and gentlemen
And you know me
Let's go

[Hook]
You know I ride for my motherfucking niggas
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
They tell me, "Don't get high" and I should try to make a living
I tell 'em I'm a hustler, and I'd rather make a killing

[Verse 1]
My eyes get so wide as it rise in the skillet
I let my bitch bag it; if she steal it, I'ma kill her
I bulletproof the ride, now I feel like armadillos
And fuck your hospital — Young Money, we the illest
And I ain't gotta lie when I tell you I'm the illest
My flow is nasty, like C-Y-philis
Self-made G, and them bitches know the business
Relying on rap, but in the kitchen I'm a chemist
And when I was five my favorite movie was The Gremlins
Ain't got shit to do with this, but I just thought that I should mention
You looking for divine and a lil' intervention
And them birds don't fly without my permission
I'm probably in the sky, flying with the fishes
Or maybe in the ocean, swimming with the pigeons
See, my world is different, like Dwayne Wayne
And if you want trouble, bitch, I want the same thing

[Hook]
And you know that I’ma ride with my motherfucking niggas
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
Don’t worry 'bout mine, I'ma grind 'til I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
‘Cause the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
And if you look high, you'll see that I’m gon' be in it
The sky is the limit (Errrrrrrr!)

[Verse 2]
Buck-ten in the coupe, and your bitch love it
Switching lanes faster than she switch subjects
Tell a bitch, "Don't talk to me
And if you're talking to them niggas, don't talk for free"
And I hate when a nigga say, "Talk is cheap"
'Cause I'm the type that let money talk for me, yeah
My flow is art — unique, yeah
My flow can part a sea
The only thing on a mind of a shark is "Eat"
By any means, and you just sardines
I got the 40-cal. tucked in my P-R-Ps
What do you expect? I'm from New Orleans
The majority of my city is riders
They tried to make a brand-new map without us
But the tourists come down and spend too many dollars
And no matter how you change it, it'll still be ours

[Hook]
And I'ma ride with my motherfucking niggas
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
Don't worry 'bout mine, I'ma grind 'til I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
And I'ma tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
Because the sky is the limit
Yeah, the sky is the limit
And if you look up high, you'll see that I'm gon' be in it
'Cause the sky is the limit

[Verse 3]
And you don't want to fuck with a soldier
Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulder
Run up in your house and shoot everyone that's sitting
On the living room sofa — that's fucked up, haha
And you don't want to fuck with a soldier
Use your head or I'll take it off your shoulder
Mail it to your Moms with a dozen of roses
Haha, now that's fucked up
And I'm a G
And you ain't got to know the alphabets to see
I know my whole city is depending on me
And I forget a lot of shit, but I cannot forget the streets

[Hook]
So you know that I'ma ride with my motherfucking niggas
Most likely, I'ma die with my finger on the trigger
Don't worry 'bout mine, I'ma grind 'til I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
Don't worry about mine, I'ma grind 'til I get it
And tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit
Because the sky is the limit
Yeah, the sky is the limit
And if you look high, you'll see that I'm gon' be in it
'Cause the sky is the limit
They tell me, "Don't get high" and I should try to make a living
I tell 'em I'm a hustler, and I'd rather make a killing
'Cause the sky is the limit
Hands up in the air, because the sky is the limit
Can you see me up there? The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
If you don't remember nothing, man, the sky is the limit

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
It's what you all been waiting for, ain't it?
What people pay paper for, damn it
They can't stand it, they want something new
So let's get reacquainted, became the hood favorite
I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Refrain: Kanye West]
We outta here, baby! We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Dude! Fresh off the plane—Konnichiwa, bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it, I did it—that asshole done did it
Talked it, then he lived it, spit it, then he shit it
I don't need writērs, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year?
They say, "He goin' crazy and we seen this before"
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga, please, how you gon' say I ain't no Lo-head?
'Cause my Dior got me more model head?
I'm insulted, you should go 'head
And bow so hard 'til your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top five MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top five MCs, you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big, you can't sit behind me

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Refrain: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, we outta here, baby!
What? What? We outta here, baby!
Ayy, Mr. West, we so outta here, baby!
And me? I'm Mr. Weezy Baby, yeah!

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I'm so bright, not shady
My teeth and my ice so white like Shady
Ice in my teeth so refrigerated
I'm so fuckin' good like I'm sleepin' with Meagan (Ha!)
I'm all about my Franklins, Lincolns, and Reagans
Whenever they make them, I shall hayve them
Oops, I meant "have them"—I'm so crazy
But if you play crazy, you be sleeping with daisies
I'm such a hayvoc—oops, I meant "havoc"
And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit
And I'm still col' like Keyshia's family
Stove on my waist turn beef to patties (Bow!)
And I ate it 'cause I'm so avid (No homo)
And I don't front and I don't go backwards
And I don't practice, and I don't lack shit
And you can get buried—suck my bat, bitch (ha!)

[Refrain: Kanye West & Lil Wayne]
We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
We outta here, baby!
Swag at a hundred and climbin', baby, yeah!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit' that fresh shit on
Wit' somethin' crazy on my arm, uh-huh-hum
And here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Intro]
(Weezy Baby)
Shh, the fireman comin'
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Uh-oh)
Yeah (Uh-oh, hey, I'm back), yeah
Yeah (That's right), yup (Birdman), yup
(They gon' have to call the law), uh-huh (I'm burnin', shawty)
I'm back (I tried told 'em)
What you, oh, what you gon' do now? (Yeah)

[Chorus]
I'm the fireman (Yeah), fire, f-fireman (Yeah)
I got that fire, I'm hollering (Yeah)
I got that fire, come and try me, and (Yeah)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em, get 'em)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em)

[Verse 1]
Ain't nobody fuckin' with me, man (Uh-uh)
He-Man, ski mask, spendin' next week's cash, he fast (Oh)
And I don't even need a G-pass, I'm past that
I'm passin' 'em out now (Yeah), and you can't have that (Yeah)
And my chain, Toucan Sam that
Tropical colors, you can't match that (Oh, no)
Gotta be abstract (Oh, no)
You catch my girl legs open, better smash that (What?)
Don't be surprised if she ask where the cash at (Boy)
I see she wearin' them jeans that show her buttcrack (Hey)
My girls can't wear that, why? That's where my stash at (Uh-uh-uh)
I put my MAC down (Yeah), that's where you lack at (Yeah)
She need her candle lit (Yeah), and I'ma wax that (Got 'em)
I rekindled the flame (Got 'em), she remember the name (Got 'em)
It's Weezy Baby, January, December, the same (Who?)
Mama, give me that brain (Yeah), mama, give me that good (Yeah)
'Cause I'm the fireman (Oh), you hear the fire truck

[Chorus]
I'm the fireman (Yeah), fire, f-fireman (Yeah)
I got that fire, I'm hollering (Yeah)
I got that fire, come and try me, and (Yeah)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em, get 'em)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em)

[Verse 2]
Fresh on campus, it's the Birdman Junior (Yeah)
Money too long, teachers, put away your rulers (Yeah)
Raw Tune, not a cartoon (Ayy)
No shirt, tattoos, and some war wounds (Sexy)
I'm hot, but the car cool
She wet, that's a car-pool
Been in that water since a youngin, you just shark food (Yum, yum)
Quick Draw McGraw, I went to art school (Hah)
Yeah, the lights is bright, but I got a short fuse (Woah)
Don't snooze (No)
Been handlin' the game so long, my thumbs bruised
Your new girlfriend is old news
You ain't got enough green and she so blue, yeah (Aww)
Cash Money Records, where dreams come true (Yes)
Everything is easy, baby, leave it up to Weezy Baby
Put it in the pot, let it steam, let it brew (Yes)
Now, watch me melt, don't burn yourself, 'cause

[Chorus]
I'm the fireman (Yeah), fire, f-fireman (Yeah)
I got that fire, I'm hollering (Yeah)
I got that fire, come and try me, and (Yeah)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em, get 'em)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em)

[Verse 3]
Yeah, riding by myself, well, really, not really (Well)
So heavy in the trunk, make the car pop a wheelie
Who? Weezy Baby, or call me Young Baby (Yeah)
My money three-sixty, you only one-eighty (That's right)
Half of the game too lazy (Yeah)
Still sleeping on me, but I'm 'bout to wake 'em, yep
I'm 'bout to take 'em to New Orleans and bake 'em (Woah)
Yeah, it's hot down here, take a walk with Satan, yeah (Hot)
Come on mama, let the Carter make you (Yeah)
Toss you like a fruit salad, strawberry grape you (Yeah)
They ball when they can and I'm ballin' by nature (Yeah)
Addicted to the game like Jordan and Payton (Come on)
Y'all in the race and me, I'm at the finish line (Uh-huh)
Been runnin' for too long, it's time to give me mine (Uh-huh)
Straight down your chimney, in your living room, it's I (Who?)
Weezy, allergic to wintertime, hot

[Chorus]
I'm the fireman (Yeah), fire, f-fireman (Yeah)
I got that fire, I'm hollering (Yeah)
I got that fire, come and try me, and (Yeah)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em, get 'em)
You can spark it up and I'ma put you out (I got 'em)

[Outro]
Yeah, I-I-I-I-I got 'em
I-I-I-I-I got 'em
Ayy, ayy, B, I got 'em
Ayy, ayy, D, I got 'em
Yeah, ayy, Slim, I got 'em
Yeah, don't worry, 'cause I, I, I
I, don't worry, 'cause I, I, I-I-I
I'ma put you out

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, hit me with the snares, Fresh
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah, just the snares, Fresh
Ch-ch-ch-ch, I like the snares, Fresh
Ch-ch-ch-ch, I'ma ride the snares all the way though this thing right here
Drum section Weezy Baby

[?] once again
What up? This is what they call me, Dutch!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Eagle, Eagle Carter man
In a '96 Regal contraband
On my way to the east to the laundromat
Got to wash that money and get on my ass
Gotta flip them bricks it be gone so fast
I got to do something I done blown my last
Dollar holler at your boy on the ave
And that cheap perico is what I'm known to have
Shit tend to be slow I put on the mask
And make it Halloween and take all your bags
I say Holly-hollygrove won't you go and stand up
And make these motherfuckers understand
I say, "Look coach they pitching at me under hand"
But I'm a designated hitter I adjust so fast
Ya'll men designing women, I'm a woman's man
I'm the Cash Money prince blow the trumpets band, and
They say they want the drugs to stop
But I'm a major set back when my album drop
I got that wet crack flow out ya mami's pot
I got that jet black four at ya mami's spot
I'm trying to get back door I demand it now
Yeah, panic now, you better pan it down
'Fore the neighbors they overhear me tear it down
Yeah it's Weezy F. Baby and his crown, the prince

[Chorus: Reel]
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own
Let's get it on
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own
Let's get it on

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And the handgun is so included
Don't get it confused I want no confusion
And keep ya ho I don't want your contusions
I make my hoes stop and let the dough keep moving
A bitch over some money is a hungry nuisance
It's money over bitches that I am going to keep proving
It's Weezy F, I got ya momma groovin'
Out of all the Hot Boys she say I'm the coolest
I bought my bag of oranges its time to juice it
This game is a bitch and I'm trying to seduce it
I floss, a awful lot of haters try and reduce it
But the laser on the 45 is eyeing you stupid
One shot to remind you who is
That fly little nigga that's behind the trigger, Wizzle
I'm off chronic combined with liquor
But niggas'll never see me like Momma Tigger
A 80's-baby a fighting nigga
I got it on my mind like a psychic nigga
I'm something you call pepper like a Viking slick
See me over the viking stove I'm whitening bricks
Or in the middle of the shoot out untightening clips
Pop another one shoot back while lighting a spliff
I do this you catching my drift
Representing with my section on my belly and shit
I am the prince

[Chorus: Reel]
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own
Let's get it on
This is my town, my home
This is my crown, my throne
This is me on my own
Let's get it on

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
So roll the carpet out
'Cause you fucking with a nigga from the royal South
See you either in or you out and if you out stay in 'cause them warriors out
Those vultures, them cops, and the lawyers out
I just open up the gate and let my hoyas out
No nigga I never call your house I'm probably somewhere taking Toya out
Not answering my phone, man, ignoring ya spouse
She leaving messages about me enjoying her mouth
Hey I'm ready to knock a boy in the mouth
Give me the name naw better yet point him out
Hey, me and the streets got a joint account
I'm from the streets that you need to be warned about
New Orleans whoa they put the gat in your mouth
And we tote a lot of iron to flatten you out
Few roaches but never had no rats in this house
Never tell on one another leave that in the house
Always been a small hustler moving my packaging out
I ever run into some trouble send them savages out
These niggas talking sweet I get them cavities out
I got graveyard fliers man I'm passing them out
Hey bitch nigga get ya ass on the ground and bow down to ya majesty now I am the prince

[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
("Fuck all you hoes!" Get a grip, motherfucker!)
Yeah, this album is dedicated
To all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothin'
To all the people that lived above the buildings that I was hustlin' in front of
Called the police on me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter (it's all good)
And all the niggas in the struggle
You know what I'm sayin'? It's all good, baby baby

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed in Bambú, sippin' on Private Stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucie B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Chorus: Total & Puff Daddy]
You know very well (Yeah)
Who you are (Money, hoes and clothes)
Don't let 'em hold you down (Bankrolls, yeah, haha)
Reach for the stars (It's all good)
You had a goal (C'mon)
But not that many (It's all good)
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty (Check it)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moët and Alizé keep me pissy, girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
I was too used to packing gats and stuff
Now honeys play me close like butter play toast
From the Mississippi down to the East Coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Living life without fear
Puttin' five karats in my baby girl ear
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Chorus: Total & Puff Daddy]
You know very well (C'mon)
Who you are (Bankrolls)
Don't let 'em hold you down (Clothes)
Reach for the stars (Mansions)
You had a goal
But not that many (It's all good)
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty ('94)

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man, I couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money-green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
Celebrating every day, no more public housin'
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps an Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip Champagne when we thirsty
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive and it's all (It's all good, nigga)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Chorus: Total, The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
You know very well (Money)
Who you are (Hoes and clothes)
Don't let 'em hold you down (Bankrolls)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Reach for the stars (That's right)
You had a goal (It's all good)
But not that many (All good)
'Cause you're the only one (East coast, represent)
I'll give you good and plenty (C'mon)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

[Post-Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
Representin' B-Town in the house (Biggie Smalls)
Junior Mafia, mad flavor (Bad Boy)
Uh, uh, yeah, aight (I see you, Cooch)

[Chorus: Total]
You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

[Outro: Puff Daddy & Total]
Biggie Smalls, it's all good, nigga
Junior Mafia, it's all good, nigga
Bad Boy, it's all good, nigga
It's all good
That's right, '94
And on and on, and on and on
You know very well
It's all good
Who you are
Yeah
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars

[Produced by Pete Rock and Poke of Trackmasters]

[Produced by Jiv Poss, Puff Daddy, Stevie J and DJ Enuff]

[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I will fear no evil, for you are with me
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me
You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows
Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Niggas in my faction don't like askin' questions
Strictly gun-testin', coke-measurin'
Givin' pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hittin' fanny, spendin' chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig-piece, nigga deceased
Muah, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Lear; yes, my dear
Shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your bloodclaat cryin'
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin', no lyin'
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big dangerous, you're just a Lil Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all
Death controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky Tarantino
Ask Nino, he know
Green with envy, the green tempts me
To make the rich the enemy, and take their cheese
Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty
Live happily ever after in laughter
Hah, never seen Cristal pour faster
And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead
Three of mine dead, nothin' left to do
But tear they ass to shreds, leave 'em in bloodshed
Incidents like this, I take trips
Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh)
Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour
Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore (say what?)
Told me meet 'em in the future later
They'll take me shoppin', buy me lavender and fuschia Gators
Introduce me to playa haters and heavy weighters
Rich bitch shit, drinkin' Cristal 'til they piss the shit, uhh
Thorough bitches, adapt to any borough bitches
Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me
Reminisce on dead friends too
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
You can be the shit, flash the fattest five (that's right)
Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit
You ain't worth spit, just a memory
Remember he used to push the champagne Range (I 'member that)
Silly cat, wore suede in the rain
Swear he put the G in game, had the Gucci frame
Before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane
I can't recall his name (what was his name?), you mean that kid
That nearly lost half his brain over two bricks of cocaine?
Gettin' his dick sucked by Crackhead Lorraine?
A fuckin' shame, duke's a lame, what's his name?
Dark-skin Jermaine, see what I mean?

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Faith Evans (Puff Daddy)]
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

[Intro: Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy & Girl]
Yo let— let— let me ask you a question, yo
Yo, would you kill for me?
Hmm, yeah
Uh, the act of making love— (Haa)
What took you so long to answer motherfucker?
I don't know
The fuck wrong with you, bitch?

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When I met you, I admit, my first thoughts was to trick
You look so good, huh, I suck on your daddy's dick
I never felt that way in my life
It didn't take long before I made you my wife
Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
Comin' to the crib, even had a set a keys
During the days you helped me bag up my nickels
In the process, I admit, I tricked a little
But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin' rich
And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy & Girl]
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
(But you know you love that ass, don't you?)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Yeah, no question, no question)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Yo, let me ask you another question)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(What?)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(You been fuckin' 'round on me?)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
(Why would I do that?)
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
(Yo, don't lie to me, motherfucker)
Just me and my bitch

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh, no, that's not my steelo
I wanna bitch that like to play ceelo and craps
Packin' gats in a Coach bag, steamin' dime bags
A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had
With a bop just as strong as me
Totin' guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet
Throwin' my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
I see my Polos and Timbos
Hide my car keys so I can't leave
A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly
She'll invite me, politely, to fight, G
And then we lie together, cry together
I swear to God I hope we fuckin' die together

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy & Girl]
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Nigga, nigga, if I ever)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Catch your ass fuckin' around)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(I'll cut your motherfuckin' dick off)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Haha)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Stop playin')
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(I ain't pl— ain't— ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Ain't no jokes)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Yo, don— don't play with my dick)

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
Didn't hesitate to squeeze to get my life out of danger
One day, she put 911 on the pager
Had to call back, whether it's minor or major
No response, the phone just rung
Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
When I pulled up, police was on the scene
Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean
Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
Stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes
It didn't take long before the tears start
I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
And I know it was meant for me
I guess the niggas felt they had to kill the closest one to me
And when I find 'em your life is to an end
They killed my best friend, me and my bitch

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch

[Skit: The Notorious B.I.G. & Girl]
Let's get started then
So when did you first start rappin'?
Um, I was like about 18 years old. Yeah, about 18
So how did you first get started? Who influenced you?
Ain't nobody really influenced me, you know what I'm saying?
I was just tired of being on the streets, you know what I'm saying? Had to get up off that, you know
I see. So where you from?
Brooklyn

[Produced by Easy Mo Bee]

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I used to get feels on a bitch
Now I throw shields on the dick to stop me from that HIV shit
And niggas know they soft like a Twinkie filling
Playing the villain, prepare for this rap killing
Biggie Smalls is the illest, your style is played out
Like Arnold on that, "What you talking 'bout, Willis?"
The thrill is gone, the Black Frank White
Is here to excite and throw dick to dykes
Bitches I like 'em brainless, guns I like 'em stainless steel
I want the fucking fortune like the Wheel
I squeeze gats 'til my clips is empty
Don't tempt me, you don't want to fuck with the M-E...

[Verse 2: Method Man & The Notorious B.I.G.]
...T-H-O-D Man, here I am
I'll be damned if this ain't some shit
Come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit
It's the low killer death trap, yes I'm a jet-black ninja
Coming where you rest at, surrender
Step inside the ring, you's the number one contender
Looking cold-booty like your pussy in December
Nigga, stop bitching, button up your lip and
From Method all you getting is a can of ass-whipping
Hey, I'll be kicking you son, you doing all the yapping
Acting as if it can't happen
Your frontin' got me mad enough to touch something
Yo, I'm from Shaolin Island and ain't afraid to bust something
So what you want nigga? You won't nigga
I got a 6-shooter and a horse named Trigger
It's real, '94 rugged-raw
Kickin' down your goddamn door
And it goes a little something like this

[Chorus: Method Man & The Notorious B.I.G.]
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
Everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch

[Verse 3: Method Man & The Notorious B.I.G.]
Verse two, coming with that Olde E brew
Meth-tical, putting niggas back in ICU
I'm lifted, troop, you can bring your wack-ass crew
I got connections, I'll get that ass stuck like glue
Huh, no question, I be coming down and shit
Yo I gets rugged as a motherfucking carpet get
And niggas love it, not in the physical form but in the mental
I spark and they cells get warm
I'm not a gentleman, I'm a Method Man
Baby accept it, utmost respect it, and
(Assume the position) Stop look and listen
I spit on your grave then I grab my Charles Dickens, bitch

[Verse 4: The Notorious B.I.G. & Method Man]
Welcome to my center, honeys feel it deep in they placenta
Cold as the pole in the winter
Far from the inventor, but I got this rap shit sewed
And when my MAC unloads
I'm guaranteed another video
Ready to die, why I act that way?
Pop duke left mom duke, the faggot took the back way
So instead of making hoes suck my dick up
I used to do stick-ups, 'cause hoes is irritating like the hiccups
Excuse me, flows just grow through me
Like trees to branches, cliffs to avalanches
It's the praying mantis, deep like the mind of Farrakhan
A motherfucking rap phenomenon, plus
(I got more Glocks and TECs than you)
I make it hot, (niggas won't even stand next to you)
Nigga touch me you better bust me three times in the head
Or motherfucker's dead, you thought so

[Chorus: Method Man & The Notorious B.I.G.]
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
And everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
Everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch

[Outro: Notorious B.I.G. & Method Man]
Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique in full effect (Yeah, what the fuck you want, nigga?)
Ah, yeah, hell yeah (Biggie Smalls and Meth-tical)
Bedford–Stuyvesant the livest one (9-4 coming at you raw)
My borough is thorough (Shaolin Island, yeah)
Recognize (Yeah)

[Chuck D]
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

[Intro]
It's the ten crack commandments, what?
Nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
Can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, for my hustlin' niggas
Niggas on the corner I ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas

[Verse]
I've been in this game for years, it made me a animal
There's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step-by-step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule Nombre Uno: never let no one know
How much dough you hold 'cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
If that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
Number Two: never let 'em know your next move
Don't you know bad boys move in silence and violence?
Take it from your highness (Uh-huh)
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number Three: never trust nobody
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodied and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
She be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
Number Four: I know you heard this before
"Never get high on your own supply"
Number Five: never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want an ounce, tell 'em, "Bounce!"
Number Six: that goddamn credit? Dead it
You think a crackhead paying you back? Shit, forget it
Seven: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely separated
Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number Eight: never keep no weight on you
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
Number Nine shoulda been Number One to me:
If you ain't gettin' bagged, stay the fuck from police
If niggas think you snitchin', they ain't tryna listen
They be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
Number Ten: a strong word called 'consignment'
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele, say, "Hell no!"
'Cause they gon' want they money rain, sleet, hail, snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, twenty-four years on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you passed
Your girl fucked my man Jake up
Heard in three weeks, she sniffed a whole half a cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go, gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up (Uh)

[Outro]
Crack King, Frank Wiz-zhite

[Premier Scratching]
(1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8
1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9
10.......10)

[Intro]
Bangladesh
Young Money!
You dig?
Mack, I'm going in

[Verse 1]
A millionaire, I'm a Young Money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual bleed
Through the pencil, and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
‘Cause I don't write shit, ‘cause I ain't got time
‘Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father; mother-fuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancin' on the bridge, pussy poppin'
Tell the coppers: "Ha-ha-ha-ha
You can't catch him, you can't stop him"
I go by them goon rules: if you can't beat 'em, then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em, then you mop 'em
You can't stand 'em, then you drop 'em
You pop 'em ‘cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher

[Chorus]
Motherfucker, I'm ill

[Verse 2]
A million here, a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair, with coke in her derriere
Like smoking the thinnest air
I open the Lamborghini, hopin' them crackers see me
Like, "Look at that bastard Weezy!"
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a mothafuckin' problem
Okay, you're a goon, but what's a goon to a goblin?
Nothin', nothin', you ain't scarin' nothin'
On some faggot bullshit: call 'em Dennis Rodman
Call me what you want, bitch! Call me on my Sidekick!
Never answer when it's private, damn, I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yeah, I ate a shy bitch
She ain't shy no more, she changed her name to My Bitch
Yeah, nigga, that's my bitch, so when she ask
For the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch!
And it ain't trickin' if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass: You ain't got shit
Motherfucker, I'm ill, not sick
And I'm okay, but my watch sick, yeah, my drop sick
Yeah, my Glock sick, and my knot thick — I'm it

[Chorus]
Motherfucker, I'm ill

[Verse 3]
See, they say I'm rappin' like B.I.G., Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at? Who that?
Who that said they gon' beat Lil Wayne?
My name ain't Bic, but I keep that flame, man
Who that one that do that, boy?
You knew that true that, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers
Than to be in the pen sharin' showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy, I got so many bitches, like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Motherfucker, I say "Life ain't shit without me"
Chrome lips pokin' out the coupe, look like it's poutin'
I do what I do, and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain — dare me
Don't you compare me, ‘cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me but they fear me
I'm illy, C3, 3 Peat

[Chorus: Bianca Bonnie]
I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy

[Intro: Nicki Minaj]
I mean, you know
It's like when I feel really crazy
I just get my broom and fly away
I go real, real far away
Young Money
That's-that's-that's just what we do
You know, I mean we-we wear straightjackets
And we-we-we-we stay in, you know, padded rooms
And, you know, and we fly away

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
I just came out of the motherfuckin' old school
Got my Mac Notebook with the Pro Tools
You bitches ain't ready for Nicki Lewinsky
Bad woof woof, flyer than a Frisbee
So I'm up in Mandalay, eating mangos
Keep a couple pink toes in my sandals
Got some bangles all over my ankles
Such a star, they singing the “Star Spangled
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-banner,” and I, I am the rap Hannah
Mo-Mon-Montana, so fix your antenna
I keep three hoes, but don't call me Santa
A-And I’m, and I’m flyer then reindeers in the winter

[Chorus: Bianca Bonnie]
I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
So I got a bad-bitch mentality
'Cause I just came from another galaxy
I be with the president up in the White House
If we in the Oval Office, then the lights out
'Cause I am the Wicked Witch, I'm the Nickster
And I keep a bad bitch on my GSX-R
But I leave her in a second for a thicker
Rockstar little mama with a guitar
I mean, I'm Nicki L-M-N-O-winsky
I mean, my name ring bells like Tinky
I mean Tinker, tell that nigga link her
'Cause I'm looking for some good brains from a thinker

[Bridge: Nicki Minaj]
Uh, thinker
Thinker... Thinker

[Chorus: Bianca Bonnie]
I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne & Bianca Bonnie]
1, 2, 3rd floor, hospital bound
Niggas is doors and I knock niggas down
Straightjacket crooked, I hear you lookin
I promise I'm hard and I swear you pussy
I ain't crazy, no, yes, I am
Right up in the cuckoo nest I land
I'm fly, now eat my bird shit
Yeah, I'm crazy, crazy 'bout your bitch
Wild animal on my bewildered shit
I love brain so I'm lookin' for a nerd bitch
It's Nicki Minaj, the superb witch
And Weezy F Baby, no, Weezy F Crazy

[Chorus: Bianca Bonnie]
I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy
I-I get crazy

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
When I do it, it get did-ed, I was fixing my fitted
Pull up in a 6 Series, she was fixing your Civic
When I do it, it gets done, 2 sticks in my bun
Pull up in a 6, hun, you was fixing to run, hoe
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh)
(You know, you know my name is Nicki Minaj, trick)
(Let's get it)
I get crazy, I get crazy
I get motherfuckin', motherfuckin' crazy
Crazy, crazy, that's what my name is
My name means crazy in cr-crazy language

[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
(Can I have the attention of the class for one second?)
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Verse 1: Eminem & Dr. Dre]
Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh)
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah)
Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?)
My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh)
And Dr. Dre said, "Slim Shady, you a basehead" (Uh-uh)
"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted"
Well, since age 12, I felt like I'm someone else
'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off
And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut; "Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg"
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off

[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Verse 2: Eminem]
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high (Shh)
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35
I smacked him in his face with an eraser, chased him with a stapler
And stapled his nuts to a stack of paper (Ow)
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship While they're screaming at me, "Let's just be friends"
99 percent of my life, I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do (Damn)
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doin' drugs and name it after her
(Oh, thank you)
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screamin' Usher fans
(Ahh, ahh, ahh)
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph (Dude, can I get your autograph?)
So I signed it, "Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole"

[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Stop the tape, this kid needs to be locked away (Get him)
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die (Fuck that)
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
(Huh, yup)
Am I comin' or goin'? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? (Go ahead)
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years and my palms are too hairy to hide (Whoops)
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks (Come here)
When I was little, I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
With a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head (Bang)
'Cause I'm steamin' mad (Grr)
And by the way, when you see my dad (Yeah?)
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had

[Chorus: Eminem]
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, who? My name is, huh?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, who?
My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, gotta say what's up to my nigga Slick Rick
For those who don't like it, eat a dick
But for those who with me, sing that shit
As it go a little something like this

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Lodi Dodi, we likes to party
We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody
We're just some niggas who're on the mic
And when we rock up on the mic, we rock the mic (right)
For all my Doggs keepin' y'all in health
Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself
'Cause it's cool when you cause the cozy condition in
Which we create, cause that's our mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this types of shit happens every day
I woke up around 10 o'clock in the morning
I gave myself a stretch, up, a morning yawn, and
Went to the bathroom to wash up
I threw some soap on my face and put my hands up on a cup
And said "Um, mirror mirror, on, the wall
Who is the top dog of them all?"
There was a ruffle duffle, five minutes it lasted
The mirror said, "You are, you conceited bastard!"
Well that's true! That's why we never have no beef
So I slipped off my khakis and my gold leaf
Used Oil of Olay 'cause my skin gets pale
And then I got the file for my fingernails
I'm true to the style on my behalf
I put some bubbles in the tub so I can take a bubble bath
Clean, dry, was my body and hair
I threw on my brand new doggy underwear
For all the bitches I might take home
I got the Johnson's Baby Powder and Cool Water cologne
Now I'm fresh, dressed like a million bucks
Threw on my white socks, with my all-blue Chucks
Stepped out the house, stopped short, "oh no"
I went back in, "I forgot my Indo!"
Then I dilly (dally) I ran through a (alley)
I bumped into this smoker named (Sally) from the (Valley)
This was a girl playing hard to get
So I said "What's wrong?" 'cause she looked upset
She said, um:

[Bridge: Nancy Fletcher]
It's all because of you, I'm feeling sad and blue
You went away, now my life is filled with rainy days
I love you so, how much you'll never know
'Cause you took your dope away from me

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Damn, now what was I to do?
She's crying over me and she was feelin blue
I said, "Um, don't cry, dry your eye
And here comes your mother with those two little guys"
Her mean mother steps then says to me "Hi!"
Decked Sally in the face and punched her in the eye
Punched her in the belly and stepped on her feet
Slammed the child on the hard concrete
The bitch was strong, the kids was gone
Something was wrong I said, "What was goin on?"
I tried to break it up, I said, "Stop it, just leave her!"
She said, "If I can't smoke none, she can't either!"
She grabbed me closely by my socks
And so I broke the hell out, and I grabbed my sack of rocks
But um, they gave chase, they caught up quick
They started crying on my shoes and grabbin' my dick

And saying "Why don't you give me a play
So we can break it down the Long Beach way
And if you give me that okay
I'll give you all my love today
Doggy, Doggy, Doggy, can't you see?
Somehow your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your jazzy ways
Doggy Dogg, your love is here to stay"
And on and on and on she kept goin'
The bitch been around before my mother's born!
I said "Cheer up!" and I gave her a hit
I said, "You can't have me, I'm too young for you bitch!"
She said, "No you're not!" then she starts cryin'
I says I'm 19, she says, "Stop lyin!"
I says, "I am, go ask my mother
And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover"

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, uh, tick-tock ya don’t stop
And to the, uh, tick-tock n'ya don’t quit
Yeah, n'ya tick-tock ya don’t stop
And to the, uh, tick-tock n'ya don’t quit
Biatch!

[Produced by Stevie J, Diddy, Nashiem Myrick and 6 July]

[Verse 1: Ma$e]
Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales, call it love or luck
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell, "There go Mase!", there go your cutie

[Chorus: Kelly Price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

[Verse 2: Puff Daddy]
I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots, rip all the spots
Rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now, "When all the ballin' stops?"
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew
That got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours?
Violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A., be on your way
‘Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square
Yea, yea, yea

[Chorus: Kelly Price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

[Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.]
B-I-G P-O-P-P-A
No info for the DEA
Federal agents mad ‘cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's ‘cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rolies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player, please
Lyrically, niggas see B.I.G be flossin’
Jig on the cover of Fortune, 5-double-O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
Platinum plus like thizat
Dangerous on trizacks, leave your ass flizat

[Chorus: Kelly Price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

[Break: Kelly Price]
What's going on? (what's going on?)
Somebody tell me (what's going on?)

[Chorus: Kelly Price]
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

[Intro: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
Ayy
Ayy (yeah)
Hey (yeah)
Ayy, ayy, ayy
(Valentino) Woo woo woo! (yeah, yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah) Woo woo woo! Yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (Bobby Valentino)

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
When I get up all in ya (yeah)
We can hear the angels calling us (chyeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (yeah)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
(Deezle on the beat) I make it say
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay) wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (haha)
I make ya say

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne & (Bobby Valentino)]
Yeah, doin' a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop, haha
She got me thinking I can date a cop, haha
Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off all the lights
She said I have the right, to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high, a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us (yeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (umm)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (yeah)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (hey) I'll make ya say

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne & (Bobby Valentino)]
Haha, and after we got done
I said "Lady, what's your number?" She said "911"
Hah, emergency only
Head doctor perform surgery on me
Yeah, and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
Then I beat it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hahah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said "Beat it like a cop"
But I ain't tryna be violent
But I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs. Officer
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh?
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Like a cop car

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd & (Bobby Valentino)]
Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya
I'm Kidd Kidd, my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big, I catch a battery to hold ya
Hands so big, you thought I told, "Pull it over"
She pulled me over, pulled me out the Rover
Then she pulled me closer, do me in back of the car
Put me in handcuffs, start ripping my pants off
All you heard over the dispatcher is...
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh wee)

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say

[Bridge: Bobby Valentino]
Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift
Cause it's on tonight
Breakfast in bed turns to breakfast and head
And I can't wait to get it on
I wanna do it all night long, Mrs. Officer

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah
My girl get in at 1:15 a.m. (Yeah)
The guitar's cryin' right now
Just a couple things that's goin' on in my life, you know?
Yeah

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Brim leanin' (Yeah), cup tilted (Yeah)
Blunt flickin' (Yeah), get money, fuck bitches (Hah)
Young Weezy (Woah), young pimpin' (Ow), she love it (Yeah)
I keep goin', she keep cummin', what you know 'bout it? (Nothin')
So 'bout it (Yeah), like Master P (Who?)
But no coward (Uh-uh)
No, I am no Howard the Duck, duck (Baow)
Lead showers (Yeah), black flowers (Yeah)
Black dresses (Yeah), two hours (Yeah)
Closed casket, uh (Aw)
My dough tactics is so crafty (Yes)
No laughter (Uh)
I do that after I get the dough, bastards (Stupid)
I get the dough faster (Yes), what if I flowed faster? (Damn)
Like, oh, Nancy, the four's plastic, automatic, I'm (Ow)
More drastic, you're no-names compared to me (Yeah)
Who are you? Where are ya?
I can't see you, you're air to me (Nothin')
You're not there to me (Nothin')
I ain't fuckin' with you bitch niggas (Hah)
I'm fucking your sis, nigga, it's Weezy (Yeah)

[Chorus: Nikki & Lil Wayne]
If you gon' call him Weezy (Yeah, yeah, y-yeah, that's, that's me)
Then you must say the Baby (Bitch, please say the baby)
If you don't say the Baby (And if you don't say the baby)
Then just don't say it at all (Shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, bitch, yeah)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I'm slick as an old mack, I'm (Yeah)
Sick as a Prozac (Yeah), and Tha Carter I was the (Hah)
Dick for you hoes' trap, and (Ah) this is Tha Carter II and (Yeah)
This is the bozack, ah (Ow), diggin' you hoes back (Bitch)
Quick if I blow back, I (Yeah), got it, gone, Rabbit (Oh)
Fast, my daddy Rabbit's at home, what up, pa? (What up?)
What up, Pac? (What up?), what up, Pun? (What up?)
What up, Big? (What up?), what up, Soulja? (What up?)
As the streets get colder, I get chillier (Yeah)
What up, Left Eye? (What up?), what up, Aaliyah? (What up?)
Yeah, TEC-9 close by, touch 'em up (Yeah)
I shoot niggas in the mouth, boy, pucker up (Mwah)
Sweet succotash (Yeah), gee, golly, what the fuck? (Ow)
Where the hell all these new pussy rappers come from? (Huh?)
I chew 'em up like bubble gum, yum, yum
Young Weezy so troublesome, what-what? (Ow)

[Chorus: Nikki & Lil Wayne]
If you gon' call him Weezy (That's, baby, that's me)
Then you must say the Baby (I said do me a favor, please say the Baby)
If you don't say the Baby (But if you don't say the baby)
Then just don't say it at all (Shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, bitch)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I ain't talkin' fast, you just listenin' too slow (Yeah)
I'm gettin' them Benjamins, can serve like the Wimbledon (Yeah)
If I'm in any predicament, nervous? Never that
Got a gat to knock whoever back, back, very flat
Chest caved in, mess on the pavement
Splat, cherry wax, rrah, bury that (Hah)
Rats, scary cat (Hah), rrat, carry that (Hah)
Hollygrove triggerman, guns in a knapsack, yeah
Area code five-zero-four (Yeah)
I am Nino fuckin' Brown and this is Tha Carter, ho (Woah)
This is a quarter, stick this in ya garter, ho
Leave out the back and go straight to the corner store (Hah)
Return with the cake, come with all my dough (Yeah)
If not, they find you in a lake in the morning, ho (Oh)
Weezy Baby, please say the Baby (Hey, hey)
If not, don't you motherfuckin' say it at all, oh (Bitch)

[Chorus: Nikki & Lil Wayne]
If you gon' call him Weezy (Baby, that's me)
Then you must say the Baby (Say the Baby)
If you don't say the Baby (If you don't say the baby)
Then just don't say it at all (Shut the, shut the fuck up, shut the fuck up, bitch)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
It's real pimpin', uh
It's real pimpin' goin' on like bitch
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You could be my bitch
Uh, uh-uh-uh
It's real pimpin', real nigga, ow

[Intro]
Yessir!
They can't stop me
Even if they stopped me...
Hahahah, yeah

[Refrain]
I'm on it, ooh, I'm on it
I'm so on it, and however you want it
You can get it tonight ho, and all night ho
I get the beat from (Maestro), a-fuckin' right, ho!

[Verse]
I might go crazy on these niggas, I don't give a motherfuck
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up
What! What! I don't give a motherfuck
Get your baby kidnapped and your baby-mother fucked
It's Tha Carter 3, bitch, better put your supper up
Hollygrove, I throw it up like I'm trying to lose my gut
Fuck is up? Beat him up like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffled up for the fuck of it, shit
Get on my level? You can't get on my level
You gon' need a space shuttle or a ladder that's forever
However, I'm better, if not now, then never
Don't you ever fix your lips unless you 'bout to suck my dick
Bitch, swallow my words, taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty, spit it back at me
Two more inches, I'd have been in that casket
According to the doctor, I could've died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches, like Magic
Abracadabra, I'm up, like Viagra
I just do this shit for my clique, like Adam Sandler
I control hip-hop, and I'ma keep it on my channel
Watch me! Bitch, watch me! Bitch, watch me!
But they cannot-see me, like Hitler
It's the New Orleans nightmare
Money so old, it's growing white hair
Young Money, baby! Yeah, we right here
I'ma make sure we ball 'til we fall like tears
And mama, don't cry, your son can handle his
I got her out the hood and put up in the hills, yeah
When I was fourteen, I told my mom we would see better days
And sure enough, I got Miss Cita in a better place
When I was fourteen, I told my mom we would see better days
And sure enough, we did exactly what I said
I tell my girl, "When you fuck me, better fuck me good
'Cause if another girl could, she gon' fuck me good"
No sitting at the table if you bringing nothing to it
And I get straight to it like it's nothing to it
Yeah, I got game like Stuart
Scott, fresh out the ESPN shop
And when SportsCenter poppin', everything stoppin'
But you can't fool me, I know what you watchin'

[Refrain]
Me! You watch me!
You watch me! 'Cause I be
Weezy, must-see TV, C3
Nigga, that's me, and I'm me
I'm me, times three
So retreat, or suffer defeat
I'm back, 3-Peat!
C3!

[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Yeah, this the real one, baby
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Uh, Chi-Town, stand up!
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh, when it all

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, she's so self-conscious
She has no idea what she doin' in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents'll look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurr
The concept of school seems so securr
Sophomore, three yurrs, ain't picked a carurr
She like, "Fuck it, I'll just stay down hurr and do hair"
'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs
Of new Airs, 'cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car, so she named her daughter Alexis
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off, now she look like Eve
And she be dealin' with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail, and well

[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Man, I promise, I'm so self-conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pashas done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that Ver-say-see!
Then I spent four hundred bucks on this
Just to be like, "Nigga, you ain't up on this"
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some Ones that's clean and a shirt with a team
It seem we livin' the American Dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self-esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss 'cause they degrade us
We tryna buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe

[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Come on, come on
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
And when it all falls down

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I say, "Fuck the police," that's how I treat 'em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes, but we don't really need 'em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
'Cause they made us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shorty's hollerin', "Where the ballers at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordan, crackhead buy crack
And the white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon' act holier than thou
'Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
‘Cause I wanna be on 106 & Park, pushin' a Benz
I want to act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past-due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spendin' before I get it
We all self-conscious, I'm just the first to admit it

[Chorus: Syleena Johnson & Kanye West]
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
C'mon, c'mon
And when it falls down, who you gon' call now?
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
C'mon c'mon, and when it falls down
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
Southside, Southside
We gon' set this party off right
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Westside, Westside
We gon' set this party off right
Oh when it all, it all falls down
Chi-Town, Chi-Town
We gon' show 'em how we get down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down
Now, Syleena, you just like a safe belt, you saved my life
C'mon
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm tellin' you all, it all falls down

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Faith Evans]
Don't go, don't go, don't go (Baby, don't go)
I love you, so (One more chance)
Biggie, give me one more chance (One more chance)
Biggie, give me one more chance

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
First thing's first — I, Poppa, freaks all the honeys
Dummies, Playboy bunnies, those wantin' money
Those the ones I like 'cause they don't get Nathan but penetration
Unless it smells like sanitation
Gar-bage, I turn like doorknobs
Heart throb — never
Black and ugly as ever
However, I stay Coogi down to the socks
Rings and watch filled with rocks
And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi
Girls pee-pee when they see me
Navajos creep me in they teepee
As I lay down laws like I lay carpet
Stop it — if you think you gonna make a profit
Don't see my ones, gon' see my guns — get it?
Now tell your friends Poppa hit it, then split it
In two, as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A
I don't know what the hell's stoppin' ya
I'm clockin' ya, Versace shades watchin' ya
Once ya grin, I'm in — game begins
First I talk about how I dress in this
In diamond necklaces, stretch Lexuses
The sex is just immaculate
From the back, I get deeper and deeper, help you reach the
Climax that your man can't make
Call him, tell him you'll be home real late
And sing the break, uh

[Chorus: Faith Evans & The Notorious B.I.G.]
Baby, here I am
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
All I need is one more chance! One more chance
I can help you find, yourself
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
'Cause you don't need nobody else
One more chance

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
She's sick of that song on how it's so longgggg
Thought he worked his until I handled my biz
There I is! Major Payne like Damon Wayans
Low Down Dirty, even, like his brother Keenan
Schemin', don't leave your girl 'round me!
True playa for real, ask Puff Daddy
You ringin' bells with bags from Chanel
Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel
Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell
She beeped me "Meet me at twelve"
Where you at? Flippin' jobs, payin' car notes?
While I'm swimmin' in your women like the breast stroke
Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke
Death stroke, tongue all down her throat
Nothin' left to do but send her home to you
I'm through, can you sing the song for me, boo?

[Chorus: Faith Evans & (The Notorious B.I.G.)]
One more chance
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
Biggie, give me one more chance
One more chance
One more chance
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
Biggie, give me one more chance
One more chance

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
So what's it gonna be? Him or me?
We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls
The envy of all women, crushed linen
Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em
The finest women I love with a passion
Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin'
High fashion — flyin' into all states
Sexin' me while your man masturbates
Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds
Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent
I'm not only a client, I'm the playa President

[Chorus: Faith Evans & (The Notorious B.I.G.)]
One more chance
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
Biggie, give me one more chance
One more chance
One more chance
Baby, here I am
Biggie, give me one more chance
(I got that good love girl, you didn't know?)
All I need is one more chance!
One more chance

[Intro: Morris Casuto, Spiro Agnew, Randy Blazak & Eminem]
What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough, if you will, to be saved, not in a religious sense, but not to constitute what this country at times calls (Yeah) their throwaway children
We seem to be approaching (C'mon!) an age of the gross (*Burp*)
We all have this idea that we should move up a little bit from our parents' station and each—and each generation should do a little bit better

[Verse 1: Eminem]
All right, come on, let's cut the bullshit, enough
Let's get it started, let's start addressin' this issue, and open it up
Let's take this shit back to the basement and we can discuss
Statements that's made on this tape and its whole origin of
The music that we all know and love, the music we all enjoy
The music you accuse me of tryin' to destroy
Let's rewind it to '89 when I was a boy
On the East Side of Detroit, crossin' 8 Mile into Warren
Into hick territory; I'd like to share a story
This is my story, and can't nobody tell it for me
You have well informed me, I am well-aware
That I don't belong here: you've made that perfectly clear
I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere
From Bel-Aire shopping center just for stoppin' in there
From the black side all the way to the white side
Okay, there's a bright side, a day that I might slide
You may call it a pass, I call it haulin' my ass
Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks
Oh, them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks
Them good old notorious so well known tracks

[Chorus: Eminem]
So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home
Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

[Bridge: Eminem]
I'd roam the streets so much they called me a drifter
Sometimes I'd stick up a thumb just to hitchhike
Just to get picked up to get me a lift to
8 Mile and Van Dyke or steal a goddamn bike
From somebody's backyard, and drop it off at the park
That was the halfway mark, to meet Kim had to walk
Back to her mama's on Chalmers after dark
To sneak me in the house when I'm kicked out my mom's
That's about the time I first met Proof
With Goofy Gary on the steps at Osborn, handin' out some flyers
We was doin' some talent shows at Center Line High
I told him to stop by and check us out sometime
He looked at me like I'm out my mind
Shook his head like, "White boys don't know how to rhyme."
I spit out a line and rhymed "birthday" with "first place"
And we both had the same rhymes that sound alike
We was on the same shit, that Big Daddy Kane shit
Where compound syllables sound combined
From that day we was down to ride
Somehow we knew we'd meet again somewhere down the line

[Chorus: Eminem]
So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home
Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

[Verse 2: Eminem]
My first year in 9th grade, can't forget that day at school
It was cool 'til your man MC Shan came through
He said that Puma's the brand ‘cause the Klan makes Troops
It was rumors, but man, goddamn, they flew
Musta been true, because man, we done banned they shoes
I had the new ones, the Cool J Ice Lamb, suede too
But we just threw 'em in the trash like they yesterday's news
Guess who came through next? X Clan debuted
Professor X (Vanglorious!)
"Exist in a state of red, black and green, with a key, sissies!"
Now with this bein' the new trend, we don't fit in
Crackas is out with Cactus Albums, blackness is in
African symbols and medallions represent Black Power
And we ain't know what it meant, me and my man Howard
And Butter would go to the mall
With 'em all over our necks like we're showin' 'em off
Not knowin' at all we was bein' laughed at
"You ain't even half black!
You ain't 'posed to have that, homie, let me grab that!
And that Flavor Flav clock, we gon' have to snatch that!"
All I remember is meetin' back at
Manix's basement, sayin' how we hate this
How racist but dope the X Clan's tape is
Which reminds me, back in '89, me
And Kim broke up for the first time; she was tryin' to two-time me
And there was this black girl at our school, who thought I was cool
‘Cause I rapped, so she was kinda eyein' me
And oh the irony, guess what her name was?
Ain't even gonna say it, plus
The same color hair as hers was and blue contacts
And a pair of jugs, the bombest goddamn girl in our whole school
If I could pull her, not only would I become more popular
But I would be able to piss Kim off at the same time
But it backfired
I was supposed to dump her but she dumped me for this black guy
And that's the last I ever seen or heard
Or spoke to the "Ole Foolish Pride" girl, but I've heard
People say they heard the tape and it ain't that bad
But it was: I singled out a whole race
And for that I apologize, I was wrong
‘Cause no matter what color a girl is, she's still a—

[Chorus: Eminem]
So, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home
Come on, let's go back, follow the yellow brick road
As we go on another episode
Journey with me as I take you through this nifty little place
That I once used to call home sweet home

[Outro: Debbie Mathers]
Fuck out of my house, you fuckin' pieces of shit!
Get the fuck out of my house, you stupid fucker!
You son of a bitch!

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Okay, I'm strapped
Get 'em
Black hat (Yeah), black shades (Yeah)
Black diamonds (Yeah), oh, behave (Haha)
No, he can't with the bucket seats back
Got the paint job dope and the fuckin' seats crack

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power, I'm gone

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Thinking of a master plan
I get money, but I'm thinking of a faster plan
I'm tryna cash it in
I got five in that garbage can
And the wrap Saran, I need cash advance
See, I know three sold, the other two a jam
I'ma sit on one and whip the other one much as I can
Hot-ass fuckin' sedan
Windows rolled down, no sound
Them bricks got the speakers drowned
I ain't listenin' for shit but sirens
I ain't tryna get to my ship sunk, fuck you pirates
I'll touch you cowards, it ain't nothing to a boss
The niggas in the hood tryna floss and ya head got a cost, nigga
Take a loss, nigga, SS 55 all-black with the top chopped off that
Catch me in the spots where the shots pop off at
I ain't tryna prove nothin', I'm just tryna move somethin'

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power, I'm gone

[Verse 2: Birdman]
See, we cooking up a thousand grams (Thousand grams)
I'm in the kitchen over the stove with pots and pans (With the pots and pans)
Triple color with the platinum jams (The platinum jams)
Fifty birds, homeboy, in the back of a van (Bitch)
A hundred grand in rubber bands (In rubber bands)
We got them birds in the coffee cans (In the coffee can)
We got the whips with the extra clips (Yeah, nigga)
Got bitches outta state, nigga, flippin' them bricks (Flippin' them bricks)
Been in the Caddy, been in the alley (Uh-huh)
Nigga been on the block (Yeah), right in front Miss Gladys (Right in front Miss Gladys)
Nigga know about hustlin' ('Bout hustlin'), know about stuntin' ('Bout stuntin')
Did the curb-serving (Yeah), shined every summer (Bitch)
Been on front, been in the back (Yeah, nigga)
Nigga roll with duct tape and ride with the MAC (Pow, bitch)
We see these haters like, "Fuck them niggas" (Like, "Fuck them niggas")
We made-men millionaire, hustlin' our nature

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power, I'm gone

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
8 a.m., open my eyes
Yeah, kick my bitch, tell her open the blinds
And I'm over the stove at 9
Yeah, I'm cookin' breakfast for the block, then I let her cook mine, yeah
Quick line in the bathroom 'fore we bounce
Not me, I mean her, she go a day an ounce, damn
Y'all pray for her
While I'm at the bus station in the Bentley sittin' low as I wait for ya
I'm gettin' dough, I'm a paperboy
I will take you for the right paper, boy
I will take her, shake her, tape her waist up
Send her to the money, she be back before I wake up, hah
Get your cake up, y'all niggas lame ducks
You probably get your game up when I'm givin' the game up
My name Wayne, what? Hot Boy, flame up
You niggas tryna change up and I'm gettin' my change up

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power
I'm a D-boy, bitch, I'm a D-boy
Ho, I'm a dopeboy
I got the scope in the Rove' for the jackboys
I got money in my pocket, I got money on my block
I got the money and the power, I'm gone

[Intro: Ghostface Killah]
Yeah, that's right
It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither
This is real shit
This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all
No doubt, seven o'clock Fantasy Island
This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man"
And this is Tony's Angels, aiyyo

[Verse 1: Ghostface Killah]
It was three white bitches who worked for Tony Starks
Undercover agents, far beyond narcs
Amazed by their beauty marks, Wonder Woman bracelets
Knee-high boots that was made by Clarks
My dick got hard at how they spoke and shit
Every language was music to the kid as if
I was modern day King Midas
Doreen, Skye and Kelly, Starky's Angels, Shaolin's finest
Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn
Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was woofin'
My Angels jetted out of Albee Square, gun out, wrap in their hair
Kinda crowded so they clapped in the air
Chased a nigga down block for block, squeezing Glocks
These mommies real angels, took one off his top
He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar
The more they ran, the more their skirts got dirtier
Sending shots like check day, FedEx expressway
Boom bow bing, you heard the gunplay
"Who shot that duck out the window", Mr. Lee said
"Three pay now, you fucking weed head"
We can stop the finest suspect, he's dead
Then I pulled up, "Come on girls to Club Med"

[Interlude: DOOM]
Stay tuned for the conclusion
Three's Company: "Family Jewels"

[Verse 2: DOOM]
Two brown sisters assisted the Villain, DOOM
He woke up stoked like they was still in the room
Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep
Release his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet
Staggering except for the socks and mask, naked
Threw on the boxers, searching for the Treo, checkin'
For the keys, the dough, a robbery expected
Yet nothing obvious was missing, recollected
Now why Hollywood hotties stepped in Giuseppe Zanotti's
Personnel nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shottie
Chasing Patrice with Thai iced teas
She drive while nice to veggie fried rice spicy
Told them both, "I don't feel so well, my belly
Spin me down Melrose, drive me to the telly
Y'all go head and get the dutches, be back, copy"
Feeling woozy, no uzi, who's he see in the lobby
(Peace) Peace, pizza man (Change a hundred) stopped and looked
Whoops, left the knot in her pocket book
Wasn't the juks but too careless fearless
Got to the room and fell flat out on the terrace
The question remains who bound and gagged him
That's when they found the empty pack of black Magnum
Villains skied a gram on the street, fifty G
The part of Mr. Roper was played by Mr. T

[Outro: Ghostface Killah & DOOM]
I'm Mr. T, fuck Charlie
Like I was sayin' (True story) I'm Mr. T
Kelly, you gon' give me some pussy?
You know what you gon' do (Janet was dark-skinned)
You too Dorine, your little fat ass can't get away neither and shit
Kristy was brown-skinned
Uh-huh, that's right, yeah I'ma call them Theodore niggas
SWAT team on alert and shit
Uh-huh, yeah, that's right, Skye you can't hide baby
You got the best head nigga, word up
The mask was chromed out
This real Angel shit, y'all my bitches
Toney Bosley in this bitch, nigga
Word up, gimme back my boots
Theodore!

[Intro]
Yeah, nigga
I'ma go ahead and murder this shit
Voice gone and shit, I think it's gon' make it sound a lil'
A lil' ill, just a lil' iller
Yeah, Fayettenam, nigga, yeah

[Verse]
Carolina blue kicks, pedal to the metal
Feeling like a puppet and the Devil is Geppetto
Letter to the ghetto, hold your head high
You can pick apart my raps, I ain’t told ya nan lie
My world a little darker like a fuckin' tan line
Go on look for a better nigga, girl you can’t find
Fine young man with an old man mind
No time for the chick who fucked the whole mankind
Aw, no ma'am, I’m an old land mine
I been waiting to blow up for a long damn time
Now I’m armed and I’m, Fayettenam’s finest
Carolina’s savior, marijuana blazer
Only on occasion 'cause my mind be racin'
Lost in my thoughts so my eyes be Asian
Thinking how these rap niggas gotta be fakin'
Whole style obviously copied, pasted
Plagiarized swag, may arrive last
But when it’s all said and done, I’ma be ahead of them
Way that I describe it, prescribe a nigga medicine
What that I be fly, I be higher than the Jet-a-sons
Moving on up, nigga higher than the Jeffersons
All about the Benjamins, bad chicks, send 'em in
Basic hoes, toss 'em out, can’t even get Waffle House
Hatin’ niggas, chalk 'em out, go on, get the coffin out
What you talking about, lil man?
My shit here burning, you not even lil’ tan
I’m ill enough to kill cancer, baby, I’m chemo
Down in Miami and I'm throwed like Marino
Get a whole lot of you know and she bald like an Eagle
No, not on top but down there
She say she want to hop on top, girl, I don’t care
You better get yours 'fore I reach mine cause then I’m throwing peace signs
If you a freak, I can take you to your peak
Girl, I do it to the maximum, Nissan
And I hope you a believer
I’m quarterbacking, tryna get you open like receivers
Far from an overnight achiever
Cole is like the leader of the new niggas
To tell the truth, I’m only fucking with a few niggas
If that, the rest of y'all niggas get lapped
I sit back and reflect on the rap game, I came from out of nowhere
Nigga, I swear them lames ain’t know how to prepare
Got niggas shouting out the 'Ville, "I gotta go there”
Boy don’t you know you get shot over there?
I say my prayers 'cause this life ain’t fair
A bunch of backstabbing niggas, hope the knife ain’t there
A bunch of temptation facing when your wife ain’t there
Yeah late at night, when I got the phone call and made a right
But my crib was straight ahead, shawty gave me head
Hit it then I quit it ‘fore she even made the bed
Damn I’m no good, but damn it’s so good
I’m picturing that body like a camera phone would
Something like Rihanna while I’m up in that V-gina
Type of chick that only dress in something that’s designer
I could give a fuck long as there’s something that’s behind of her
Got the type of bumper make a dog wanna hump
Back to the topic, actually forgot it
Hoes, money, I’m the shit, oh yeah, I’m reminded
The way I put the words together, cleverly align 'em
These other rap niggas should never be a problem

[Outro]
And I’m ghost, nigga, yeah
Let me hear that, woo!

[Intro]
"That was the warm up, that was the warm up, baby
Aight, Elite, for real, one take, dawg, and I'm up outta here
One, yup, yeah."

[Verse]
Lord, please forgive me for my sinning
I ain’t saying that I’m finished, but I’m praying in advance
Cause the way her eyes glance like they playing in my pants
Yeah, ball game
I swear the hoes wasn’t in my plans when a nigga took the chance and came to the big city
My beat machine the only fucking thing I had with me
Like Bobby had Whitney, we was cooking up crack
But them fifteen credits had a nigga off track
Picture that, best rapper since Lil Wayne in classes
The best bachelor since Bruce Wayne with his bachelor’s
But mastered this rap shit
You hear the words coming from my lips bastards
I never crack, I got that Chapstick
I practiced till that shit made perfect and served it to the people on a silver platter
Now where’s the ladder?
Cause either you gonna whine or you climb; I chose the latter
Know you haters is pissed, hold your bladder though
‘Fore you get tossed like a forward lateral
We never tattle, let God handle that
Or let the mob handle that
No Soprano, half black, half white; I’m a piano
I’m an animal, my video on Discovery Channel
I’m a beast when my shit hits the streets, these niggas cease to exist
Like a beach in a tsunami,  you'll find me in the ‘Ville
In the state of NC
Bitch, if I ain’t back home, I’m up in NYC
‘Bout that money prob-ly like a fucking robbery
But I ain’t jacking
I’m chasing dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain’t slacking
I’m chasing dreams sort of like jeans, boy, I ain’t slacking
Hey, take a hard look at my drive nigga, no hacking on my shit
I’m straight smacking niggas, straight tagging niggas
Yo, I freestyle and fuck you niggas, ya’ll be wilding and I’m out

[Verse 1: André 3000]
One for the money, yes, sir, two for the show
A couple of years ago on Headland and Delowe
Was the start of something good
Where me and my nigga rode the MARTA through the hood
Just tryna find that hookup
Now, every day, we looked up at the ceiling (Yuh)
Watching ceiling fans go 'round, tryna catch that feeling off instrumentals
Had my pencil, and plus, my paper
We caught the 86 Lithonia, headed to Decatur
Writing rhymes, tryna find our spot off in that light
Light off in that spot, knowing that we could rock
Doing the hole-in-the-wall clubs, this shit here must stop
Like, "Freeze!" We making the crowd move, but we not making no G's, and that's a no-no

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Check it, a-one-two, a-one
"Two dope niggas in the Cadillac," they call us
Went from "Player's Ball" to ballers
Putting the South up on the map was like Little Rock to banging
Niggas say, "Motherfuck that playin'," they payin', we stayin', layin' vocals
Locales done made it with them big boys up in this industry
"OutKast, yeah, them niggas, they making big noise"
Over a million sold to this day; niggas, they take it lightly
'96 gon' be that year that all y'all player-haters can bite me
I'm out this bitch

[Hook]
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Back in the day, when I was younger, hunger
Looking to fill me belly with that Rallys, bullshit
Pull shit off, like it was supposed to be pulled
Full as a tick, I was stoned like them white boys
Smoking them White Golds before them blunts got crunk
Chunky asses, passes getting throwed like Hail Marys
And they looking like Halle Berrys
So, so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sipping wine
We's just chilling, I'm the rabid villain, and I'm so high
Smoking freely, me, Lil B, Reek, Mone and Shug
And my little brother, James, things changed in the hood
Where I live at, them rats know, "Momma, I want to sing
But, momma, I want to trick (Trick), and momma, I'm sucking dicks, now"
We moving on up in the world like elevators
Me and the crew, we pimps like '82
Me and you like Tony! Toni! Tone! (Yeah, yeah)
Like this, East Point and we gone

[Hook]
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors

[Verse 4: André 3000]
Got stopped at the mall the other day
Heard a call from the other way that I just came from ("Ayy")
Some nigga was saying something
Talking 'bout smoke something
"Hey, man, you remember me from school?" "No, not really"
But he kept smiling like a clown, facial expression looking silly
And he kept asking me, "What kinda car you drive?
I know you paid, I know y'all got beaucoup hoes
From all them songs that y'all done made"
And I replied that I'd been going through the same things that he has
True, I've got more fans than the average man
But not enough loot to last me to the end of the week
I live by the beat like you live check-to-check
If it don't move your feet, then, I don't eat, so we like neck-to-neck
Yes, we done come a long way like them slim-ass cigarettes
From Virginia, this ain't gon' stop, so we just gon' continue

[Hook]
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you
Your momma and your cousin, too
Rolling down the strip on Vogues
Coming up, slamming Cadillac doors
Me and you

[Intro]
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh

[Verse 1]
Day and night
I toss and turn, I keep stressing my mind, mind
I look for peace, but see, I don't attain
What I need for keeps, this silly game we play, play
Now look at this
Madness the magnet keeps attracting me, me
I try to run, but see, I'm not that fast
I think I'm first but surely finish last, last

[Chorus]
'Cause day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone through the day and night
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night, at, at, at night
Day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone, some things will never change
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night, at, at, at night

[Verse 2]
Hold the phone
The lonely stoner, Mr. Solo Dolo
He's on the move, can't seem to shake the shade
Within his dreams he sees the life he made, made
The pain is deep
A silent sleeper, you won't hear a peep, peep
The girl he wants don't seem to want him too
It seems the feelings that she had are through, through

[Chorus]
'Cause day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone through the day and night
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night, at, at, at night
Day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone, some things will never change
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night, at, at, at night

[Verse 3]
Slow mo'
When the tempo slows up and creates that new, new
He seems alive though he is feeling blue
The sun is shining, man he's super cool, cool
The lonely nights
They fade away, he slips into his white Nikes
He smokes a clip and then he's on the way
To free his mind in search of, to free his mind in search of
To free his mind in search of

[Chorus]
Day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone through the day and night
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night, at, at, at night
Day and night
The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
He's all alone, some things will never change
The lonely loner seems to free his mind at night
At, at, at night, night
At, at, at night, night

[Outro]
Na-na-na-na-na-na, Kid Cudi
Cleveland status, ridin' all day
Cleveland status, ridin' all night
Cleveland status, ridin' all day
Cleveland status, ridin' all night

[Hook]
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubberband man, wild as the Taliban
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me Trouble Man, always in trouble, man!
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys all colors, man

[Verse 1]
Rubberband man, like a one-man band
Treat these niggas like the Apollo and I'm the Sandman
Tote a hundred grand, cannon in the waistband
Looking for a sweet lick? Well this is the wrong place, man
7-time felon, what I care about a case, man?
I'm campaigning to bury the hate so say ya grace, man
Ay, I don't talk behind a nigga back, I say it in his face
I'm a thoroughbred nigga, I don't fake and I don't hate
Check my resume, nigga, my record's impeccable
Anywhere in the A nigga how T.I.P. is highly respectable
And in the M.I.A. nigga, I'm tryna keep it professional
Cause all this tongue rustling finna have me snappin, I'm telling you
From the bottom of the Duval, Cakalacky to New York
And everybody showing me love, that's one to you all
Yeah, to all my Florida niggas, my Cakalacky niggas
My LA niggas

[Hook]
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the Taliban
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me trouble man, always in trouble man
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the Taliban
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me trouble man, always in trouble man
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man

[Verse 2]
Call me trouble man, stayed in some trouble man
Some niggas still hating on shawty, but they some suckers, man!
Got a couple fans that love to do nothing other than
Lick, suck, show 'nuff respect, but still I love 'em, man
Dig it, little pimping got the mind and the muscle
Stay down on his grind, put the crown on the hustle
Ayy, I could show you how to juggle anything and make it double
Weed, blow, real estate, liquor store with no trouble
Young Cassius Clay of my day, Marvin Gaye of my time
Tryna stay alive, living how I say in my rhymes
My cousin used to tell me, "Take this shit a day at a time"
And told me Friday, died Sunday, Wednesday in the ground
I still smile, 'cause somehow, I know he seeing me now
And so I'm doing all my shows just like he in the crowd
Ay, throw your lighters up for my cousin Toot
Aaliyah, Left Eye, and Jam Master Jay

[Hook]
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the Taliban
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me trouble man, always in trouble man
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the Taliban
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me trouble man, always in trouble man
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man

[Verse 3]
Grand Hustle man, more hustles than Hustle Man
"But why the rubber band?" It representing the struggle man!
My folk gonna trap until they come up with another plan
Stack a couple grand to get theyself off they mama land
Gangsters who been serving since you was doing the running man
Went down, did 10, back 'round and rich again
That's why I'm young with the soul of an old man
I'm shell-shocked, get shot, slow your roll, man
Still ride around with the Glock on patrol, man
I ain't robbing, I'm just looking for that dro, man
For my niggas slanging blow, pimping hoes
Rollin' vogues, 24s, let these other niggas know

[Hook]
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the Taliban
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me trouble man, always in trouble man
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man
(Ay, who I'm is?) Rubber band man, wild as the Taliban
9 in my right, 45 in my other hand
(Ay, who I'm is?) Call me trouble man, always in trouble man
Worth a couple hundred grand, Chevys, all colors man

[Verse 1]
Remember late nights earn stripes serving straight white
Talk shit slapbox clear into the day light
Might fuss may fight but stay tight
Keep what the J need 'fore the lighter hit the base pipe
If the trap was the ocean or the sea
You could consider me and them the killa whales and great whites
Before a nigga tried to click it make them think twice
Cause they knew Cap would kill a nigga 'fore you blink twice
They right. I'm reciting my life
Nigga I was there no matter what: through sirens, on a silent night
Cold Sundays, slow Mondays, hot Friday nights
Tuesday, Thursdays, serving whether or not they ride tonight
On peaceful days, hostile evenings, even violent nights
Chip on my shoulder, hold a grudge -- cause you can die tonight
I swear you niggas have no idea what my life was like
Before the bright lights and a half a mil just to grab the mic

[Hook]
Is it cause I came from the bottom to the top
Why you mad at me?
Maybe cause I Spent a hundred on a drop
Why you mad at me?
Is it cause I kept it pimping and stayed down
Why you mad at me?
Or is it cause I am the A-Town
Why you mad at me?
Is cause you a lame and I'm a "G"
Why you mad at me?
Is it cause I got love in the streets
Why you mad at me?
Is cause you know your time running out
Why you mad at me?
Is it cause you know I'm King of the South

[Verse 2]
Niggas mad cause I got it like this
Gold on my wrist hoes on my dick, my dick
But I could give a fuck about this industry
I'm a be the same Tip til the end of me
That's something you know automatically if you a friend of me
You question that or think other wise now you've offended me
I came in this game not looking for a friend or enemy
Found them both now that niggas in to me
Got little rap niggas lighting into me
Major labels and police want to censor me
Feds on my ass cause I'm in the streets
Think I still slang, listen to lame niggas who lie to snitch on me
It ain't my fault that you can't picture me
Riding in a Phantom. Man I swear I never fathomed
All the fame that a nigga can gain from Atlanta
Now I'm just trying to maintain for Atlanta
Before niggas was saying Atlanta
I was Grove Park, Doug High -- I stayed in Atlanta
Now true enough I sold yay in Atlanta
But what is that compared to contributions I made to Atlanta?

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Ay pick a reason any reason all excuses'll do
But man you lucky I ain't bucking like I used to do fools
While you was throwing one's and two's
I was lifting up tools and then
Shoot at his shoes just to see if he move
Or either bust at his head to check if he dead man
Don't talk around him cause I heard he the fed's man
They offer him time and they knowing he scared and tell him
"Give me they names or you doing the stretch man
Or wear a wire go record what he said."
And then you can tell his lawyer that his clients a dead man
A rat I'm smelling. Blow? I ain't selling
Where you got that impression? Ain't no telling
Yes I'm a felon, why was that in question?
What about all these records I'm selling?
I'm Bankhead born and Bankhead bred
And when a nigga die I'm gone be Bankhead dead

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I used to know a bitch named Eric Wright
We used to roll around and fuck the hoes at night
Tighter than a motherfucka with the gangsta beats
And we was ballin' on the motherfuckin' Compton streets
Peep, the shit got deep and it was on
Number one song after number one song
Long as my motherfuckin' pockets was fat
I didn't give a fuck where the bitch was at
But she was hangin' with a white bitch, doing the shit she do
Suckin' on his dick just to get a buck or two
And the few ends she got didn't mean nothin'
Now she's suing 'cause shit that she be doing ain't shit
Bitch can't hang with the streets, she found herself short
So now she taking me to court
It's real conversation for your ass
So recognize and pass to Daz

[Verse 2: Dat Nigga Daz & Snoop Dogg]
Now as I'm rollin' with my nigga Dre and Eastwood
Fuckin' hoes, clockin' dough, up to no good
We flip-flop and serve hoes like flapjacks
(But we don't love them hoes) Bitch, and it's like that
This is what you look for in a ho who got cash flow
You run up in them hoes and grab the cash and get your dash on
While you're chillin' with your homies and shit
And how my niggas kick the anthem like this (Biatch)

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run

[Verse 3: Kurupt & Snoop Dogg]
To the store to get me a 4-0
Snoop Doggy Dogg paged, that must mean more hoes
So I head down the streets to Long Beach
Just so I could meet a freak
To lick me from my head to my feet
And I'm here, now I'm ready to be done up
Nothin' but homies around, so I puts my gun up
Bitches on my nuts like clothes, hah
But I'm from Tha Pound and we don't love them hoes
How could you trust a ho? (Why?) 'Cause a ho's a trick
I don't love them tricks (Why?) 'cause a trick's a bitch
And my dick's constantly in her mouth
Turnin' them trick-ass hoes the fuck out now

[Verse 4: Snoop Dogg]
I once had a bitch named Annie Mae
Used to be all in them guts like every day
The pussy was the bomb, had a nigga on sprung
I was in love like a motherfucker, lickin' the pearl tongue
The homies used to tell me that she wasn't no good
But I'm the maniac in black, Mr. Snoop Eastwood
So I figured niggas wouldn't trip with mine
Guess what? Got gaffled by one-time
I'm back to the motherfuckin' county jail
Six months on my chest, now it's time to bail
Uh, I gets released on a hot sunny day
My nigga D.O.C. and my homie Dr. Dre
Scoop in a coupe, "Snoop, we got news
Your girl was trickin' while you was draped in your county blues"
I ain't been out a second
And already gotta do some motherfuckin' chin-checkin'
Move up the blocks as we groove up the block
See my girl's house, "Dre, pass the Glock"
Kick in the door, I look on the floor
It's my little cousin Daz and he's fuckin' my ho, yo
(Bitches ain't shit) I un-cock my shit
I'm heartbroke but I'm still loc'ed, man, fuck a bitch

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks
Lick on these nuts and suck the dick
Gets the fuck out after you're done
Then I hops in my coupe to make a quick run
Bitches ain't shit

[Verse 5: Jewell & Snoop Dogg]
Ooh, yeah, oh-oh, yeah
I don't give a fuck about a bitch (Bitches ain't shit)
But I'll let her know that she can't fade this
'Cause I'm doin' my own thing (Bitches ain't shit)
Down with the swang (Sing to these hoes)
I'm hangin' with Death Row like it ain't no thang
I say you know you can't deal (Bitches ain't shit, Death Row)
'Cause I'm a bitch that's real
Motherfuckers need to step back
Hell yeah, they need to chill (Tell these motherfuckers)
Because I don't give a fuck (Bitches ain't shit), and I don't give a fuck
And I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck (Tell these motherfuckers)
And now I gotta do some—
I gotta do some shit that's clean (Bitches ain't shit)
But when I'm on the dick, hell yeah, I get real mean, hah
Like a washer machine, I can wash the clothes
All the hoes knows that I'm on the flo', ho (Bitches ain't shit)
But they can't hang with my type of swang
I ain't tryna say I suck every ding-a-lang
But just the juicy ones with the tip of the tongue
And then they're sprung and with their nuts hung

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Bitches ain't shit

[Chorus: Drake]
It may not mean nothin' to y'all
But understand, nothin' was done for me
So I don't plan on stoppin' at all
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane
I'm shuttin' shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even plannin' to call
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane

[Verse 1: Drake]
Last name Ever, first name Greatest
Like a sprained ankle, boy, I ain't nothin' to play with
Started off local, but thanks to all the haters
I know G-IV pilots on a first name basis
In your city, faded off the brown, Nino
She insist she got more class, we know
Swimmin' in the money, come and find me, Nemo
If I was at the club, you know I balled, chemo
Dropped the mixtape, that shit sounded like an album
Who'd have thought a countrywide tour'd be the outcome?
Labels want my name beside a X, like Malcolm
Everybody got a deal, I did it without one
Yeah, nigga, I'm about my business
Killin' all these rappers, you would swear I had a hit list
Everyone who doubted me is askin' for forgiveness
If you ain't been a part of it, at least you got to witness, bitches

[Chorus: Drake]
It may not mean nothin' to y'all
But understand, nothin' was done for me
So I don't plan on stoppin' at all
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane
I'm shuttin' shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even plannin' to call
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Ever-ever, Mr. West is in the buildin'
Ain't no question who about to kill 'em
I used to have hood dreams, big fame, big chains
I stuck my dick inside this life until that bitch came
And went hard all fall like the ball teams
Just so I can make it rain all spring
Y'all seen my story, my glory
I had raped the game young, you can call it statutory
When a nigga blow up they gonna build statues for me
Old money, Benjamin Button, "What?" nothin'
Now it's super bad chicks givin' me McLovin
You would think I ran the world like Michelle's husband
You would think these niggas know me when they really doesn't
Like they was down with the old me, no you fuckin' wasn't
Um, you're such a fuckin' loser
He ain't even go to class, Bueller
Trade the Grammy plaques just to have my granny back
Remember she had that bad hip like a fanny pack?
Chasin' the stardom will turn you to a maniac
All the way in Hollywood and I can't even act
They pull the cameras out and goddamn, he snap
I used to want this thing forever, y'all can have it back

[Chorus: Drake]
It may not mean nothin' to y'all
But understand, nothin' was done for me
So I don't plan on stoppin' at all
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane
I'm shuttin' shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even plannin' to call
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Okay, hello, it's the Martian, Space Jam Jordans
I want this shit forever, wake up and smell the garden
Fresher than the harvest, step up to the target
If I had one guess, then I guess I'm just New Orleans
And I will never stop like I'm runnin' from the cops
Hop up in my car and told my chauffeur, "To the top"
Life is such a fuckin' roller coaster, then it drops
But what should I scream for? This is my theme park
My mind shine even when my thoughts seem dark
Pistol on my side, you don't wanna hear that thing talk
Let the king talk, check the price and pay attention
Lil Wayne, that's what they gotta say or mention
I'm like Nevada in the middle of the summer
I'm restin' in the lead, I need a pillow and a cover
Shh, my foot's sleepin' on the gas
No brake pads, no such thing as last, uh

[Chorus: Drake]
It may not mean nothin' to y'all
But understand, nothin' was done for me
So I don't plan on stoppin' at all
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane
I'm shuttin' shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even plannin' to call
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane

[Verse 4: Eminem]
There they go, packin' stadiums as Shady spits his flow
Nuts they go, Macadamian, they go so ballistic, whoa
He can make them look like bozos
He's wonderin' if he should spit this slow, fuck no
Go for broke, his cup just runneth over, oh no
He ain't had him a buzz like this
Since the last time that he overdosed
They been waitin' patiently for Pinocchio to poke his nose
Back into the game and they know
Rap will never be the same as befo'
Bashin' in the brains of these hoes
And establishin' a name as he goes
The passion in the flame is ignited
You can't put it out once we light it
This shit is exactly what the fuck
That I'm talkin' about when we riot
You dealin' with a few true villains
Who stand inside of a booth, truth-spillin'
And spit true feelings until our tooth fillings
Come flyin' up out of our mouths, now, rewind it
Payback, motherfucker
For the way that you doubted me, how's it taste?
When I slap the taste outta your mouth
With the bass so loud that it shakes the place
I'm Hannibal Lecter, so just in case you're thinkin' of savin' face
You ain't gonna have no face to save
By the time I'm through with this place, so Drake

[Chorus: Drake]
It may not mean nothin' to y'all
But understand, nothin' was done for me
So I don't plan on stoppin' at all
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane
I'm shuttin' shit down in the mall
And tellin' every girl she the one for me
And I ain't even plannin' to call
I want this shit forever, mane, ever, mane, ever, mane

[Intro: Wyclef Jean]
One, two, I'm bout to set this off!
Like this, hip-hoppers, check it

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
Another MC lose his life tonight, Lord
I beg that you pray to Jesus Christ, why
Oh Lord, father don't let him bury me, woah

[Verse 1: Wyclef Jean]
I haunt MCs like Mephistopheles, bringing swords of Damocles
Secret service keep a close watch as if my name was Kennedy
Abstract raps simple with a street format
Gaze into the sky and measure planets by parallax
Check out the retrograde motion, kill the notion
Of biting and recycling and calling it your own creation
I feel like Rockwell, somebody's watching me
I got no privacy whether on land or at sea
And for you biting zealots, your raps are cacophonic
Hypocrite, critic, but deep inside you wish you had the pop hit
It hurts, don't it?
A refugee come to your turf, and take over the earth

[Interlude: Lauryn Hill]
See, my rhymes are the type of fly rhymes
That can only get down with my crew
And if you try, to take lines or bite rhymes
We'll show you how The Refugees do

[Verse 2: Lauryn Hill]
Yeah, yeah behold, as my odes, manifold on your rhymes
Two MCs can't occupy the same space at the same time
It's against the laws of physics
So weep as your sweet dreams break up like Eurythmics
Rap rejects, my tape deck, ejects projectile
Whether Jew or Gentile, I rank top percentile
Many styles, more powerful than gamma rays
My grammar pays like Carlos Santana plays "Black Magic Woman"
So while you fuming, I'm consuming mango juice under Polaris
You just embarrassed 'cause it's your last tango in Paris
And even after all my logic and my theory
I add a "motherfucker" so you ignant niggas hear me
Crew remember take notes, as I sow my rap oats
And for you biting zealots, here's a quote

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
Another MC lose his life tonight, Oh
I beg that you pray to Jesus Christ, why
Oh Lord, father don't let him bury we, I

[Verse 3: Wyclef Jean]
You can try but you can't divide the tribe
These cats can't rap, Mr. Author, I feel no vibe
The magazine says the girl should have went solo
The guys should stop rapping, vanish like Menudo
Took it to the heart, but every actor plays his part
As long as someone was listening, I knew it was a start
For me to get my chance, grab my pen and revamp
Do a cameo while everybody do the dance
Quick now, 'cause you running out of luck-a
Playing Mr. Big, I'm gonna get you sucka
While you munching at your luncheon
I'll be planning your assassination, then hit you like the Dutchman

[Verse 4: Pras]
I compress sound sets with my rap DBX
Then drop vocals on my 456 Ampex
Bring terror to the shop of horror
As she cry, "mi amor," the phantom dies in the opera
And to the youngins who carry gadgets
And kill six days a week, then rest on the Sabbath (Hold up, hold up)
Violence ain't necessary, unless you provoke me
Then get buried like the great Mussolini
And for you biting zealots, your rap styles are relics
No matter who you damage, you're still a false prophet

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean]
Ayy, another MC lose his life tonight, Lord
I beg that you pray to Jesus Christ, why
Oh Lord, father don't let him bury me, yeah

[Outro]
Yo what the fuck going on man?
Yo kid, we can't let these cops come around here
5-O come here and just do whatever want, rob, joke, or steal from people, shoot us down
We gotta do something about this man
I was with Floyd the other day
You know Floyd the cop, he just get a hard on from just shooting niggas

[Produced by DJ Mark the 45 King]

[Chorus: Dido]
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter?
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her?
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan

[Chorus: Dido]
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't want to talk to me outside your concert, you didn't have to
But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blisterin' cold
For you, for four hours, and you just said no
That's pretty shitty, man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad, though I just don't like bein' lied to
Remember when we met in Denver?
You said if I'd write you, you would write back
See, I'm just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put 'em on
‘Cause I don't really got shit else
So that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo with your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
It's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you ‘cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous 'cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me, man, I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose
Sincerely yours, Stan—P.S. We should be together too

[Chorus: Dido]
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
It's been six months, and still no word—I don't deserve it?
I know you got my last two letters, I wrote the addresses on 'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive?
You know the song by Phil Collins, "In the Air of the Night"
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin'
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him?
That's kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin'
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now—I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together—think about it!
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it
I hope your conscience eats at you and you can't breathe without me
See, Slim—shut up, bitch! I'm tryin' to talk
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up—see? I ain't like you
‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh, shit, I forgot—how am I supposed to send this shit out?!

[Chorus: Dido]
My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I
Got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she?
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph for your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must've missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too?
I say that shit just clownin', dawg, come on, how fucked up is you?
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin' off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together?
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter, I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news a couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk, and she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was—it was you

[Outro]
Damn…

[Produced by Dr. Dre & Mel-Man]

[Intro]
When I was just a little baby boy
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothin' I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was

[Verse 1]
They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more (Ahh)
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til them vocal cords don't work in her throat no more? (Ahh)
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playing
Thinkin' I'm sayin' this shit 'cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it (Ahh)
Put your hands down, bitch—I ain't gon' shoot you
I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you (Ahh)
Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut—okay, Ma?
"Oh, now he's rapin' his own mother
Abusin' a whore, snortin' coke
And we gave him the Rollin' Stone cover?"
You're goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious
Vain Vicodin, *vrin vrin vrin!*
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts

[Pre-Chorus]
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me

[Chorus]
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you (Ah, ha-ha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you

[Verse 2]
Bitch, I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't "acid rap," but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint?
No, just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No, Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again, then if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth
Bitch, I'ma kill you! I ain't done, this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it
Three or four times in a tub, but that's normal, ain't it, Norman?
Serial killer hidin' murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds and we want in yours: let us in

[Pre-Chorus]
Or I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me

[Chorus]
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you (Ah, ha-ha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you

[Verse 3]
Know why I say these things?
'Cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem, I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
These 80 G's a week to say the same things tweece
Twice, whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots, I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with 'em 'cause their ratings stink
Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to outta school
I don't even believe in breathing
I'm leavin' air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got the machete from O. J.​
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
You faggots keep eggin' me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you
You hear me? Answer me!

[Pre-Chorus]
Or I'ma kill you! You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you!

[Chorus]
You don't wanna fuck with Shady ('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you (Ah, ha-ha)
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady (Why not?)
'Cause Shady will fuckin' kill you

[Outro]
Ha-ha-ha, I'm just playin', ladies
You know I love you

[Produced by Lil Jon]

[Intro: Usher & Lil Jon]
Peace up, A-Town down
Yeah, yeah! Okay, okay!
Usher (Usher, Usher, Usher, Usher)
Lil Jon
Let's go!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Let's go!

[Verse 1: Usher & Lil Jon]
I was up in the club with my homies
Tryna get a lil' V-I
Keep it down on the low-key (Low-key)
'Cause you know how it feels (Hey!)
I seen shoawty, she was checkin' up on me
From the game she was spitting in my ear
You would think that she know me (Know me)
I decided to chill (Okay!)
Conversation got heavy (Hey!)
She had me feeling like she's ready to blow (Watch out!)
Ohh! (Watch out)
She's saying, "Come get me" (Come get me)
So I got up and followed her to the floor
She said, "Baby, let's go"
When I told her (Let's go!), I said

[Chorus: Usher & Lil Jon]
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Shawty got down low, she said, "come and get me"
(Yeah!) Yeah!
I got so caught up, I forgot she told me
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Her and my girl, they used to be the best of homies
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Next thing I knew, she was all up on me, screaming
Yeah (Yeah!) yeah (Yeah!) yeah, yeah!
Yeah (Yeah!) yeah (Yeah!) yeah, yeah!

[Verse 2: Usher & Lil Jon]
So she's all up in my head now, got me thinking
That it might be a good idea to take her with me
'Cause she's ready to leave (Ready to leave now) (Let's go!)
And I got to keep it real now
'Cause on a one to ten, she's a certified twenty
But that just ain't me (Hey!)
'Cause I don't know, if I take that chance
Just where's it gonna lead?
But what I do know is the way she dance
Make shorty alright with me
The way she get low
I'm like, yeah, just work that out for me
She asks for one more dance, and I'm like, yeah
How the hell am I supposed to leave?
(Let's go, bring the beat back!) And I say

[Chorus: Usher & Lil Jon]
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Shawty got down low, she said, "come and get me"
(Yeah!) Yeah!
I got so caught up, I forgot she told me
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Her and my girl, they used to be the best of homies
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Next thing I knew, she was all up on me, screaming
Yeah (Yeah!) yeah (Yeah!) yeah, yeah!
Yeah (Yeah!) yeah (Yeah!) yeah, yeah!
(Hey! Hey! Luda!)

[Verse 3: Ludacris & Lil Jon, Both]
Watch out, my outfit's ridiculous
In the club, looking so conspicuous
And *"roar!"*, these women all on the prowl
If you hold the head steady, I'ma milk the cow (Yeah!)
And forget about game, I'ma spit the truth (What?)
I won't stop 'til I get 'em in their birthday suit (Yeah!)
So gimme the rhythm and it'll be off with their clothes
Then bend over to the front, and touch your toes
I left the Jag and I took the Rolls
If they ain't cutting, then I put 'em on foot patrol (Let's go!)
How you like me now?
When my pinky's valued over three hundred thousand
Let's drink, you the one to please (Yeah!)
Ludacris fill cups like double D's (Yeah!)
Me and Ursh' once more, and we leaves 'em dead
We want a lady in the street, but a freak in the bed, that say

[Chorus: Usher & Lil Jon]
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Shawty got down low, she said, "come and get me"
(Yeah!) Yeah!
I got so caught up, I forgot she told me
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Her and my girl, they used to be the best of homies
(Yeah!) Yeah!
Next thing I knew, she was all up on me, screaming
Yeah (Yeah!) yeah (Yeah!) yeah, yeah!
Yeah (Yeah!) yeah (Yeah!) yeah, yeah!

[Outro: Ludacris]
Take that and rewind it back
Lil Jon got the beat that make your booty go (Clap)
Take that, rewind it back
Ursher got the voice make your booty go (Clap)
Take that, rewind it back
Ludacris got the flow to make your booty go (Clap)
Take that, rewind it back
Lil Jon got the beat that make your booty go (Clap)

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Uh-huh
Um, uh-huh
Okay

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Hello mothafucka, hey, hi, how ya durrn'?
It's Weezy F Baby, come to take a shit and urine
On these toilet bowl bitches, pussy ass niggas
Stomping on this beat like a motherfucking Sigma
Bad to the bristle, hat to the rizzle
I'm so official, all I need is a whistle
Bitch named Crystal, let her suck my pistol
She open up her mouth and then I blow her brains out
You ain't met a nigga like me, you probably never will
Riders rollin' with me, like 11 wheels
Find out where you livin', kill you in the kitchen
The feds tryin' to clip us, but we ain't even trippin'

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
Bitch I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard

[Verse 2: Drake]
First off, you know what it is if you heard Drake
Making hoes wobble like a bridge in a earthquake
Never see me out 'cause I live in my workplace
I'll give you the business, so button up your shirt straight
Look at where I landed, you would think I planned it
I'm just doing me and you could never understand it
Chicks get hammered, big-dicked bandit
Money flowin' like a slit wrist, no bandage
Blowin' purple clouds, nigga I'm so sky high
I ain't cuttin' anybody slices out of my pie
Out of this world though, I'm so sci-fi
And I don't sit still, I keep it moving like a drive-by
I just tell the truth and so I'm cool in every hood spot
21 years and I ain't ever met a good cop
Me and Wayne lean like Kareem doin' hook shots
Cover me, I'm goin' in, and buckin' when the hook drop

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
Bitch I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard

[Verse 3: Young Jeezy]
It goes, hold up, wait one motherfuckin' minute
It's the El Capitan, I got motherfuckin' lieutenants
And if I said "I'm goin' in" then I motherfuckin' meant it
And if I brought it in the club then I'ma motherfuckin' spend it
Cost a few hundred bands and I'm motherfuckin' in it
No need for a room, yeah you know I'm fuckin' in it
She actin' like she not, but she know she fuckin' wit it
She said "I seen it all", I say "No you fuckin' didn't"
You ever bust ten nuts in a two-seater?
She said "I can't feel my legs", I'm like "Bitch, me neither"
I'm goin' in, where should I begin?
I don't even know, maybe where my blunt ends
And I'ma be a legend even when my life end
And I'ma be a legend even when this night ends
Yeah I do my thang, hop up out it like BEM!
Bitch, I said I'm him, so I'm nothin' like them

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
Bitch I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
I'm goin' in, I'm goin' in
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard
And I'ma go hard, and I'ma go hard

[Verse 1]
Uh
I'm just so far gone
October's own
Please leave me alone
Drunk off champagne
Screamin' in the phone
See my house is not a home
Fuck is going on?
Where did we go wrong?
Where do we belong?
Caught up in the game and it's one I can't postpone
Meanin' if it rains, I'm the one it's rainin' on
When my diamond chain is on, still nothin' set in stone
Women borrow sweaters that I spray with my cologne
And tell me don't forget 'em and I promise that I won't
Feelin' so distant from everyone I've known
To make everybody happy I think I would need a clone
Places we get flown, parties that we've thrown
I've done more for this city than these rappers that have blown
It's only been three years
Look at how I've grown
I'm just in my zone
I call this shit the calm
Yeah, but I'm the furthest thing from calm
Dedicated to my mom and I swear my word is bond
Everything will be okay and it won't even take that long
You can see it in my face or even read it on my palm
Leader of the new school, it's proven and it's known
I'm sittin' in a chair but in the future it's a throne
I know you like to worry, it'll be better if you don't 'cause

[Break]
You know everything gon' be all right, I promise
I apologize to you know, put y'all in this position, vent to y'all but
40 Mama always say don’t ask permission
Just ask forgiveness you know so uh, forgive me, yeah, yeah
Say

[Verse 2]
Uh
And life is so insane
Look what I became trying to make a name
All my first dates are interrupted by my fame
Because every picture taken is a fan that you can gain
They love it when you smile, unaware that it's a strain
It's a curse you gotta live with when you born to entertain
Women need attention, therefore, women will complain
Develop hatred for men and say that you're the one to blame
Tryin' to enjoy myself with Tez in Miami at the game
I just wish he knew how much it really weighed like Dwayne
It's a weight that's on my chest whoever spotting me is playing
So I'm lifting all alone trying not to get a sprain
Hoping Western Union doing currency exchange
'Cause my dad called and got me feeling guilty and ashamed
Like, how I had a Rolls and I went and got a Range
And he paying for his cigarettes with dollars and some change
Damn, and I can only feel his pain
'Cause in Memphis, Tennessee there's only so much to attain
So I'm filling out the form at the counter once again
He say he love me, I just hope he doesn't say that shit in vain
I'm why your girl heart is in a sling
Call me "Heartbreak Drake", I'm the hardest one to tame
As a man, I'm just honest, as an artist I'm a king
With my own set of problems that be sitting on my brain
Yeah, and see, this is the thang
What they viewing as bragging is the way that I maintain
The shit I write while staring out the window of a plane
Is the single-handed reason I remain me, yeah

[Outro]
Uh
I said I call this shit the calm
But I’m the furthest thing from calm
Swear I’m putting on
But they always wanna ask what type of act you putting on, like
Man

[Produced by Carlos "6 July" Broady and Nashiem Myrick]

[Intro]
The Commission:
Uncle Paulie
P. Diddy
Cease-A-Leo Degenaro (Yeahhh)
Charli Baltimore, Iceberg Slim
The most shady, Frankie Baby
We here (Do you know what beef is?)
We ain't goin' nowhere (Do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh (Ask yourself, do you know what beef is?)
Uh-uh, uhh

[Verse 1]
Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G
I put my key, you put your key in, money we'll be seein'
Will reach the fuckin' ceiling (Check, check it)
My Calico been cocked, this rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop-top-notch, playa-hatin' gon' stop
This instant, rappers too persistent
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste
Like ass when you speak it, see me in the streets
Your jewelry? You can keep it, that be our little secret
See me (Uh), B that is, I that is, Gee-whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin' kidnap kids? (Uh)
Fuck 'em in they ass, throw 'em over the bridge? (Ooh)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (What?)
Fuck that "beef" shit, that shit is played out (Played out)
Y'all got the gall, all I make is one phone call
All y'all disappear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed (Huh), I don't feel sorrow
Actually, your man passed the Gat to me, now check this

[Chorus]
What's beef?
Beef is when you need two Gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time
What's beef?
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it

[Verse 2]
I done smoked with the best of 'em (Uh-huh)
Shot at the rest of 'em (Uh-huh)
Was about a hundred or more, maybe less of 'em
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be
Wildin' on you, just be stylin' on you (You so crazy)
And I tried to warn you, but your eyes fucked up
Now I cleared them shits with hits
You on the fuckin' bench (Mmm)
Pardon my French but, uh, sometimes I get kind of
Peeved at these weak MCs (Don't stop)
With the supreme baller-like lyrics
I call 'em like I see 'em, G
Y'all niggas sound like me (Yeah)
Y'all was grimy in the early 90s, far behind me
It ain't hard to find me
Number one with the booyaka (Booyaka)
Give me the Remy and the chronic, ain't no tellin' what I do to ya (I do to ya)
It's obvious the game's new to ya (New to ya)
Take them ends you make (Ehehe)
And spend 'em on a tutor, hah, one shot, I'm through with ya

[Chorus]
What's beef?
Beef is when you need two Gats to go to sleep (Don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (Ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU (I see you), one more time
What's beef? (What's beef)
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (Thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it (I see you)

[Verse 3]
There'll be nothin', there'll be nothin' but smooth sailin' (Sailin')
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailin' (Bailin')
All I got is heat and tough talk for you (Uh-huh)
Tie you up, cut your balls off just for you (Oooh)
Man, listen, straight torture
Look what that slick shit bought ya
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Christopher
Watch me Set It Off like Vivica
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (Uh-huh)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold: your soul's risen
It's bad 'cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad, I was havin' fun (Ahaha!)

[Chorus]
What's beef? (What's beef?)
Beef is when you need two Gats to go to sleep (Don't sleep)
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (Ain't safe) Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time (I see you)
What's beef? (What's beef?)
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than 30 deep (30 deep)
Beef is when I see you (I see you)
Guaranteed to be in ICU, and I'm through

[Outro]
(Yeah, and I'm through)
Uhhh, uhhh
The life after
(Now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?)
Life after
(Then ask yourself)
Uhh (Do you really, want beef?)
Life after...
(Ahahaha! Yeah, I like that)
(Big Nash, Hitmen baby, on and on and on and on)
(Bad Boy)
(Y'all know what it is)
(Shit, I don't want no beef, ahaaa!)
Now if I see it in my dreams
Is it for real? Somebody tell me what it means
Sometimes it ain't really what it seems
Cause this could all really be a dream
Is it a dream? Is it a dream?
Am I living what I'm seeing in my sleep?
Or is my imagination tripping off some weed?
Is this all the shit I really need?
In my dream, is this a dream?
Will my dreams make it past here?
Or will I always try to do better than last year?
I'm not afraid of what the future brings
But this a dream, a vivid dream, it's in my dreams
I already see it in my dreams

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Biatch!
Eeeh, wha'ppen nuh baby
You look good inna ya car, eeh
Longtime mi watch ya and mi wah chat to ya
And ya a gwaan like ya nuh wah chat to me
So wha'ppen Dre, tell 'em weh di fuck a gwaan nuh

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Creepin' down the back street on D's
I got my Glock cocked 'cause niggas want these
No soon as I said it, seems I got sweated
By some nigga with a TEC-9 tryin' to take mine
You wanna make noise? Make noise
I make a phone call, my niggas comin' like the Gotti boys
Bodies bein' found on Greenleaf
With their fuckin' heads cut off, motherfucker, I'm Dre
So listen to the play-by-play, day-by-day
Rollin' in my four with sixteen switches
And got sounds for the bitches
Clockin' all the riches, got the hollow points for the snitches
So won't you just walk on by? 'Cause I'm too hard to lift
And no, this ain't Aerosmith
It's the motherfuckin' D-R-E from the CPT
On a rhymin' spree, a straight G
Hop back, as I pop my top, you trip
I let the hollow points commence to pop, pop, pop
Yeah, 'cause if it don't stop
I'll have to put my shit in reverse, go back and take another spot
'Cause I'm—

[Pre-Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
Rollin' in my six-four
What all the niggas sayin'?

[Chorus: Jewell & Ruben Cruz, Dr. Dre]
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the niggas sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre, Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Just another motherfuckin' day for Dre, so I'll begin like this
No medallions, dreadlocks or black fists
It's just that gangsta glare with gangsta raps
That gangsta shit makes a gangs of snaps, uh
Word to the motherfuckin' streets
And word to these hyped-ass lyrics and dope beats
That I hit you with, that I get you with
As I groove in my four on D's, hittin' the switches
Bitches, relax, while I get my proper swerve on
Bumpin' like a motherfucker, ready to get my serve on
But before I hit the dope spot
Gotta get the chronic, the Rémy Martin and my soda pop
Now I'm smellin' like Indonesia
Bus stop full of fly bitches and skeezers
On my dick 'cause my four on hit
Pancake, front and back, side to side, and all that shit
So when I crawl, I comes correct
Now if your bitch in my shit, it's your bitch you check, nigga
Now let the Chevrolet slide
As I dip and make a trip to the south side, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
Rollin' in my six-four
What all the bitches sayin'?

[Chorus: Jewell & Ruben Cruz, Dr. Dre]
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (What all the motherfuckin' bitches sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride (Know what I'm sayin'?)
Swing down, sweet chariot, stop and let me ride

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre, Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Check this out
The sun went down when I hit Slauson
On my way to the strip, now I'm just flossin'
Checkin' my rearview 'cause niggas, they will do
Jack moves, black fools 'cause I smack fools
Tryin' to set me up for a two-eleven
Fuck around and get caught up in a one-eight-seven
But I don't represent no gangbang
Some niggas like lynchin', but I just watch 'em hang
So on and so on, why don't you let me roll on?
I remember back in the days when I used to have to get my stroll on
Didn't nobody wanna speak
Now everybody peepin' out they window when they hear me beatin' up the street
Is it Dre? Is it Dre?
That's what they say every single motherfuckin' day
Yo, but I ain't trippin', I'm just kickin' it
While my D's keep spinnin' and these hoes keep grinnin' I'll be—

[Pre-Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
Rollin' in my six-four
What everybody sayin'?

[Outro: Jewell & Ruben Cruz, Parliament-Funkadelic, Dr. Dre]
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (What everybody sayin'?)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride (Hell yeah)
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride
Swing down (Swing down), sweet chariot, stop (I wanna ride) and let me ride

[Intro: Lil Wayne & Mannie Fresh]
Okay, um, finally perfect, you know? (This, this, this, this, this)
Y'all already know what it is, and if you don't (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) (This, this, this, this, this)
Then the great Mannie Fresh will enlighten you

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yes, it is!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (That's what you better do!)
Because this is the Carter (That's what it is!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So ching)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Brim low, all I can see is the floor, come on!)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Well I got it, don't worry, I got it, I got it, aye)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Who am I? Young Wizzle, for shizzle
Flow sicker than a third floor in hospitals
Uh, my charm Starburst, my watch Skittles
I'm hot sizzle, "what up, hot bizzle?"
Holla at a player, I'm sorta like BD
Y'all can't stop my dribble, or block the lay-ups
Soft top the coupe, mami pop her, too
Don't chase the feeling, baby girl, let it come to you
Remove the ceiling on the girl, now she comfortable
I'm a world-class G, mami, fuck with dude
I got La-Z-Boy bank: that's comfort loot
I'm a offensive coordinator: run and shoot
You watch your grill, what you ought to do
'Fore your ribs get barbecued
And my ribs is showing I say I'm starving, dude
This, this, this, this, this is the Carter, dude
What up, Reel? Come on

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yeah!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (Yeah!)
Because this is the Carter (Yeah!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (Come on)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Lean, I'm flyer than a motherfucking pelican right now)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Don't get this shit twisted, motherfucker)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I'm the Birdman, Birdman Jr., bitch
I be high in the sky, shit on you and your bitch
I be flyer than your guy, you need to lose the prick
Now if you follow everything, just grab a wing and we could shh
All the way down to the mall and bet I buy it all
Young Mar, picture the broad lick
All the way down to the balls, then she wipe it off
If getting money is wrong, I ain't right at all
I Young Money a car, I just write it off
I'm the boss of my own shit, I'm my own clique
I would say "fuck you," but go and get your own dick
Get your game up, boy, hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
Get your game up, boy, hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter, yeah!

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yes, it is!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (That's what you better do!)
Because this is the Carter (That's what it is!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So chingy)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Colder than the motherfucking North Pole, nigga)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (And I'm slicker than the shit I told your bitch last night)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
And y'all better blame Baby
'Cause he's the motherfucker that made me, and I'm crazy?
And y'all ask why I never left the Navy
'Cause he's the motherfucker that pay me, is you crazy?
Young, Young, Young Wizzle, baby
Give you your issue, Nina wanna kiss you
No, no, no, me no want no bullshit
So, so stop baller-blocking 'cause a nigga hood rich
And I floss every day because I could, bitch
So holla at your boy 'cause I'm still on some hood shit
Like, like, like, what's really good with your mom or your little boy?
And your sister looking good, shit, shit
I'm still Apple Eagle Weezle
1-7 Hollygrove, never, ever leave you
I got y'all waiting on my sequel
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter, people

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yes, it is!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (That's what you better do!)
Because this is the Carter (That's what it is!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So chingy)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter ('Bout to head all the way to the ground, motherfucker, fuck you!)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (I can't see shit but the shoes on my feet, Baby, run it over)
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (That's private)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yeah!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (Yeah!)
Because this is the Carter (Don't get it twisted), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So ching)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Nigga, my diamonds got diamonds, I ain't bullshitting, what's good?)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Squad! My hoes got hoes, for real)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
You're murkin' 'em! Uh, uh, Mannie Fresh, yeah
Murkin' 'em, uh, uh, Mannie Fresh, yeah
Murderin' 'em, yeah, yeah, Mannie Fresh, yeah
Murkin' 'em, yeah, yeah
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this

[Intro]
Astaghfirullah, yeah!
Yeah, this one right here, ha
I dedicate this one right here
To everybody out there…
Ya dig?
Check it out

[Verse 1]
Now I ain't trying to be the greatest—
I used to hate hip-hop, yup, because the women degraded
But Too $hort made me laugh, like a hypocrite I played it
A hypocrite, I stated, though I only recited half
Omitting the word "bitch"– cursing, I wouldn't say it
Me and Dog couldn't relate, till a bitch I dated
Forgive my favorite word for hers and hers alike
But I learned it from a song I heard and sort of liked
Yeah, further, ice and glamorized drug dealing was appealing
But the block club kept it from in front of our building
Gangsta rap-based filmings became the building blocks
For children with leaking ceilings catching drippings with pots
Coupled with compositions from Pac
Nas' It Was Written, intermixed with my realities and feelings
Living conditions, religion, ignorant wisdom, and artistic vision
I began to jot, tap the world, and listen
It dropped

[Hook 1]
My mom can't feed me, my boyfriend beats me
I have sex for money, the hood don't love me
The cops wanna kill me, this nonsense built me
And I got no place to go
They bomb my village, they call us killers
Took me off they welfare, can't afford they health care
My teacher won't teach me, my master beats me
And it hurts me soul

[Verse 2]
I had a ghetto boy bop, a Jay-Z boycott
'Cause he said that he never prayed to God, he prayed to Gotti
I'm thinking "Golly, God guard me from the ungodly"
But by my 30th watching of Streets is Watching
I was back to giving props again, and that was bothering
'Bout as uncomfortable as an untouchable touching you
The theme songs that niggas hustle to seemed wrong
But these songs was coming true
And it was all becoming cool
I found a condom on the ground that Johns would cum into
And thought; what constitutes a prostitute
Is the pursuit of profit, then they drop it
The homie in a suit pat her on the butt, then rock it
It seems I was seeing the same scene adopted
Prevalent in different things
With the witnesses indifferent to stop it
They said "Don't knock it, mind your business"
His business isn't mine and that nigga pimping, got it

[Hook 2]
They took my daughter, we ain't got no water
I can't get hired, their cross on fire
We all got suspended, I just got sentenced
So I got no place to go
They threw down my gang sign, I ain't got no hang time
They talk about my sneakers, poisoned our leader
My father ain't seen me
Turn off my TV 'cause it hurts me soul

[Verse 3]
So through the Grim Reaper sickle-sharpening
Macintosh marketing, oil field auguring
Brazilian adolescent disarmament
Israeli occupation, Islamic martyrdom
Precise, yeah, laser-guided targeting
Oil for food bartering, terrorist organization harboring
Sand-camouflaged army men
CCF sponsoring, world conquering, telephone monitoring
Louis Vuitton modeling, pornographic actress honoring
String theory pondering, bulimic vomiting
Catholic Priest fondling, preemptive bombing
And Osama and Obama and them
They breaking in my car again
Deforestation and overlogging, and
Hennessy and Hypnotiq swallowing
Hydroponic coughing, and
All the world's ills
Sitting on chrome 24-inch wheels
Like that

[Hook 3]
They say I'm infected, this is why I inject it
I had it aborted, we got deported
My laptop got spyware, they say that I can't lie here
But I got no place to go
I can't stop eating, my best friend's leaving
My pastor touched me, I love this country
I lost my earpiece, I hope y'all hear me
'Cause it hurts me soul

[Outro]
It hurts me soul
It hurts me soul
Hurts me soul

[Intro: Daz Dillinger & (Snoop Dogg)]
(Ugh) Ha-ha-ha, I'm serious, nigga
One of y'all niggas got some bad motherfuckin' breath
(Oh, man) Aye, baby, aye, baby, (shit) aye, baby
Get some bubblegum in this motherfucker or somethin'
Aye, nigga, get somethin' to eat, dog
Aye, nigga, study long, study wrong, nigga

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
With so much drama in the L-B-C
It's kind of hard bein' Snoop D-O-double-G
But I, somehow, some way
Keep comin' up with funky-ass shit, like, every single day
May I kick a little something for the G's
And make a few ends as I breeze through?
Two in the mornin' and the party's still jumpin'
‘Cause my momma ain't home
I got bitches in the livin' room gettin' it on
And they ain't leavin' till six in the mornin'
So what you wanna do?
Shit, I got a pocket full of rubbers and my homeboys do too
So turn off the lights and close the doors
But (but what?) we don't love them hoes, yeah
So we gon' smoke an ounce to this
G's up, hoes down, while you motherfuckers bounce to this

[Chorus: Daz Dillinger & Lil David Ruffin, Snoop Dogg & Daz Dillinger]
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, laid back
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, laid back
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Now that I got me some Seagram's gin
Everybody got they cups, but they ain't chipped in
Now this type of shit happens all the time
You got to get yours but, fool, I gotta get mine
Everything is fine when you listening to the D-O-G
I got the cultivating music that be captivating he
Who listens to the words that I speak
As I take me a drink to the middle of the street
And get to mackin' to this bitch named Sadie (Sadie?)
She used to be the homeboy's lady (Oh, that bitch)
80 degrees, when I tell that bitch please
Raise up off these N-U-T's, ‘cause you gets none of these
At ease, as I mob with the Dogg Pound
Feel the breeze beyotch, I'm just…

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Daz Dillinger]
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, laid back
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, laid back
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Later on that day, my homie Dr. Dre
Came through with a gang of Tanqueray
And a fat ass J of some bubonic chronic
That made me choke; shit, this ain't no joke
I had to back up off of it and sit my cup down
Tanqueray and chronic, yeah, I'm fucked up now
But it ain't no stoppin', I'm still poppin'
Dre got some bitches from the city of Compton
To serve me; not with a cherry on top
‘Cause when I bust my nut I'm raising up off the cot
Don't get upset, girl, that's just how it goes
I don't love you, hoes, I'm out the door, and I'll be...

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Daz Dillinger]
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, laid back
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, laid back
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, beyotch
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind
Rollin' down the street, smokin' indo
Sippin' on gin and juice, beyotch
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind

[Intro: Notorious B.I.G.]
Yeah, motherfuckers better know
Huh, huh (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Lock your windows, close your doors
Biggie Smalls
Huh, yeah
(I'm a bad, bad, bad)

[Verse 1]
My man Inf left a TEC and a nine at my crib
Turned him self in, he had to do a bid
A one-to-three, he be home the end of '93
I'm ready to get this paper, G, you with me?
Motherfuckin' right, my pockets lookin' kinda tight
And I'm stressed
Yo, Biggie let me get the vest
No need for that, just grab the fuckin' gat
The first pocket that's fat, the TEC is to his back
Word is bond, I'ma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (What?)
Treat it like boxin', stick and move, stick and move
Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
I've been robbin' motherfuckers since the slave ships
With the same clip and the same four-five
Two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
That's my word, nigga even try to bogard
Have his mother singin', "It's so hard"
Yes, love, love your fuckin' attitude
Because the nigga play pussy
That's the nigga that's gettin' screwed
And bruised up from the pistol whippin'
Welts on the neck from the necklace strippin'
Then I'm dippin' up the block and I'm robbin' bitches, too
Up the herringbones and bamboos
I wouldn't give a fuck if you're tnangerp
Give me the baby rings and the #1 Mom pendant
I'm slammin' niggas like Shaquille, shit is real
When it's time to eat a meal I rob and steal
'Cause mom duke ain't givin' me shit
So for the bread and butter, I leave niggas in the gutter
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous
Crazier than a bag of fuckin' angel dust
When I bust my gat, motherfuckers take dirt naps
I'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at?

[Interlude]
When he's stickin' you and takin' all of your money

[Chorus]
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

[Verse 2]
Big up! Big up! It's a stick up! Stick up!
And I'm shootin' niggas quick if ya hiccup
Don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
The opposite of peace, sendin' mom duke a wreath
You're talkin' to the robbery expert
Step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over bein' resistant
'Cause when I lick shots them shits is persistent
Goodness gracious, the papers
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
Nigga, pass that
Before you get your grave dug from the main thug
Three fifty-seven slug
And my nigga Biggie got a itchy one grip
One in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
Motherfuckers better strip, (Yeah, nigga, peel!)
Before you find out how blue steel feel
From the Beretta, puttin' all the holes in ya sweater
The money-getter, motherfuckers don't know better
Rolex watches and colorful Swatches
I'm diggin' in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it
Man, niggas come through, I'm takin' high school rings too
Bitches get ********* for their earrings and bangles
And when I rock her and drop her, I'm taking her door knockers
And if she's resistant: blakka, blakka, blakka
So go get your man, bitch, he can get robbed, too
Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
Man I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it
And if I set it, the cocksucker won't forget it

[Interlude]
Hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (When he's stickin' you and takin' all your money)

[Chorus]
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

[Verse 3]
Man listen, all this walkin' is hurtin' my feet
Ooh, money looks sweet
Where at? In the Isuzu Jeep
Man, I throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
And if he start to scream, bom-bom, have a nice dream
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
Fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar
Ooh, Biggie let me jack her, I'll kick her in the back
Hit her with the gat
Yo, chill, shorty, let me do that
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
The bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot
Oh shit, the cops
Be cool, fool
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts
So why the fuck he keep looking?
I guess to get his life tooken
I just came home, ain't trying to see Central Booking
Oh shit, now he looking in my face
You better haul ass 'cause I ain't with no fucking chase
So lace up your boots, 'cause I'm about to shoot
A true motherfucker going out for the loot

[Outro]
Take that motherfuckers

[Intro: Jay-Z]
La-da-da-da
Hey, hey, hey
Goodbye

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Ugh, Fiji water, grandaddy purp
Excuse me, I let the semi-automatic burp
Blood gang, motherfucker, call me "Red Alert"
Young Carter kill in order, who get it first?
Stuff that girl with dick 'til her head burst
Young Weezle, flow needles, I could thread shirts
Boy, you ain’t did shit, I done said worse
Flip your fitted cap back like Fred Durst
Ugh, Fiji water, OG kush
Yeah, I drink verses and eat hooks
Got the stove on my waist, and we cooks
I'm in the way, you can’t pass, like Aaron Brooks
President, ride the car slow
I let my driver drive, I'm on Par 4
Spit hanging from my mouth, retard flow
And I say what I won like an award show
I'm on some shit ain’t even came out the ass yet
Sit back and watch the green grow like the grass wet
Young or old, there ain’t no comparing me
I just cleared that up, moment of clarity, ugh!

[Break: Jay-Z]
La-da-da-da
Hey, hey, hey
Goodbye

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Ugh, I'm about to go almonds
Young head-buster, get your helmets
You niggas real soft—what is that, velvet?
I get big chips, you get Alvins
Ugh, I'm about to go walnuts
We get seven-digit money, you could call us
Hit 'em with the chopper, watch 'em ball up
Paint your face red, you all dolled up
Yeah, Young Nino, nigga
Do it for my team, Tim Tebow, nigga
I'm killing this shit, Grim Reap' flow, nigga
Getting swallowed by the Maybach, deepthroat, nigga!
Ugh, I'm about to go Planters
I’m still in my prime, Deion Sanders
We all gamblers, I will not lose
Flow precious as diamonds, I drop jewels
Give me mine or I'ma take mine
Smoking purple, I heard it through the grapevine
Weezy Baby, AKA Your Highness
I just killed this shit, moment of silence, ugh!

[Break: Jay-Z & Lil Wayne]
La-da-da-da
Hey, hey, hey
Goodbye
Haha
But I ain't finished
Uh-uh
No Ceilings, motherfucker! Yeah

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Ugh, I'm in the zone like a fastball
And I fuck the game up like a bad call
Let the money stack, don’t let the cash fall
Bars all day, no last call
Ugh, I'm in the Red Zone, nigga
Wake up in the morning with your head gone, nigga
Birdman Junior, wings spread on niggas
Leave the beef in the streets and bring the bread home, nigga
Yeah, tell the doctor, "Step aside, please"
Dr. Carter, gasoline in your IVs
Strong dry weed, make my eyes bleed
Strong-arm rap, I rock a iron sleeve
Ugh, I'm in the zone like the secondary
No lie, bitch, I’m flyer than a pet canary
I’m a dog on the beat, fuck the vet-inary
Two women praise me like Mary Mary
Ugh, I'm in the zone like college ball
Spit fire like I’m sipping on a Molotov
Loose bowels, this shit so easy
I might send this to the mixtape, Weezy (Ugh!)

[Outro: Jay-Z & Lil Wayne]
Hahahaha
La-da-da-da
No Ceilings
Hey, hey, hey
Yeah
Goodbye
Haha!!

[Produced by Dr. Dre, Scott Storch and Mel-Man]

[Intro: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
Yeah, nigga, we're still fuckin' wit' you
Still waters run deep
Still Snoop Dogg and D.R.E.
'99, nigga, guess who's back
Still, still doin' that shit, huh, Dre?
Oh for sho'
Yeah
Check me out

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
It's still Dre Day nigga, AK nigga
Though I've grown a lot, can't keep it home a lot
'Cause when I frequent the spots that I'm known to rock
You hear the bass from the truck when I'm on the block
Ladies they pay homage, but haters say Dre fell off
How? Nigga, my last album was The Chronic (Nigga)
They wanna know if he still got it
They say rap's changed, they wanna know how I feel about it
(If you ain't up on thangs)
Dr. Dre is the name, I'm ahead of my game
Still puffin' my leaves, still fuck with the beats
Still not lovin' police (Huh-uh)
Still rock my khakis with a cuff and a crease (For sho')
Still got love for the streets, reppin' 213 (For life)
Still the beats bang, still doin' my thang
Since I left ain't too much changed, still

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Since the last time you heard from me I lost some friends
Well, hell, me and Snoop, we dippin' again
Kept my ear to the streets, signed Eminem
He's triple platinum, doin' 50 a week
Still, I stay close to the heat
And even when I was close to defeat, I rose to my feet
My life's like a soundtrack I wrote to the beat
Treat rap like Cali weed: I smoke 'til I'm 'sleep
Wake up in the A.M., compose a beat
I bring the fire 'til you're soakin' in your seat
It's not a fluke, it's been tried, I'm the truth
Since "Turn Out the Lights" from the World Class Wreckin Cru
I'm still at it, after mathematics
In the home of drive-bys and ak-matics
Swap meets, sticky green, and bad traffic
I dip through, then I give you (Still) D.R.E.

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
It ain't nothin' but more hot shit
Another classic CD for y'all to vibe with
Whether you're coolin' on the corner wit' your fly bitch (Biatch)
Laidback in the shack, play this track
I'm representin' for the gangstas all across the world
Still (Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl)
I'll break your neck, damn near put your face in your lap
Niggas try to be the king, but the ace is back
(So if you ain't up on thangs)
Dr. Dre be the name (What?), still runnin' the game
Still got it wrapped like a mummy
Still ain't trippin', love to see young blacks get money
Spend time out the hood, take they moms out the hood
Hit my boys off with jobs, no more livin' hard (Nah, nah)
Barbeques every day, drivin' fancy cars (Hey, hey)
Still gon' get mine regardless (Still)

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg (& Dr. Dre)]
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.
I'm representin' for them gangstas all across the world
(Still) Hittin' them corners in them low-lows, girl
Still takin' my time to perfect the beat
And I still got love for the streets, it's the D.R.E.

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
Right back up in your mothafuckin' ass
9-5 plus four pennies, add that shit up
D.R.E. right back up on top of thangs
Smoke some wit' your Dogg
No stress, no seeds, no stems, no sticks!
Some of that real sticky-icky-icky
Ooh wee! Put it in the air!
Well, you's a fool, D-R
Ha-ha

[Intro: M.I.A.]
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

[Chorus: M.I.A.]
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Mr. West is in the buildin'
Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion
Ayo I know I got it first
I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the Pilgrims
Thanksgiving, do we even got a question?
Hermès, Pastelle, I pass the dressin'
My attitude is tattooed, that mean it's permanent
So I guess we should address it, huh?
My swagger is Mick Jagger
Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it
"Why you so mad for? Why you gotta have it?"
'Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
How it feel to wake up and be the shit and the urine
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
Tryin' to get that Kobe number, one over Jordan

[Chorus: M.I.A.]
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
(No one on the corner…) Got a bop like this
Can't wear skinny jeans, 'cause my knots don't fit
No one on the corner got a pocket like this
So I rock Roc jeans, 'cause my knots so thick
You can learn how to dress just by checkin' my fresh
Checkin' checkin' my fresh, checkin' checkin' my fresh
Follow my steps is the road to success
Where the niggas know you're thorough when the girls say yes
(Yes…) But I can't teach you my swag
You can pay for school, but you can't buy class
School of hard knocks, I'm a grad
And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap
It's Hooooovaaaa
Dippin' different Rovers, whippin' with the soda
Hooooovaaaa
Did you even have any doubt? After Doubt it was over

[Chorus: M.I.A.]
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
No one on the corner has swagger like moi
Church, but I'm too clean for the choir
I require what I desire
I got stripes, Adidas
Mami scream "¡Papí, no más!"
Run up in your shit, just me, no más
Runnin' this shit like I got four thighs
No one has swagger like these four guys
Now when it comes to styles, I got several
Sharper than the swag or dagger all metal
And my jewels blue and yellow
The type of shit that make 'em call you Carmelo
Rules as follows: stay true to the ghetto
Write your name on the bullet, make you feel special
Ha! What the fuck you boys talkin' 'bout?
I know it's us, 'cause we the only thing to talk about

[Chorus: M.I.A., Lil Wayne & T.I.]
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (And I'm gone)
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Wow!)
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Ha! Ya think)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (That's right!)

[Verse 4: T.I.]
Aye, you can go see Weezy for the wordplay, Jeezy for the bird play
Kanyeezy for diversity, and me for controversy
All my verses picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose
You ain't livin' what you kickin', then you worthless
Lookin' from the surface
It may seem like I got reason to be nervous
Then observe my work to see that my adversity was worth it
Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical
Last thing I'm worried about is what another rapper do
Ain't nobody hot as me
Even if they rap they ass off, blast off and have outstandin' quality
Sell a lot of records, I'll respect it and salute that
But spittin' real life on hot beats I'm the truth at
You kick it like me, no exaggeration necessary
Livin' revolutionary, nothin' less than legendary
Gangsta shit, hereditary, got it from my dad
Flow colder than February with extraordinary swag

[Chorus: M.I.A., T.I.]
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Okay)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah, That's right)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Okay)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah, so you notice, huh?)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Ha! Yeah!)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Okay, tell'em for me shawty)
No one on the corner has swagger like us (Yeah, that's right)
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us (Yeah!)

[Outro: M.I.A.]
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us

[Intro: Akon, DJ Khaled & T.I.]
Oh oh oh! (DJ Khaled!)
Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay
Konvict Music (We The Best!)
Ay, ay, Grand Hustle
Yeah (We takin' over)
Ay, ay, ay
Oww! (Listen!)

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Started in Atlanta then I spread out with it
South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi
On to North Carolina, Philadelphia and Virginia
From down in Miami where it warm in the winter
On up to Minnesota where it storm in the winter
Jacksonville, Tallahassee, Memphis, Tenn; holla at me
Be in H-Town, Southside, Cloverland, daddy
I'm the man out in Dallas, better ask Khaled
Kept me out in Cali with my eyes open barely
Blowin' and spinnin', goin' down Bennett
Drop 6-4, three-wheel, then switch it
Red light stop, make it drop for the bitches
Got a Glock four-fifth, blow your head off with it
Anything you hear that I said, I meant it
King got the crown then sped off with it
Say you need bricks, I said, "I'll get it"

[Pre-Chorus: Akon]
If you want to, we can supply you (Supply you)
Got enough work to feed the whole town
They won't shoot you unless you try to (Try to)
Come around and try to stomp on our ground

[Chorus: Akon & DJ Khaled]
'Cause we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Oh oh (Listen!)

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
Boss, it's what I does
I get money e'ryday, e'ryday I does
That (Benz) is how I ride
Black flag on the left, two hoes and ride
You better (Move) AK all day
Get shot up like Shyne, that's on my neck
I'm big like Diddy; damn it, I'm with it
Khaled, we did it, Biggie of my city
Please no fitted, fuck it, I'm too pretty
I'd rather get brain, stupid, I'm silly
Money that come runnin' like water
Mami so hot, damn it, she gorgeous
Miami on fire, you better be cautious
Might get shot on the porch of your fortress
Yeah, they see it but no one reports it
I run this, Rick Ross, boss shit

[Chorus: Akon & DJ Khaled]
'Cause we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Oh oh (Listen!)

[Verse 3: Fat Joe]
Blat, when you see Crack, better duck
Like the MAC got a EZ pass, nigga what?
Shit, I don't give a fuck, I run these streets
Y'all talk that shit, I walk that beef
I'ma tell you like a G told me
They'll come back quick if a nigga OD
Cash rule everything around me
I'm YSL, Versace
You could see me in that Porsche GT
Comin' down Sunset, sittin' on Ds
Feelin' like Pac, all eyes on me
Fresh bandana and I'm blowin' mad trees (Trees, trees)
Nigga please
I spit crack, every verse a ki
Some say "Khaled," some say "Khaleed"
Twelve years down and I'm finally free

[Pre-Chorus: Akon]
If you want to, we can supply you (Supply you)
Got enough work to feed the whole town
They won't shoot you unless you try to (Try to)
Come around and try to stomp on our ground

[Chorus: Akon & DJ Khaled]
'Cause we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Said we takin' over (One city at a time)
Oh oh (Listen!)

[Verse 4: Birdman]
Birdman daddy, I'm number one
Nigga came at me wrong, so we got him done
Fuckin' with the fam, I'ma give him some
Spent that corner, he didn't run
Sunday had a whole church singin' a song
Why'd they have to send my baby home?
Fuckin' with some niggas, that paper long
Been a G in the game, now my son on the throne

[Verse 5: Lil Wayne]
Ah, I am the beast
Feed me rappers or feed me beats
I'm untamed, I need a leash
I'm insane, I need a shrink
I love brain, I need a leech
Why complain on Easy Street?
I don't even talk, I let the Visa speak
And I like my Sprite Easter pink
And my wrist-wear Chopard but the Müller's cooler
I have more jewels than your jeweler
Touch and I will bust your medulla
That's a bullethole, it is not a tumor
Red light, red light, stop your rumors
I stay on track like a box of Pumas
Now just r-r-rock with Junior
I am the little big kahuna, y'dig?

[Outro: Akon]
'Cause we takin' over (One city at a time)

[Intro: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Where's my coffee?
Good morning, Dr. Carter (Hey sweetie)
Looks like it's gonna be a long day
Ahh, another one huh? What we got
Your first patient (Yeah)
Is suffering from a lack of concepts (Uh-huh)
Originality (Ugghh)
His flow is weak (Another one)
And he has no style (Ughhh)
What you got for him? (Tssss, okay)

[Verse 1]
Let me put my gloves on, and my scrubs on
Dr. Carter to the rescue
Excuse me if I'm late, but like a thief it takes
Time to be this great, uhh, so just wait
Your style is a disgrace, your rhymes are fifth place
And I'm just grace, one, uno, ace
And I'm trying make your heart beat like bass
Hmm-mm, but you're sweet like cake
And I come to fix wherever your shell break
Where is your originality? You are so fake
So picture me like a gallery, capture what I say
All I need is one mic, all I need is one take
Like, hey! Brighter than a sun ray
Got a pistol on a playground, watch the gun-play
Like, no kidding, no kids in the way
But the kids do watch, gotta watch what we say
Gotta work everyday, gotta not be cliché
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K
Gotta kick it, kick it like a sensei
You gotta have faith, you gottta, gotta
Wait, wait, I think I, I think I lost him
(Flatline)
(Dial 118 please)

[Interlude: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Good afternoon, Dr. Carter (Nurse)
I don't know about this one
His confidence is down, vocab and metaphors needs work
And he lacks respect for the game
(Uhhhh, let me see)
You think you can save him?

[Verse 2]
Okay, respect is in the heart, so that's where I'mma start
And a lot of heart patients don't make it
But, hey kid, plural, I graduated
'Cause you can get through anything if Magic made it
And that was called recycling, r-e-reciting something
'Cause you just like it, so you say it just like it
Some say it's biting but I say it's enlightening
Besides, Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest
And Dr. Jeezy can fix you back up the nicest
Arthritis in my hand from writing
But I'm a doctor, they don't understand my writing
So I stopped writing, now I'm like lightning
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titan
Fast and exciting, my passion is frightening
Now let me put some more vocab in your IV
Here, take this Vicodin, like it and love it
And confidence has no budget
So pay me no mind, I don't walk it like I talk it 'cause I run it
I don't do it 'cause I done it, and I'm in the emergency un-it
God dunnit I've lost another one
(Flatline)

[Interlude: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Good evening, Dr. Carter. It's been a long day
But this one looks much better than the others
His respect is back up, concepts sound good
His style is showing strong signs of improvement
All he needs now is his swagger
Okay, let me take my gloves off then

[Verse 3]
Swagger tighter than a yeast infection
Fly, go hard, like geese, erection
Fashion patrol, police detection
Eyes stay tight like Chinese Connection
I stay tight like pussy at night
Baby, don't get me wrong, I could do that pussy right
But I'm too wrong to write, too fresh to fight
Too paid to freestyle, too paid to freestyle
Had to say it twice, swagger so nice
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price
And I don't rap fast, I rap slow
'Cause I mean every letter in the words
In the sentence of my quotes
Swagger just flows sweeter than honey oats
That swagger, I got it, I wear it like a coat
Wait, as I put the light down his throat
I can only see flow, his blood starting to flow
His lungs starting to grow, this one's starting to show
Strong signs of life, where's the stitches? Here's the knife
Smack his face, his eyes open, I reply "What a night"
"Welcome back, Hip-Hop — I saved your life"

[Outro: Nurse]
He looks good, his vitals are up
He's looking good, he's looking good
I think we got one, Dr. Carter, I think we got one
Yep, yep, we got one, we saved him he's good
He's good, we got one, he's good
(Heartbeat)
He's good, we got him
We saved him, he's a go
He's good

[Part 1: Georgia... Bush, produced by Vudu Spellz]

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
This song right here is dedicated to the president of the United States of America
Y'all might know him as George Bush
But where I'm from, lost city of New Orleans...we call him this:

Georgia (That's right) Georgia (Bush)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Now, this song is dedicated to the one with the suit
Thick white skin and his eyes bright blue
So called beef with you-know-who
Fuck it, he just let em kill all of our troops
Look at the bullshit we been through
Had our niggas sitting on top their roofs
Hurricane Katrina, we should've called it Hurricane (Georgia) Bush
Then they telling y'all lies on the news
The white people smiling like everything cool
But I know people that died in that pool
I know people that died in them schools
Now what is the survivor to do?
Got to no trailer, you gotta move
Now it's on to Texas and to (Georgia)
They tell you what they want, show you what they want you to see
But they don't let you know what's really going on
Make it look like a lotta stealing going on
Boy them cops is killas in my home
Nigga shot dead in the middle of the street
I ain't no thief, I'm just trying to eat
Man fuck the police and President (Georgia) Bush
So what happened to the levees, why wasn't they steady?
Why wasn't they able to control this?
I know some folk that live by the levee
That keep on telling me they heard explosions
Same shit happened back in Hurricane Betsy
1965: I ain't too young to know this
That was President Johnson but now it's (Georgia) Bush

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
We from a town where (Georgia) everybody drowned, and
Everybody died, but baby (Georgia) I'm still praying with you
Everybody crying but (Georgia) ain't nobody tried
There's no doubt on my mind, it was (Georgia) Bush!
We from a town where (Georgia) everybody drowned, and
Everybody died, but baby (Georgia) I'm still praying with you
Everybody crying but (Georgia) ain't nobody tried
There's no doubt on my mind, it was (Georgia) Bush!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Now, I was born in the boot at the bottom of the map
New Orleans baby, now the White House hating
Trying to wash us away like we not on the map
Wait, have you heard the latest
They saying that you gotta have paper if you tryna come back
Niggas thinking it's a wrap
See we can't hustle in they trap, we ain't from (Georgia)
Now it's them dead bodies, them lost houses
The mayor say don't worry bout it
And the children have been scorned, no one's here to care 'bout 'em
And fat shout, to all the rappers that helped out
Yeah we like to thank all of y'all, but fuck President (Georgia) Bush
When you see them Confederate flags, you know what it is
A white cracker muthafucka that probably voted for him
And no he ain't gonna drop no dollars, but he do drop bombs
R.I.P. Tig' cause he died in the storm
Fuck President (Georgia) Bush
See us in ya city man, give us a pound
Cause if a nigga still movin' then he holdin' it down
I had two Jags, but I lost both them bi-tches
I'm from N.O. the N.O. Yeah!

[Hook]
We from a town where (Georgia) everybody drowned, and
Everybody died, but baby (Georgia) I'm still praying with you
Everybody crying but (Georgia) ain't nobody tried
There's no doubt on my mind, it was (Georgia) Bush!
We from a town where (Georgia) everybody drowned, and
Everybody died, but baby (Georgia) I'm still praying with you
Everybody crying but (Georgia) ain't nobody tried
There's no doubt on my mind, it was (Georgia) Bush!

[Part 2: Weezy's Ambitionz, produced by Daz Dillinger]

[Interlude: DJ Drama]
Oh yeah
You thought we was done? Nah

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Money, money, money: get a dollar and a dick
Weezy Baby that crack, motherfucka, get a fix
Got money out the ass, no homo but I'm rich
Bout to go get surgery and put some diamonds on my wrist (Yes)
Yep, I'm a motherfuckin' trip
I'm a trip to Japan and buy some brand new shit
900 to a grand, get you 28 grams
If you talking bout bricks, I'm the interstate, man
And the women say "damn", them niggas don't say a damn thing
Boy I bet that shotty make you bounce like a bed spring
Walking a thin line, gotta defend mine
And with no pen I'm sorta like a bomb "Boom"
Young Tune, yeah that's what my people call me
50 thousand for the cross, tryna keep the reaper off me
I drink a lot of syrup, bitches say I'm sleep walking
Big money for the grill, so I'm never cheap talking, yeah
Keep talking and the flame leap off the hip
And keep sparking, pap pap sleep softly
Yeah, nap nap, nap sack, three forties
Like fuck another nigga, nigga just don't be the target
Young New Orleans nigga, nigga just don't be retarded
We done lost everything and you looking like a bargain
Purple weed, purple drink, Purple Heart sergeant
I'm the best rapper in the game, no arguing
And I don't even write, pause
Un-pause this, so keep your bitch ass lines inside the margin
Lil Wayne dot com bitch, log in
Put a pillow under your knees and keep ya jaws in
All in ya girl mouth, use her like a toilet
They usually want a baller and the young nigga ballin'
Mike Jordan, pardon my swag
But my father rich as fuck and all my brothers left the family
We said "fuck it" - bought 2 houses in Miami
I can't wait to do Cribs; MTV, come on, get at me
Any rapper wan' get at me, tell ya label contact me
Half a hundred for a feature, wanna battle? I'll beat ya
I'm a beast, I'm a creature, I'm the son of Miss Cita
Mom dukes, my Jeter, she the reason, she the reason
Everybody woman wanna be the boy diva, not even
There's a 305 dime I wanted ever since I seen her
Got a topic of this evening, hotter than a tub steaming
Gotcha girlfriend dreaming of one day being Trina
Not a sim simma, 10 keys in the Beamer
Got a white girl driving: couldn't do it much cleaner
I'm fly in the sky like that motherfuckin' ribbon
Bitches got my name on em, and the nigga still livin'
Spend a condo in the club, one bottle won't do
Two bottles won't do, bottles for the whole crew, thanks
And bring me that Patron, I don't play
No ice I like my drink straight, not gay
And bitch that bank come everyday, I'm paid
I wish a nigga come invade, get sprayed
I stomp a nigga out like I got ten legs
Then they fish the nigga up out the lake in ten days
Behave, no ho, I'm on that rage flow
Cash Money, Young Money, ho that money age old
And can't a cage hold this animal from Hollygrove
Sorry mami I be stoned, I be, I be, I be blowed
Got me copy rock star, Weezy Baby fuck these hoes
Gotta pay me now for me to even take these hoes
Price rising for a show and the flow
So either Drama is my nigga, or that boy got dough
Go figure that's my nigga, that's my nigga, my nerve
If anybody else want it, $60,000 a verse

[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
Uh, uh, check it out (Yeah), uh
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh (He-he)
Uh (I like this) yeah, yeah
Nine-fo' (Keep bangin')

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes (Uh)
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mamis?
The back of the club, sippin' Moët is where you'll find me (What?)
The back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me (Uh)
Mad question askin', blunt passin'
Music blastin', but I just can't quit
Because one of these honeys Biggie got to creep with (That's right)
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not? (Uh)
Why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot?
Now check it: I got more mack than Craig, and in the bed
Believe me, sweetie, I got enough to feed the needy (Come on)
No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes
C-notes by the layers, true fuckin' players (Uh)
Jump in the Rover and come over, tell your friends jump in the GS3
I got the chronic by the tree cuz (Let's go)

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby (Uh), baby (Uh)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
Straight up, honey, really I'm askin'
Most of these niggas think they be mackin', but they be actin'
Who they attractin' with that line (What?), "What's your name? What's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind (That's right)
And ask you what your interests are, who you be with
Things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while? I'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around 2 (Come on)
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Little Cease (Uh-huh)
Pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly (G)
A T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, ‘cause in a few we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right, boo? (True)
Forget the telly—we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the jacuzzi, smoke Ls while you do me

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player (Come on, yeah)
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (Uh)
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (Uh)

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
(How you livin', Biggie Smalls?) In mansion and Benzes
Givin' ends to my friends, and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream (Heh)
Still tote gats, strapped with infrared beams (That's right) (What?)
Choppin' Os (Uh-huh), smokin' la in Optimos
Money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows (All a nigga knows)
A foolish pleasure? Whatever
I had to find the buried treasure (For what?), so grams I had to measure
However, livin' better now, Coogi sweater now
Drop top BMs, I'm the man, girlfriend

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Yeah, honey, check it
Tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend (That's right), alright?
Is that aight wit' you?
Yeah, keep bangin'

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (Uh)
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (Uh)

[Outro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Check it out
Nine-fo' shit for that ass, uh
Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, Junior M.A.F.I.A.
Represent, baby, baby, uh

[Intro]
Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check, one-two, we recordin'?

[Verse 1]
I'm cancerous, so when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again
And break your fuckin' legs 'til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown
'Cause when I smoke out, I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
(Oh no) So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch)
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out (C'mere) his blond dreads (Fuck you)
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les'
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
'Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

[Chorus]
Now, follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms, then OD
Now, don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

[Verse 2]
Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must've been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both, then smeared blood on the white Bronco
(We did it) My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped, I'm runnin' out the morgue
With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm 'bout as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel (That shovel)
Will someone please explain to my brain
That I just severed the main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain?
I take a breather and sigh, either I'm high or I'm nuts
'Cause if you ain't tiltin' this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer shoved in her ass
Then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
'Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it

[Chorus]
I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I've been with ten women who got HIV
Now, don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably wanna grow up to be just like me

[Intro: Ricky Harris]
You're back now at the jack-off hour
This is DJ EZ Dicc
On WBALLZ
Right now, something new by Snoop Doggy Dogg
And this one goes out to the ladies from all the guys
A big bow-wow-wow
'Cause we gonna make it a little misty here tonight
This is DJ EZ Dicc
On the station that slaps you across your fat ass with a fat dick

[Verse 1: Nate Dogg]
When I met you last night, baby
Before you opened up your gap
I had respect for you, lady
But now, I take it all back
'Cause you gave me all your pussy
And you even licked my balls
Leave your number on the cabinet
And I promise, baby, I'll give you a call
Next time I'm feelin' kinda horny
You can come on over
And I'll break you off
And if you can't fuck that day, baby
Just lay back and open your mouth
'Cause I have never met a girl
That I love in the whole wide world

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
Well, if Kurupt gave a fuck about a bitch, I'd always be broke
I'd never have no motherfuckin' Indo to smoke
I gets loc'ed and loony, bitch, you can't do me
Do we look like BBD? You hoochie groupie
I have no love for hoes
That's something that I learned in Tha Pound
So how the fuck am I supposed to pay this hoe just to lay this hoe?
I know the pussy's mines, I'ma fuck a couple mo' times
And then I'm through with it, there's nothin' else to do with it
Pass it to the homie, now you hit it
'Cause she ain't nothin' but a bitch to me
And y'all know, that bitches ain't shit to me
I gives a fuck, why don't y'all pay attention?
Approach her with a different proposition
I'm Kurupt, ho, you'll never be my only one, trick-ass bitch!

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Guess who's back in the motherfuckin' house?
With a fat dick for your motherfuckin' mouth
Hoes recognize, niggas do too
'Cause when bitches get scandalous and pull a voodoo
What you gon' do? You really don't know
So I'd advise you not to trust that ho
Silly of me to fall in love with a bitch
Knowin' damn well I'm too caught up with my grip
Now, as the sun rotates and my game grows bigger
How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga named Snoop?
Doggy, I'm all the above
I'm too swift on my toes to get caught up with you hoes
But see, it ain't no fun
If my homies can't get a taste of it
'Cause you know I don't love 'em

[Verse 4: Warren G]
Woo! Hey, now you know
Inhale, exhale with my flow
One for the money, two for the bitches
Three to get ready, and four to hit the switches
In my Chevy, '64—red, to be exact
With bitches on my side and bitches on my back
So back up, bitch, because I'm strugglin'
Just get on your knees and then start jugglin'
These motherfuckin' nuts in your mouth
It's me, Warren G, the nigga with the clout

[Hook: Nate Dogg]
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none

[Intro]
Look, if you had one shot or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted in one moment
Would you capture it, or just let it slip? Yo

[Verse 1]
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over, blaow
Snap back to reality, ope there goes gravity, ope
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo, this old rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him, and

[Chorus]
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

[Verse 2]
His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, 'cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no more, he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on, da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah

[Chorus]
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

[Verse 3]
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to-
Five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option, failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot, feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

[Chorus]
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go (Go)
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…

[Outro]
You can do anything you set your mind to, man

[Intro: DJ K-Swift & Lil Wayne]
Told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all (Hahahahaha!)
I told y’all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Young Money!)
I told y’all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Young Money!)
I told y’all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that—
T—Told y’all, I tote a tool (Young Mula, baby)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that—
I told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Uh-huh)
I told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Uh-huh)
I told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh, I usually don't do this!)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Uh-huh)
T—Told y’all, I tote a tool (Uh-huh)
Bullet in the Glock and blow that—
But we gon' keep the party going!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I—I—I—I—I—I wake a nigga up in his bed when he sleep
Tie the nigga up from his head to his feet
Then I light the nigga up from his head to his feet
Put his body in the water and his head on the beach
Light another blunt 'cause it save me the grief
I don't give a fuck, I was made for the beef
I don't give a fuck, I'm straight from the streets
But I'm crooked as a bitch, bitch, wave to the thief
Lie to the bad guy, "Hi" to the good dope
Ride with the bad guy, try and you get smoked
Lie and you get smoked, lie for a nigga, though
Try for a nigga, though, die for a nigga, though
Why would a nigga go to New Orleans?
This is Katrinaland
The President flew over, and he ain't even land
We ain't even mad, we ain't even playing
It's duct-tape season in my region
And you ain't leaving until we eating
And I want my piece and I want my peeps to get their piece
And they want their peeps to get their piece
And until then, tell you peeps, "No peace"
I'm a beast and I feast every beat I seek
And I freak every mix CD I leak
I need to be at the T-O-P O-F H-I-P-H-O-P
And I'm I-N D-A C-U-T W-I-T-H them Uzis
Who, me? Yes, me, call me Weezy West, B
'Cause I'm wilder than the motherfucking Wild West be
I'm so ready—are you ready for me?
I'm Young Money, Young Mula, baby
Break in a nigga car at the light
Put the gun to his head, make him park on the right, and
Then I tell him, "Don't talk," make him get out and walk
And then, I tell my goons, "Get right in"
When you fucking with a nigga like me
No homo, but you're fucking with a rider
But they no heard me, when I tried to...

[Hook: DJ K-Swift & Lil Wayne]
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Ugh!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Fuck another motherfucker and them other motherfuckers
'Cause can't no motherfucker fuck with a nigga
If you fuck with Lil' Tune
I’ma let my goons just follow your ass like Twitter, nigga
We can do what you want, I don't care
Anyhow, anywhere, anytime, I swear
At sun-up on a nigga, I will run up on a nigga
Put the gun up on a nigga; now, I'm one-up on a nigga
Yeah, I will run the clock behind the guap
And if my leg broke, I will hop; bitch, I will hustle 'til I drop
Bitch, I will throw you from the top of the world
I got myself a Boston girl
She my gypsy, I'm her genie, ride my magic carpet, girl
Flow so sick, you cough and hurl, I'm so twisted, I walk in swirls
I'm so lifted, I walk on clouds
Please, please, please, don't shoot me down
Fucking right, I put it down, buy it white, then cook it brown
This is how "great-looking" sound; K.Y. bring the hook around

[Hook: DJ K-Swift & Lil Wayne]
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I—, told y'all, I—
Told y'all, I tote a tool
Bullet in the Glock and blow that— (Ugh!)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne & DJ-K-Swift]
Hollygrove U.S.A., parlez-vous Français?
Hot as picante, I am a zombie
What more can I say? 'Cause after all, I...
Told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all, I told y'all
I told y'all, I tote it
Put the bullet in the Glock and blow that bitch
If you know like I know, you'd put money way before that bitch
Everyone got they hand out
So I drop my drawers, let them hold that dick
I’ma roll that stick, and I’ma roll it thick
And I know I'm colder when it's cold as brick
And I ain't that old, I'm just twenty-six
All in your mouth like I'm a dentist, bitch
Fuck you and your interests, bitch
We on some shoot-the-interest shit
Better find the exit boy, my Nina is so sexy boy
And she feeling desperate boy, don’t make her molest you, boy
Pressure, pressure, boy; what would make you test the boy?
I'm great with no effort, boy, your face will get severed, boy
I'm breaking your level, boy, I'm taking your medal, boy
Weezy F. Baby and the "F" is for forever, boy!
Feed me rappers or feed me beats

Tool on deck, why would I lie
Nigga you a pussy hope you got nine lives
I could hit a nigga with the nine nine times
Country ass boy country like Leanne rhymes
Mississippi d banner, and lilweezyana
Everybody got tools so you will need a hammer
I'm a pill poppin' animal, syrup sippin' nigga
I'm so high you could'nt reach me with a fuckin antenna
You're fuckin with his man, you could be his man dinner
The nine gimme brains but the ak add liver
Your rapper is the same flowin like a bad river
Make yo ass quiver like you naked at winter
Hollygrove honcho, hardtime giver
I'm a shark in the water you just long john silver
I got a girl you wanna meet her?
Her name is nine millimeter

Feed me rappers or feed me beats
Uptown New Orleans like always
Cash money boys shine like bald heads
Big bezzel make my watch look like a hog head
But all I do is smoke trees call me log head
I'm butter on the bread like parkay
And I am all about me like do re
I'm in the hood, in the hood like dope yay
Nappy ass hair like buckwheat otay
Hollygrove, Eagle street be my damn hood
Or you can get murdered for free like canned goods
I got 12 Barbaros under that Lam hood
I could bring Kentucky derby to the damn hood
Sunshine diamonds, call me tanned goods
And now I let it blow, like a bad wood
I call brisco, I'm on South Beach
Thirty minutes later Opa-lacka is where I be

Feed me rappers or feed me beats

Man I'm so Hollygrove
Stand strong in the water like a commadore
Black holes in your white tee, dominoes
Me n brisco cash money carnivores
Hehe, I am New Orleans like carnival
And in the hood call me Weezy the honorable
These other rappers so ironical
And if I ain't in the mansion then I'm up in the phantom oh
Yea, you know it, listen up man, dj cinema, cinematic
Whatever you wanna call him, I need you to spin this thang crazy
Spin this when I tell you not to, talkin about 8 in the mornin
To 8 in the mornin', ya feel me, yea, can fox holla at cha boy
Feed me rappers or feed me beats

[Verse 1]
I was a terror since the public school era
Bathroom passes, cutting classes, squeezing asses
Smoking blunts was a daily routine
Since 13, a chubby nigga on the scene
I used to have the trey-deuce
And the deuce-deuce in my bubblegoose
Now I got the Mac in my knapsack
Lounging black, smoking sacks up in Ac's and Sidekicks
With my sidekicks rocking fly kicks
Honeys want to chat
But all we wanna know is where the party at
And can I bring my gat?
If not, I hope I don't get shot
Better throw my vest on my chest, 'cause niggas is a mess
It don't take nothing but fronting for me to start something
Bugging and bucking at niggas like I was duck hunting
Dumbing out, just me and my crew
'Cause all we wanna do is

[Hook]
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit

[Verse 2]
Hugs from the honeys, pounds from the roughnecks
Seen my man Sage that I knew from the projects
Said he had beef, asked me if I had my piece
Sure do, two .22s in my shoes
Holler if you need me, love, I'm in the house
Roam and stroll, see what the honeys is about
Moet popping, ho hopping
Ain't no stopping Big Poppa
I'm a Bad Boy
Niggas wanna front, who got your back? (Biggie!)
Niggas wanna flex, who got the gat? (Biggie!)
It ain't hard to tell I'm the East Coast overdose
Nigga you scared you're supposed to
Nigga, I toast ya, put fear in your heart
Fuck up the party before it even start
Pissy drunk, off the Henny and skunk
On some Brand Nubian shit beating down punks

[Hook]
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit

[Verse 3]
Bitches in the back looking righteous
In a tight dress, I think I might just
Hit her with a little Biggie 101, how to tote a gun
And have fun with Jamaican rum
Conversation, blunts in rotation
My man Big Jock got the Glock in his waist and
We're smoking, drinking, got the hooker thinking
If money smell bad, then this nigga Biggie stinking
Is it my charm? I got the hookers eating out my palm
She grabbed my arm and said "Let's leave calm"
I'm hitting skins again
Rolled up another blunt, bought a Heineken
Niggas start to loc out, a kid got choked out
Blows was thrown and a fucking fight broke out

(Music stops
Indecipherable sounds of people yelling and arguing
Biggie breaks it up yelling "Yo, chill, man, chill!")

Can't we just all get along?
So I can put hickies on her chest like Little Shawn
Get her pissy drunk off of Dom Pérignon
And it's on, and I'm gone
That's that...

[Hook]
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit
And party and bullshit

[Puffy]
Junior M.A.F.I.A. like to...
Uptown likes to...
Bad Boy likes to...
Brooklyn Crew likes to...
3rd Eye likes to...
Mo Bee likes to...
We like to...

[Intro]
B-T-P, yah
Is the AutoTune on?
Hmhmm, good
Mm

[Verse]
Young Money, syrup in the big shot
Time to do the thing, that's word to your wristwatch
Shoot the Glock 'til it burn, 'til my wrist lock
Rims hella big, tires skinny like Chris Rock
H—Hold the gun sideways like O-Dog
Shoot a nigga in his face, knock his nose off
Make the girls say my name like a roll call
Painkillers got a nigga 'bout to doze off
Big shit, nigga, talk big shit, nigga
Big bread, bread like a picnic, nigga
Shake the whole game like the Hit-Stick, nigga
Money spread like germs, get sick, nigga
Yeah, and fuck them other niggas
1-900, who want it? I deliver
Concrete shoes won't help in the river
I don't care if you was Michael Phelps, my nigga
I'm higher than the motherfucking Alps, my nigga
I'm flyer than the motherfucking stealth, my nigga
Y—Young Money shit, top shelf, my nigga
We the motherfuckers, like MILF, my nigga
Ahem, flow like syringes
Yeah, I'm in my mode, got a code like Da Vinci's
I was in the trenches, now I'm in the Trump
And everybody watch your back when you're in the front
You ain't never safe, stop playing with a gangsta
Brang it to his face, and he ran like a flanker
Bend the girl over, put her hands on her ankles
I'm all over this "Ice Cream" beat like sprinkles
"Why, thank you!"—if you's a hater
I'm eating, you's a waiter
Pistol on my hip, "Tomb Raider"
Holler at your guala, zoom, later
Young Tune, nigga; typhoon, nigga
And if you think it's sweet, buy a room, nigga
Damu, nigga, I'm on my gang shit
She give me good brain like she studied at Cambridge
Lighting up a motherfucking blunt
Stupid-fruity swag like a motherfucking Runt
And I be with my dog like a motherfucker hunt
And every day of the week is the first of the month
Audemars Piguet with the diamonds in the face
Can't tell the time 'cause the diamonds in the face
We can get it popping like a semi-automatic
And if you got beef, I put the biscuit on the patty
Rockstar tatted, big-money addict
Running this shit, now I'm feeling ath-lat-ic
I—I'm on a boat, bitch, getting seasick
Stop playing, I'm fresher than a Degree stick
Street shit—well, of course
I smoke mad weed, I'm on my high horse
Please, don't shoot me down, I land feet flat
Then walk a million miles with New Orleans on my back
Haha! I need a massage
And when it come to hoes, man, I got a collage
Finger on the button, nigga, just stuntin'
If you ain't the bank teller, don't tell me nothing
Kush so strong, you can smell me coming
Bitch, I go hard like the boy from "300"
You think y'all kick it, well, boy, we punting
Young Money, baby, we the shit, weak stomachs
No Ceilings, motherfucker

[Intro: Sheek Louch & Jadakiss]
Jay
Fuck that
This is it, right here, baby
You know what it is

[Verse 1: Jadakiss & Sleek Louch]
Yo, I used to have bad luck, now you might see me in a Jag' truck
Masked up, either with a dime or a bad duck
Double-R tee with the matching bandana
.38-snub, blue steel with no hammer
And I see y'all niggas tryna glance at the 'Kiss
'Cause I walk around with your whole advance on my wrist
Boning your women, drunk off Coronas and lemon
And you know I'm still writing the mean, lighting the green
I need the buggy, even though I look right in the beam
Judge find out it's my team, he boost they bails
Niggas throw us on they album, try to boost they sales
We put our pies on the table and our eyes on a label
'Cause them rednecks up in the mountains'll try to slay you
Call me raspy, tell you what I want you to know
Fuck what you ask me, you probably don't want me to blow
I got a lot of horsepower so I'm able to skip
Usually a good nigga, even though I'm able to flip
You pay thirty for the 'Kiss (Uh-huh), a hundred for The LOX (Yeah)
And if we cool, then I write a hook for a drop
Whatever's in the bank is my bet, a Z-bull's my pet
And you can bet he'll get the legs and the neck
(Uh-huh, yeah, ayo)

[Verse 2: Sheek Louch]
Yo, when my gun bust, send niggas to the fish like Swanson
New York's youngest Bumpy Johnson, I put fear in y'all heads
Sheek Louch, type of nigga gasoline y'all beds
And that's warning, if you all alive in the morning, that's fine
Now, I suggest you hit the block and get what's rightfully mine
I want PC, see me? Tuck in your chains
I got niggas my pop's age, that lifestyle ain't changed
It's like, wake up, move a brick, half of it slow
Make car money, check with Sheek, go fuck with a ho (Ha)
I rock a waist-length mink, durag under my fitted (Style on these niggas)
And I don't even want waves, Timbs be halfway new (Huh?)
That's Sheek in the dress-up club cause I don't fuck with shoes
And for my nigga's life, I swear to the Bible, let it be told
I put thirty in your head, all in the same hole
'Cause we got the same goal, and you try and tamper with mine?
Don't make me motherfuckin' leave you with some shit in your spine
Fuck with me, you be a "Was nigga", "Nigga was dope"
Nigga was gettin' money 'fore I extorted your coke
'Ju crazy? (Haha)

[Verse 3: Styles P]
Ayo, catch me with a .38, box of shells
In a '98 Lincoln, eatin' pasta shells
Order to go, always got a box of Ls
Blow, stay on the low, get a Heine' and swig
I'm Pinero, so I hate a snake, rat, or a pig
I pop shit 'cause I'm the second best, the first was B.I.G
Y'all niggas is sonned out, let me speak to your father
'Cause I like to play chess and I swing the revolver
If I don't like a nigga, I don't even be bothered
I spit, I'm just a crooked nigga going legit
You hold your nine if you holding a brick, common sense
Fed' drama, you hit the Bahamas, get bent
L-O-X get respect like Sonny from Bronx Tale
Us and DMX, the Ruff Ryder cartel
Thirsty to live, oh, y'all niggas eager to die?
I tell all my niggas ride, you won't leave with a dime
Motherfucker

[Verse 4: Jay-Z & DMX]
Yeah, yeah, I'm a monster
I sleep whole winters, wake up and spit summers
Ghetto nigga, putting up Will Smith numbers (Ugh)
Surrounded by Sixes and Hummers, bitches among us
Trying not to let this bullshit become us
It started from hunger 'til it all went insane
Now, bitches notice the chains now that I hit my number
The chickens I twisted (Ugh), see the digits unlisted (Yeah)
The beeper done changed
Your dead, bitch, the reaper done came
I suggest niggas stop speaking my name
'Cause trust me, y'all could still feel the heat in the rain
I keep creepin', streets keep watchin', I keep poppin'
Niggas is hotheads and the bullets is heat-seeking
Jay flow for pesos, chase hoes, not
I just circle 'round the block in a drop
Tell 'em jump through the top (Uh-huh)
Where the sunroof used to be
I could see y'all not used to me
Nigga, flows like none other (Ugh)
I'm the meanest, toughest Don Dada to gun-butt ya
You the type to bust a lot of shots, and none touch you (Fuck)
I'm the type that get excited when the gun touch ya, motherfuckers (Ugh)
Y'all niggas 'bout to witness a dynasty like no other
(Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh)

[Verse 5: DMX & Jadakiss]
(Grrrr)
I'm headed nowhere fast, running in place (Ugh), gun in my waist
Niggas wanted a taste, but wouldn't come to my face (Ugh)
So what that mean? You cats is playin' games again
So now what I do? Start naming names again (What?)
All you motherfuckers know that I speak from the heart (Ugh)
Play like you don't know, L-O-X is gon' bark
We can take it there, but to make it fair, get some more niggas
Styles, Sheek, Jay, we comin' with like four niggas (Aight?)
Y'all niggas best to stop playin'
It'll be the ones you forgotten about
That'll get you shot in your mouth
(Argh, argh) Got my dogs covered (Ugh)
Plus it's all gravy, like chicken when it's smothered (What?)
It's dark and I love it (Ugh)
Get him, boy, let him loose (Come on)
Want it with the dog or the gun? Let him choose (Come on)

[Chorus: Shanell]
I'm calling you daddy, daddy
Can you be my daddy, daddy?
I need a daddy, daddy
Would you be my daddy, daddy? (No ceilings)
Come and make it Wayne down on me

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Wide receiver Weezy, throw the pussy at me
The pussy lips smiling, I make the pussy happy
Take them panties off, the pussy lookin' at me
I'm the pussy monster, now get the pussy ready
I like to kiss. She like to kiss
I deep stroke and make her bite her fist
The lights is on, the night is grown
We get it poppin' cause we know we can't when wifey home
California kush - strong as a Titan - is what I'm lightin' on
We get high as fuck then we "Just Do It" put your Nikes on
Tattoos on her waist, she like the tattoos on my face
And if there's something she'd like to say
I let her say it on my microphone
She love my style...but that's expected
She coming back to you? The chances anorexic
I knew she had it in her, so I got it out her
She give me neck around the clock: I call it "round the Carter"
She rub my back, she say I'm tight
She cook, fuck and clean
And still make her flight!
First-class pussy, crystal glass pussy
I get it wetter than bass pussy

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I likes it thick and red
Ralph Lauren spread
Lady in the streets, porn star in bed
She like to fuckfight, so we spar in bed
She got that pink pussy, I beat it orange/red
I fuck American pie and I get foreign head
She sit down and ride like I'm a thoroughbred
She kiss mine, and I kiss hers back
If she's a bad bitch
She deserve that
She send me pictures to my iPhone
Then I gotta clear em cause my girl be checking my phone
I'm in the Bentley with the mind blown
When I'm in that pussy, honey, I'm home

[Bridge: Shanell]
You dun been good, but you can do better
I dun been wet, but I can get wetter
Come and make it Wayne down on me

[Intro: Bone Thugs-N-Harmony]
And Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
(This is a lake of fire right here)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (everybody, everybody)
Notorious thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas, nothin' but them thugsta thugstas
Notorious thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas, nothin' but them thugsta thugstas

[Chorus: Bone Thugs-N-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Armed and dangerous
Ain't too many can bang with us
Straight up weed, no angel dust
Label us notorious
Thug-ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us
Y'all niggas be scramblin', gamblin'
Up in restaurants with mandolins and violins
We just sittin' here tryna win, tryin' not to sin
High off weed and lots of gin
So much smoke, need oxygen
Steadily countin' them Benjamins
Nigga, you should too, if you knew
What this game'll do to you
Been in this shit since '92
Look at all the bullshit I been through
So-called beef with you-know-who
Fucked a few female stars or two
Then I blew like niggas move like Mike
Shit, not to be fucked with
Motherfucker better duck quick
'Cause me and my dogs love to buck shit
Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim
No aspirations to quit the game
Spit yo game, talk yo shit
Grab yo gat, call yo clique
Squeeze yo' clip, hit the right one
Pass that weed, I got to light one
All them niggas, I got to fight one
All them hoes, I got to like one
Our situation is a tight one
What you gonna do: fight or run?
Seems to me that you'll take B
Bone and Big, nigga, die slowly
I'ma tell you like a nigga told me
"Cash Rule Everything Around Me"
Shit, lyrically niggas can't see me
Fuck it, buy the coke, cook the coke, cut it
Know the bitch 'fore you caught yourself lovin' it
Nigga with a Benz fuckin' it
Doesn't it seem odd to you?
Big come through with mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to the Mo' Thugs dudes
Who's the killer: me or you?

[Break: Puff Daddy]
We forgive you, for you know not what you do

[Verse 2: Bizzy Bone]
7 A.M. woke in the morning
With Hen' and caffeine and green and nicotine
No-Doz so pop a couple of those
Lil' RIPsta, nigga Mista Clean, make it gleam
Deep in my temple and not to get sentimentally steamed
With my instrumelody, and heated, especially for your team
And a .45 indeed will beam
In between the scenes, destroy your dreams
You willin' to die? We'll see
How many flee when I cause the scene?
We mean mug, Mo' Thugs, trained to be perfect disciples
When it's survival, tongue is a double-edged sword
Triple six rivals spittin' fire
This the real truth, bitch, breakin' out for lies
My Messiah's better be ready for Armageddon, shit's expired
It's wild, bless the child, the one that became a man
Put in positions off in the Clair
All that I had to do was stare
Test me now, contender; never no surrender, no pretend
Pick up my pen in my hand
One of my trusted friend-friends
Hey, open the last seal for real, we all suited
Beg my pardon to Martin: baby, we ain't marchin', we shootin'
In daily recruitin', there's a thug born everyday in the ghetto
We start 'em off little, we give 'em a bible
And a pen and a pad to hit the label—kick it, nigga!

[Verse 3: Krayzie Bone]
Nigga roll with Bone up into the dank spot
To the dome with a shot of burb
Never get tossed to the curb
Be feelin' that urge to splurge
But I'm broke as fuck, Sin, give me that Mossberg swerve!
Up into my bag 'cause I gotta get my mask and shells
To put in this 12 gauge sawed-off
Get 'em hauled off, nigga, y'all loss
Take it all off, got a nigga caught off
For the pump now Leatherface, sin runnin' thuggin' and cuttin'
Little Mo Hart want to pull it ain't nothin'
Bitch if you steppin' we buckin' them guns that’s fucked up
Now let me get done with the grime
Gotta go purchase a dime
Put in a state to get done with the crime
Smokin' the reefer to ease my mind
Swig some wine, step on the block with the rocks
But really we be servin' them dummies, see?
Gotta buck him on down
If he come back talkin' like, "Give me back me money!"
Thuggin' with me killers
Need us a liter of liquor but niggas ain't got shit
With a sawed-off pump, chrome .38 pistol
Now who ready to get bent?
Nigga like me fiendin' for them green leaves
But I ain't had no dough
Gotta make some money
So I'm makin' my dummy rocks if I go broke

[Chorus: Bone Thugs-N-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (we gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

[Verse 4: Layzie Bone]
Yeah, Little Lay, hey, comin' in the form of scripture
Finna get ya and hit ya with magic
Droppin' down lead but I call it my gadgets
With an automatic status, we spray
Time to load the Glocks, but I'm thinkin' not
There's another evil force tellin' me to do what I gotta do
So I up my pipe, a nigga dyin' tonight
And I'm always runnin' from the boys in blue
Biggie, blue's on my ass
Now I pull out the cellular phone to call Bone, "What's happenin'?"
Grab artillery, a nigga start packin'
'Cause a motherfucker tried to get me in a jackin'
And I did him, hit him right between the eyes
The spot was wise; wanna test a nigga size, it'll cost him
Nigga fuck around with the wrong shit
Y'all get mo murdered all day, all day
We done paved the way and I'm on the run
I'ma call my boys and bring all the guns
Y'all niggas wanna have a little fun with number one, one, one?
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum

[Chorus: Bone Thugs-N-Harmony]
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (we gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (we gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

[Verse 1]
Johnny's in the basement, mixin' up the medicine
I'm on the pavement, thinkin' about the government
The man in a trench coat, badge out, laid off
Says he's got a bad cough, wants to get it paid off
Look out kid, it's somethin' you did
God knows when, but you're doin' it again
You better duck down the alleyway, looking for a new friend
The man in the coon-skin cap in a pig pen
Wants 11 dollar bills – you only got 10

[Verse 2]
Maggie comes fleet foot, face full of black soot
Talkin' that the heat put plants in the bed, but
Phone's tapped anyway
Maggie says the many say
They must bust in early May
Orders from the D.A
Look out kid, don't matter what you did
Walk on your tip toes, don’t tie no bows
Better stay away from those that carry around a fire hose
Keep a clean nose, watch the plainclothes
You don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows

[Verse 3]
Oh, get sick, get well, hang around a ink well
Hang bail, hard to tell if anything is gonna sell
Try hard, get barred, get back, ride rail
Get jailed, jump bail, join the Army if you fail
Look out kid, you're gonna get hit
By losers, cheaters, six-time users
Hanging 'round the theaters
Girl by the whirlpool's looking for a new fool
Don't follow leaders, a-watch the parking meters

[Verse 4]
Oh, get born, keep warm
Short pants, romance
Learn to dance, get dressed
Get blessed, try to be a success
Please her, please him, buy gifts
Don't steal, don't lift
20 years of schoolin' and they put you on the day shift
Look out kid, they keep it all hid
Better jump down a manhole, light yourself a candle
Don't wear sandals, try to avoid the scandals
Don't want to be a bum, you better chew gum
The pump don't work 'cause the vandals took the handles

[Chorus]
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it

[Verse 1]
I want Monopoly money but I ain't even halfway there
'Cause doin' dirt, a nigga got to take the back way there
What it is, is the biz and it's dirty
You'll get rich but life expectancy is about thirty
Place of business is the hallways, I've been up for four days
On parole with warrants that'll send me back to Rahway
If I get caught across Jersey state lines
Figure this 9-8 and I been runnin' since 8-9
So that's like 9 years delinquent time, you speak in crime then you know
9 years you owe, get knocked, 9 years you gonna go
No probation or parole more time doin' nothin'
Day room to the yard, writin' rhymes and frontin
Carry niggas greasy because I'm built like that
Bury niggas easy 'cause they get killed like that
If you ain't in it wit me then you in my way, but either or
You will respect mine and leave the TEC-9 and leave it for dude
The realest you gonna feel is when you face your death
"Sorry, I didn't know"? Nigga, don't even waste your breath
Coppin' pleas not D why you flippin'
Nigga know the only thing I'm really scared of is slippin'
Lettin' a nigga catch you when I got my guard down, so I keep 'em up
Noddin' off with one eye open, I can freak it
But there's gonna be a time when I close 'em both
Lead poisonin', I'm a get hit with an overdose
Over those drug things, crud things
Think I don't know my slug stains, or blood blaze
Raw gun playin' drama, sadness to another nigga's momma
I'mma be the the one that puts you up in shock trauma
These are troublesome times and the crimes prevail
And the dark side keep a nigga's ass in jail
Bada-boom, bada-bing, some of this and some of that
I gots to boogie for a minute but you know I'm comin' back

[Chorus]
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it

[Verse 2]
Try to show niggas but I can only hope they see
You's a little nigga fit right up in a 6 by 3
Layin' up like this, lips sewn shut eyes closed
Niggas walk past the casket, damn shorty nice pose
You was ballin' nigga 'til your ass got balled out, called out
By some disrespectful ass niggas that go all out
I bet you thought it was real funny, until it had to get cruddy
Me walkin' off leavin' you with all this bloody
What he gonna do when it's all over for real
And the last thing you seein' is that steel?
A blast of light, that's what he seein' if you blast him right
Hit him in his face and hear them close the casket tight
'Cause it's like it ain't nothin' but endin' it to a nigga
Street sweeper like ahhhh, sendin it to a nigga
When you in the house you'll play by house rules
Two words you'll never hear again are house lose
And that's house choose it ain't gonna be that, 'cause I can't see that
Ready to get up in this nigga's ass real good, so where the weed at?
Believe that, you ain't gon' see nothin' gettin' too familiar
And I would tell you what I do but then I'd have to kill you
And it ain't even worth it, I ain't gon' build nothin'
So I just let you go be that same nigga, still frontin'
Laughin' and shit, like you see somethin' funny
What you sayin' sounds good, but let me see somethin' money
For real
(dog nigga, dog nigga, dog nigga, dog nigga nigga)

[Chorus]
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it
Now what y'all want me to do
Keep your shit the hardest
It's about to go down
Niggas is ready to start this
War that's for sure
Nigga come and get it
We Ryde or Die, why?
'Cause our niggas is wit it

[Intro]
All you hoes calling here for my daddy, get off his dick
Like that, mommy?
*Beep*
Hi, daddy, how you doing? This is Tyiest
I was thinking about you last night, mm
You actin' like you can't call me no more 'cause you busy and all of that
But you trying to tell me it wasn't good?
*Beep*
That shit is real fucked up what you did
I hooked you up with my girl and shit
You fucked her every time you see her
You don't even say shit to her, you know what I'm saying?
And all that bitch do is call me all day talking about you
"Why the fuck B.I.G. don't want me?"
*Beep*
Yo, B.I.G., this is Quita
Kenya told me she saw you and Shanie at the mall and I know you ain't fucking her
You fucked with me last night
That's my best friend and we don't get down like that
*Beep*
Yeah, motherfucker, this is Stephanie
I was waiting outside for your ass for like a fucking hour
I don't know what's going on, motherfuckers trying to rob me
You be disappearing and shit, I'm waiting in the cold
What the fuck is going on?
When you get in give me a fucking call, alright?

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the Thrilla in Manila
Honeys call me "Bigga the Condom Filler"
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the epilogue by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean?
I'll fuck around and hit you with the Hennessy dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit (See shit)
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder
It doesn't matter, skinny or fat or light-skinned or black
Baby, I drop these Boricua mamis screaming ¡Ay papi!
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled proper
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote a four-four
For niggas getting mad 'cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G, you see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Getting physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her 'til her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-Town in ya, you want that old thing back

[Chorus: Total & The Notorious B.I.G.]
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Is my mind playing tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, having nightmares of girls killing me?
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past, let's dwell on the 500SL, the E&J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rims with Benjamins
Another honey's in the crib? Please, send her in
I fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot
Used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop
'Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow
Really, though, I got the cleanest, meanest penis
You never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Timb boots and your body suit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase 'em, I replace 'em
And if I'm caressing 'em I'm undressing 'em
Fuck what you heard, who's the best in New York?
Fulfilling fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke
Or Tattoo, I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I nut I got to split
Shit, backshots is my position
I got you wishing for an intermission, fuck the kissin'
Lickin' you down to your belly button, I ain't frontin'
They don't call me big for nuttin' all of a sudden

[Chorus: Total]
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance

[Intro: Nicki Minaj]
You know they say who, who is Nicki Minaj?
You know I'm like a multiple personality bitch
Like, you know, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm a ninja, I'm a boss
I'm, I'm the Harajuku Barbie!

[Chorus: Sasha]
Who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me -
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, moan and groan
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, -mit it, -mit it, -mit it

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
I just heard that I was the baddest in the town
So I came down and had to pick up my crown
Went to Taiwan and had to pick up my wand
Now everybody wanna pick up my sound
Baddest underground since Harriet Tub'
That's why when I come around they hurry and run
And I know it ain't math, but I carry the one
Got a couple body guards that'll carry the guns
Yao Ming, I'mma need a couple Asians
Sayonara, bitches, on a Kawasaki blazin'
Ayo, Rihanna, gotta come up off dem bajans
Call Wyclef, I'm a need a couple Haitians

[Pre-Chorus]
Now, where my West Indies?
Where the fuck my curry chicken and my rice and peas?
My madda cunt Trinis
My Jamaican bod gal, all my Guyanese?

[Chorus: Sasha]
Who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me -
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, moan and groan
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, -mit it, -mit it, -mit it

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
I just found out that I was doper than Amy
Winehouse, maybe
Fresh out the navy
Fresher then a daisy
Used to be on Baisley
Young money bunny, bitch, please say the baby
Please stop callin' me, I'm such a rock star
Assalam alaikum, where the fuck is Akbar?
Give 'em my keys, tell 'em valet my car
B's pon da wheels, you can see them from far
Now all I need is a real mandingo
Gimme good uhh and distribute my single
Bootleg the mixtape out in Nigeria
Hit up Amadu, he can meet the criteria
If he work da middle like a mohawk, tell'em he can meet me where dem girls say aloha
See I got that first class pussy and he used to getting Coach-a
Real good chocha, fuck is my chauffeur?

[Chorus: Sasha]
Who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me -
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, moan and groan
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, -mit it, -mit it, -mit it

[Post-Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Ahh, beam me up, Scotty
My wa-wa wine
My wine is too dutty
C'yeah, beam me up, Scotty
My wa-ba wine
My wine is too dutty

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
One, two, buckle my shoe
No one on the corner has swagger like I do
Keep a two-two, get wetter then boo-hoo
Keep a couple stacks inside of my loo-loo
Excuse me, I'm sorry
I got the 45 special, don't worry
Cause I'm cooler than a bloodclaat flurry
I like mi chicken and mi goat with curry(yeah)

[Pre-Chorus]
Now, where my West Indies?
Where the fuck my curry chicken and my rice and peas?
My madda cunt Trinis
My Jamaican bad gal, all my Guyanese?

[Chorus: Sasha]
Who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me who said dem waan hackle mi body
Dem haffi have a permit and a licence fi me
Now tell me -
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, moan and groan
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, -mit it, -mit it, -mit it

[Post-Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Ahh, beam me up, Scotty
My wa-wa wine
My wine is too dutty
C'yeah, beam me up, Scotty
My wa-ba wine
My wine is too dutty

[Outro: Sasha]
Now tell me -
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, moan and groan
Admit it, mi say me moan and groan
Admit it, -mit it, -mit it, -mit it

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Pop that pussy and shake that ass
Pop that pussy and shake that ass
I say pop that pussy and shake that ass
Pop that pussy and shake that ass
You gotta pop that pussy and shake that ass
Pop that pussy and shake that
No ceilings

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Okay: pockets on He-Man, I get it if I demand
Man, I do it big, to me you niggas wee, man
'Bout to go Pecans, I beat it like three hands
Weezy in the building, you other niggas freelance
I dont give a fizzuck, I done got my shit up
I gotta do a bid; that's push-ups, sit-ups
Fuck with Young Money, bitch nigga get hit up
N-Nigga, "fuck" can't even fuck with us
I'm a Eastside nigga, yeah, Eastside, nigga
Where the muthafucking beef gets deep-fried, nigga
Nigga couldn't see me with three eyes, nigga
You’s a bitch: no U-N-I-T-Y, nigga
On the mic I’m like Pac, I'm like B-I, nigga
Whoever don’t agree come and see my nigga
I'll be waiting in my mansion, seaside nigga
Young muthafucking M-O-N-E-Y, nigga

[Bridge]
Hurt no, hurt no
I dont wanna hurt no, hurt no
But they keep pushing me, pushing me
But they keep pushing me, pushing me
I dont wanna hurt nobody tonight
I dont wanna hurt nobody tonight
But they keep pushing me, pushing me
Everyday pushing me, pushing me

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Pop that pussy and shake that ass
Pop that pussy and shake that ass
I say pop that pussy and shake that ass
Pop that pussy and shake that ass
You gotta pop that pussy and shake that ass
Pop that pussy and shake that
No ceilings

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Okay: Cool & Dre, this is No Ceilings
I do this all day; I got bars, no railings
Looking for a bitch for some sexual healing
Open up her mouth and she catch it like Braylon
Young Weezy F, the 'F' is not for failing
Swagger just dumb, call it Sarah Palin
If you niggas fly, then I must be parasailing
We-We are not the same, I'm a mutherfucking alien

[Verse 3: Birdman]
Back on my saddle with my tool in my hand
Uptown real nigga, bitch, landed in the sand
Back home, nigga, did it for the land
For the grand with the money with the tool in my hand
High life, give a fuck about your stripes, homie
Killer kill, killer spend your bin daily, homie
Turn left get your switch turned off, nigga
Turn right and get your shit took off, nigga
Fuck Grey Goose, cause we higher than we ever been
More loaded, white doves, burning hundreds
Overseas nigga pitching on the top floor
High floor situation from the bottom floor
Born in the middle, shining like a diamond
Red diamonds, big diamonds how we roll, nigga
On 24s, fucking all these hoes, nigga
High life: getting money then we go, nigga

[Outro]
Hurt no, hurt no
I dont wanna hurt no, hurt no
But they keep pushing me, pushing me
But they keep pushing me, pushing me
I dont wanna hurt nobody tonight
I dont wanna hurt nobody tonight
But they keep pushing me, pushing me
Everyday pushing me, pushing me

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Music Video - Intro]
Last October Grammy-nominated producer KANYE WEST was in a nearly fatal car accident. His jaw was fractured in nearly three places. Two weeks later he recorded this song with his mouth still wired shut... so the world could feel his pain!

[Intro]
Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?
Can they, Hop?

[Chorus: Chaka Khan]
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire, even through the fire

[Over Chorus]
I spit it through the wire, man
There's too much stuff on my heart right now, man
I'd gladly risk it all right now
It's a life-or-death situation, man
Y'all, y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man
It's your boy, Kanye to the…
Chi-Town, what's goin' on?
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes, I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wizzerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Tellin' her her son's on life support?
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal, she'd been tryna be mine
She a Delta, so she'd been throwin' that Dynasty sign
No use in me tryna be lyin', I been tryna be signed
Tryin' to be a millionaire, how I used two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots, but I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't tryna make a band
I swear, this right here, history in the makin', man

[Chorus: Chaka Khan]
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire, even through the fire

[Over Chorus]
I really apologize for everything right now
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut
For like… I dunno, the doctor said like six weeks
Y'know, he had, I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
I looked in the mirror
And half my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man
I couldn't believe it
But I'm still here for y'all right now, man
This what I got to say right here, dawg
Yeah, turn me up, yeah, uh

[Verse 2]
What if somebody from the Chi' that was ill got a deal
On the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talkin' 'bout coke and birds
It was more like spoken word, 'cept he's really puttin' it down?
And he explained the story 'bout how Blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye, his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt
You would know how Mase felt (Mason Betha!)
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, driver two wanna sue
I got a lawyer for the case, to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I…
I looked like Tom Cruise in Vanilla Sky, it was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel, ‘cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what, you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown-ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

[Chorus: Chaka Khan]
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever, come what may
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all the way
Right down to the wire, even through the fire

[Over Chorus]
Y'know what I'm sayin'?
When the doctor told me I had, um
That I was gonna have to have a plate in my chin
I said, "Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?"
"It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on!"
You can't be serious, man

[Intro: Dr. Dre]
Yeah, what up, this is Dr. Dre
The party's goin' on
Thank God it's Friday

[Refrain: KRS-One]
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)
(Buck buck buck buck booyakasha!)

[Hook: Dr. Dre]
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Nancy Fletcher]
Hey you! Sittin over there
Say what?
(You better get up out of your chair)
That's right
(And work your body down)
Yeah
(No time to funk around, 'cause we gon')
Funk you right on up
So get up: get a move on and get your groove on
It's the D-R-E the spectacular
In a party I go for your neck, so call me "Blacula"
As I drain a nigga's jugular vein
And maintain to leave blood stains, so don't complain
Just chill, listen to the beats I spill
Keeping it real enables me to make another mil'
Still, niggas run up and try to kill at will
But get popped like a pimple: so call me Clearasil
I wipe niggas off the face of the Earth since birth
I've been a bad nigga, now let me tell you what I'm worth
More than a stealth bomber, I cause drama
The enforcer, music floats like a flying saucer
Or a 747 jet, never forget
I'm that nigga that keeps the hoes' panties wet
The mic gets smoked once you hear the beat kick
With grooves so funky, they come with a Speed Stick
So check the flavor that I'm bringin'
The motherfuckin' D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin'

[Hook: Dr. Dre]
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
1, 2 for the crew, 3, 4 for the dough
5 for the hoes (hoes!) 6, 7, 8 for Death Row
Mad niggas about to feel the full effect of intellect
So I can collect respect - plus a check
Now I fin' to get into my mental
Will take care of this business I need to attend to 'cause my rent's due
And this rap shit's my meal ticket
So you god damn right: I'm gonna kick it or get evicted
I bring terror like Stephen King
A black Casanova, running niggas over like Christine
When I rock the spot with the flavor I got
I get plenty of ass, so call me an ass-tronaut
As I blast past another nigga's ass that thought he was strong
But I smoke him like grass, just like Cheech and Chong
When I flow, niggas know it's time to take a hike
'Cause I grab the mic and flip my tongue like a dyke
I got rhymes to keep you enchanted
Produce a smokescreen with the funky green to keep your eyes slanted
So check the flavor that I'm bringin'
The motherfuckin' D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin'

[Hook: Dr. Dre]
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)

[Bridge]
If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
Debonair with flair, I scare wear and tear
Without a care, running shit as if I was a mayor
But I ain't no politician, no competition
Sending all opposition to see a mortician
I'm up front, never in the backdrop
Step on stage and get faded just like a flat-top
Your rhyme sounds like you bought 'em at Stop 'n Go
Dre came to wax you, so just call me Mop & Glo
Many tried to, but just can't rock with
I'm 6'1", 225, I'm pure chocolate
Your chances of jacking me are slim, G
'Cause I rock from summer until Santa comes down the chimney
Ho ho ho, and so, as I continue to flow
'Cause yo, I'm just a fly negro
So, check the flavor that I'm bringin'
The motherfuckin' D-R-E will keep they motherfuckin' heads ringin'

[Hook: Dr. Dre]
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their motherfuckin' heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Keep their heads ringin'!
(Ring ding dong
Ring-a-ding ding ding dong)
Yeah, uh, come on!

[Bridge]
If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down
If you want to get on down
You gotta get on down
Just get on down

[Outro]
I know you're bobbin' your head
'Cause I can see you
I know you're bobbin' your head
'Cause I can see you
You can't see me!
Death Row, let me know you in the house (Beyotch!)
Yeah, that's right, we out

[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
One, two, three and to the four
Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre is at the door
Ready to make an entrance so back on up
'Cause you know we're 'bout to rip shit up
Give me the microphone first so I can bust like a bubble
Compton and Long Beach together, now you know you in trouble
Ain't nuthin' but a G thang, baby
Two loced out niggas going crazy
Death Row is the label that pays me
Unfadeable so please don't try to fade this (Hell yeah)
But, um, back to the lecture at hand
Perfection is perfected so I'ma let 'em understand
From a young G's perspective
And before me dig out a bitch I have to find a contraceptive
You never know, she could be earnin' her man and learnin' her man
And at the same time burnin' her man
Now, you know I ain't with that shit, Lieutenant
Ain't no pussy good enough to get burnt while I'm up in it (Yeah)
And that's realer than Real-Deal Holyfield
And now you hookers and hoes know how I feel
Well, if it's good enough to get broke off a proper chunk
I'll take a small piece of some of that funky stuff

[Chorus: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg]
It's like this and like that and like this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this and like that and like this and a—
Dre, creep to the mic like a phantom

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
Well, I'm peepin' and I'm creepin' and I'm creepin'
But I damn near got caught 'cause my beeper kept beepin'
Now it's time for me to make my impression felt
So sit back, relax, and strap on your seat belt
You never been on a ride like this befo'
With a producer who can rap and control the micstro
At the same time with the dope rhyme that I kick
You know and I know, I flow some old funky shit
To add to my collection, the selection
Symbolizes dope, take a toke, but don't choke
If you do, you'll have no clue
Of what me and my homie Snoop Dogg came to do

[Chorus: Both & Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
It's like this and like that and like this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill 'til the next episode

[Refrain: Kid Dynamite, Public Enemy & Congress Alley]
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre & Both]
Fallin' back on that ass with a hellafied gangsta lean
Gettin' funky on the mic like a old batch of collard greens
It's the capital S, oh, yes, I'm fresh, N, double-O, P
D, O, double-G, Y, D, O, double-G, you see
Showin' much flex when it's time to wreck a mic
Pimpin' hoes and clockin' a grip like my name was Dolemite
Yeah, and it don't quit
I think they in the mood for some motherfuckin' G shit (Hell yeah)
So, Dre (What up, Dogg?)
Gotta give 'em what they want (What's that, G?)
We gotta break 'em off somethin' (Hell yeah)
And it's gotta be bumpin' (City of Compton)

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
Is where it takes place, so when asked, your attention
Mobbin' like a motherfucker but I ain't lynchin'
Droppin' the funky shit that's makin' the sucker niggas mumble
When I'm on the mic, it's like a cookie, they all crumble
Try to get close and your ass'll get smacked
My motherfuckin' homie Doggy Dogg has got my back
Never let me slip, 'cause if I slip, then I'm slippin'
But if I got my nina, then you know I'm straight trippin'
And I'ma continue to put the rap down, put the mac down
And if you bitches talk shit, I have to put the smack down
Yeah, and you don't stop
I told ya I'm just like a clock when I tick and I tock
But I'm never off, always on to the break of dawn
C-O-M-P-T-O-N and the city they call Long Beach
Puttin' the shit together
Like my nigga D.O.C., no one can do it better

[Chorus: Both & Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Like this, that and this and a—
It's like that and like this and like that and a—
It's like this, and who gives a fuck about those?
So just chill 'til the next episode

[Outro: Kid Dynamite, Public Enemy & Congress Alley]
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)
You've got the feeling
Rock the other side
You've got the feeling (Yeah, yeah)

[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and Pharrell]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back

[Verse 1: Mystikal]
I really be throwin' my words
Standing 'em up, and jammin' on the one
That ain't nobody but Neptunes bammin' on the drum
Swift flip kicks landing from the tongue
More dramatic than Batman and Robin, ba na na na na na
The one that be handling business, be sharper than a thumb tack
The one that be dropping these albums, showing 'em how to come back
And you gone respect me, appreciate where I run at
You ain't gone piss me off, cause you sorry that you done that
I gets meaner, badder, stronger and ferocious
You don't even much want to see the rest
I'm coming back mo' fearless, mo' determined to fold the set
I ain't even started yet
So if you ain't ready you better get ready
Know I do it better when I'm being opposed
Ah stick ya chest out, keep ya chin up
And sometimes you gotta get knocked down to get up

[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and Pharrell]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back

[Verse 2: Mystical]
No matter what happened, that's only once, it's shame on you
You come up and here and do it again then its shame on me
Sometimes we be getting in trouble you didn't want learn
Sometimes we be getting so rude you ain't want see
I accept my wages like the way that I fail
I grow, I take strides and but 'em under my belt
I learned from you just like you learned from me
I plead, I pray for peace and perfect harmony
Somebody say fool you better keep on rapping
Stop that trippin', causin it ain't gone happen
I told them look you better mind yo business
Change yo' way of thinking and keep on living
Done started some trouble and you ain't been out since
Cause you stuck inside scared watching CNN
Just take the precaution so yo life a be better
Tell my friends to call me I ain't accepting no letters

[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and Pharrell]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back

[Verse 3: Mystical]
Oh you heard about it, yeah you had to
Hmm-huh, I know you change ya mind you ain't the only one with bad news
I know that they made you feel strange huh
You was right in the middle complaining and forgot what you was cryin bout
It could be you time and it might be
You can't do nothing about it, its God will thats just how life be
One day it hit 'cha then its gone
And I'm serious and you ain't never even gone feel it until it hit home
That's when the pain run sharper and deeper
You ain't eat that's when the days feel slow and long
I know you miss 'em so it's time to uplift 'em
Try to pick the pieces up and find a way to drive on
I tell you the truth so don't lie to me
Get back Satan don't bother me
And that's the way its gotta be
And when its over and done with I hope you proud of me

[Chorus 2x: Mystikal and Pharrell]
You keep bumping me against the wall
Yeah I know I let you slide before
But until you seen me...trust me
You ain't seen bouncin' back

[Outro 2x: Mystikal and Pharrel]
You keep bumpin’ me against the wall!
You keep bumpin’ me against the wall!
You keep bumpin’ me against the wall!
You ain’t seen bouncin' back!

[Produced by DJ Toomp]

[Intro]
Stadium status

[Chorus]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin

[Verse 1]
It's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout
Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out "Jigga"
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell 'bout
J-A-Y, and 'Ye so shy
That he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig"
But he got me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib

[Chorus]
Big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel, why don't you wave your hands?

[Verse 2]
Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm 'bout to take mine
'Round the same time of that Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say "Damn! Oh, that's you?"
But by The Black Album, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like "Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there" but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum

[Chorus]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin, begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands?

[Verse 3]
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped "Jesus Walks" now I'm on the steeple
And we know, "New Jack City"—got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'ma beat my brother
On that "Diamonds" remix I swore I spazzed
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivalry, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was drivin' me
At the Grammys I said, "I inspired me"
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kicked a flow it was like pick-and-roll
'Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
And my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like, "Damn, no way"
Translate, español: "No way, José"
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gon' come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse

[Bridge]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
So here's a few words from ya kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go on 'head tell 'em
People never get the flowers while they can still smell 'em
A idol in my eyes, god of the game
Heart of the City, Roc-a-Fella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother

[Chorus]
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D., my mentor, and that's where the story ends

[Outro]
Toomp killed this shit

[Intro: Mannie Fresh]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Grown-ups, in between, children and babies
Right about now is your boy, ya heard?
Back again, DJ Mannie Fresh, Fre-re-re-re-Fresh
Yeah, Fre-re-re-re-Fresh
Fre-re-re-re-Fresh, Fre-re-re-re-Fresh

[Hook: Mannie Fresh]
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, that's my DJ
Go DJ, yeah, well Weezy Wee

[Interlude: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Step up to the mic, dude, do what you do, ya heard?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ladies and gentlemen
What you have here is brought to you courtesy of
The young man Young Carter and the great man Mannie Fresh
So what I want y'all out there to do for me is
Say this

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that's my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that's my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
So "Go DJ," 'cause that my, 'cause that my

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Murder 101, the hottest nigga under the sun
I come from under the Tommy busting a Tommy
You come from under ya garments, ya chest and ya arm hit
Pow! One to the head, now you know he dead
Now, you know I play it like a pro in the game
Naw, better yet, a veteran, a hall of fame
I got that medicine, I'm better than all the names
Ayy, it's Cash Money Records, man, a lawless gang
Put some water on the track, Fresh, for all this flame
Wear a helmet when you bang it, man, and guard your brain
'Cause the flow is spazmatic, what they call insane
That ain't even my motherfuckin' aim, I gets dough, boy
And you already know that pimpin'
18, how I'm living? Youngin, show that Bentley
Stunna my Pa, so you know that's in me
Gotti my mentor, so don't go there with me, oh!
(Let me hit the blunt first)

[Hook]
Go DJ, 'cause that's my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(This is Tha Carter, oh)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
So "Go DJ," 'cause that my, 'cause that my
(These niggas is hilarious)
Go DJ, 'cause that my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(This is Tha Carter, blap)
Go DJ, 'cause that my DJ
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(Put your binoculars on, try to see me)
'Cause that my, uh, that my
Let's go

[Verse 2]
And I move like the coupe through traffic
Rush hour, GT Bent', roof is absent
Your bitch present with the music blastin'
And she keep askin', "How it shoot if it's plastic?"
I tell her, "You'll see if your boy run up"
She sat back and cut Tha Carter back up, uh, fo' sho'
Ay, Big Mike, they better step they's authority up
Before they step to a sergeant's son, I got army guns
You niggas never harmin' Young
Fly Wizzy, my opponent's done, I'm done talkin' (shut up)
And I ain't just begun
I been runnin' my city like Diddy, you chump
I fly by you in a foreign whip
On the throttle, with a model-bony bitch, pair of phony tits
Her hair is long as shit, to her thong and shit
Well, here we go, so hold on to this

[Interlude]
Now let's go
Hold on, let me hit the blunt again
So, go
Y'all say it with me this time
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is the, this is the, this is the
This is Tha Carter, oh

[Hook]
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ (That my DJ, Mannie Fresh)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ (Uh, that my DJ)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(These niggas so mad at me right now, Fresh)
Say go DJ, 'cause that my, 'cause that my, 'cause that my
(Guess what though, guess what?)

[Verse 3]
Birdman, put them niggas in a trash can
Leave 'em outside of your door, I'm your trashman
I'm steady lighting up the hash, and, riding in my Jag
You will need a gas mask, man
You snakes, stop hiding in the grass
Sooner or later I'll cut it, now the blade's in your ass
You homo niggas getting AIDS in the ass
While the homie here tryna get paid in advance
I'm staying on my grizzy, I'm a bona fide hustler
Play me or play with me, then I'm gonna find your mother
Niggas wanna eat, 'cause they ain't ate nothin'
But niggas wanna leave when you say you out of mustard
So I'ma walk into the restaurant alone
Leaving out, leaving behind just residue and bones
In your residence with Rugers to your dome
Like, "Where the fuck you holding the coke?"
Holding your throat, choke

[Interlude]
So, go
So, go
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
Y’all say it with me
This is Tha Carter, oh

[Hook]
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(And that my DJ)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(Mannie, Mannie Fresh, yes, that’s my DJ)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(And this Tha Carter)
Say "Go DJ," 'cause that my DJ
(Call me if you’re fuckin’ with me)
Go DJ

[Intro]
Yeah
Millzy, I see you
T told me, "Do this shit"
So I'ma do this shit
No Ceilings!
Yeah, haha
Hahaha
I'ma run this town tonight
All right, now
Ugh

[Verse]
Nigga, we are so ready for the war
C-A-R-T-E-R, put the beat in ER
I'm colder than "B-R," add another three Rs
Watch me like DVD/VCR
Pump to your chest, I ain't talking CPR
Riding this track like a motherfucking streetcar
New Orleans coroner—his name is Frank Minyard
Fuck with me wrong, you’ll be waking up in his yard
Man, I go crazy on the beat, I go nimrod
Man, I act a ass, treat the beat like a hem'rrhoid
Man, I go to work on the beat, call it "employed"
Man, I kicks it, bitch, get your shinguard! Ugh
Young Money run this—towns, countries
I still eat rappers—mmm, scrumptious
My goons tote thumpers, they pump 'em like krumpers
Anybody beat, I'm gon' go Archie Bunkers
Tunechi be the wildest, let's run the metropolis
I pop like lollys, you drop like eyelids
The money keep calling, I hear the shit dialing
And they say money talks, you can hear my shit holl'ing
You softer than ny-lin; oops, I meant "nylon"
Perfection is the goal, and I’m headed to the pylon
Crown fit me good, I ain’t even got to try on
The pistol mean business—that bitch should have a tie on
T done told me, "Do this shit," so I had to do this shit
I get superhero money, call a nigga "super-rich"
Keep it "super" for a while, let me get on my "super-" shit
Super-ill, super-sick—dog, I go super-Vick
Ran into a superwoman, turned her to a super-bitch
Hit her with that super-dick, she be coming super-quick
Super-Millz, Mack, Tyga, Streets, 'Nelly, Super Nick'
Super-Drizzy, Gudda, Chuckee, Twist, that's the super-clique
Now, I’m off that "super" shit, fuck that shit, I super-quit
Running circles 'round the game, like a hula hoop and shit
You gon' have to loop this shit, there won’t be a duplicate
And my blunts be super-thick, I'm higher than a Supra kick
I—I’m the bomb, baby, watch me nuke this shit
When I leave the booth, they gotta scoop this shit
My apologies, diabolically
I’m the prodigy—do you roger me?
I look in the flames and see a hotter me
But how come I’m still colder than common-ly?
Yeah, we run this town, like a lot of feet
Young Mula, baby; I'm proud of me

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

[Verse 1: Puff Daddy]
Now first come the cash, then come the ass
Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash
When I score with a whore, she be game for sure
Pimp so hard a nigga drag his mink on the floor
Won't you admit it? I ain't gotta talk because I live it
Any chick fuckin' with me, believe me, that's a privilege
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it
See, you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it
And Big be that nigga, we be flyin' through your hood
And hood rats scopin' with their eyes on my goods
See, we date 'em like we hate 'em, see 'em like we don't need 'em
Treat 'em like we beat 'em, and never give up freedom
And we only give our number to selected few
And it's best that you never knew what good head'll do
Turn a freak to a bisexual
And if she's flexible, fuck the nigga next to you

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh, uhh
"When the Remy's in the system, ain't no tellin'
Will I fuck him? Will I diss him?", that's what these hoes yellin'
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all still chase 'em, I'll replace 'em
Drunk off Dom, silk and gators
Spittin' words, make a bird tell they flock see you later
Whether, drunk or high, skunk or Thai
Nigga play against some playa shit, slugs gon' fly
Ain't gon' lie, pimped out her SSI
Nigga don't ask why, just respect it
She bought me the necklace, the bracelet
The Benz-o - she laced it
Crib-o, got it, interior decorated
Now my popularity grew in each state
Now I got 2 in each state
Used to drink brew and eat steak
Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates, shit

[Chorus: Carl Thomas]
The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

[Verse 3: Too Short]
I had a whole lot of bitches in my lifetime
I been blessed with the game, always say the right lines
Had a few prostitutes, and if you knew the truth
They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you!
She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch, man
She wanna be a Pretty Woman lovin' a rich man
Now here you come, drop top ridin'
You ain't no pimp, fake nigga, stop lyin'
Pussy makes money, stick to the business
Think about the real motherfuckers that lived it
Street life, pimp shit, make the ho respect the game
You bought her diamonds and cars, trick, that's a shame
Say what you want, but I still figure
She left you 'cause you couldn't be like them real niggas
She was a hustler by nature and you was just faker
Than the average simps, found a badder pimp

[Outro: Too Short]
Crazy ass man
I never would have bought that bitch all them cars
And all that shit you bought that hoe, man
After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe!
Man I'm 30 years old, nigga
And that bitch was hoein' when I was in 9th grade and shit
Think about that: she been around then right?
Shit, you just a rest haven for hoes, man
Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen
Bitch only fuckin' with you cause you had a good ass job, nigga
Nerd...treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her
Stupid ass nigga, she ain't nothin' but a hoe!
Bet you fell in love with her man!
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife, fool
Every time you turn your back, that bitch is fuckin' with them gangstas
Eastside, Westside - these are my partners
Do that shit, you know what I'm talkin' 'bout nigga
I tell you about some real pimps and hoes
Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man
Yeah I know a few, shit
Beyotch!

[Intro: Fabolous]
Yes!
What it look like, Alc'?
I'm tryna show these niggas, man
It's that Street Fam, man, we rep that (Hahahaha!)
Loso! Street fi-di-di-di-dam (Yes!)

[Verse 1: Fabolous]
Yo, I'm with 101 niggas, we Dalmatian-doggy-deep (Yes)
And fly with the tongue, so if you feeling froggy, leap (C'mon)
Kermit, you better think before you ribbit
Don't get murdered over your song before you ad-lib it
I pop up like Xzibit (Yeah), but given I'm at your crib, it's (Yeah)
Not to put no fucking fish tanks in your Civic (Nah)
Fuck getting your ride pimped, you'll get hog-tied, wimp
Have you in the trunk curled up like fried shrimp (Hahahaha)
It's been a good year, maybe I should ride blimp (What you think?)
'Cause your boy just stay above the game
They tryna tag him, spray a brother frame
But your shots can't reach me, I'm way above your aim, ha
Go 'head, nigga, say another name
Take this family for a joke (Ayy), play them Wayan-brother games
And I'ma Git You Sucka, I be scheming with this Keenan (That's right)
Aimin with this Damon, I'm putting that Major Payne in (Oh)
My Little Man is on you, Marlon and Shawn you (Yeah)
Lay the beef on his noodle, make some Luger lasagna
Forty-cal fettuccine, trey-pound pasta
You reach for this medallion, you must like Italian, nigga
You only see me pushing if the driver's tired (Yes!)
I work the S6 ever since the 5 retired (Yes!)
The drop-top, they say it's Ocean Drive-inspired
So you can call a cab once your bitch fall for Fab

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Juelz Santana]
Ugh, I get money like a muh'fucka
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Oh, I'm getting money like a muh'fucka (Mr. HD)
Yeah, money you ain't never see (High definition)
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing (That's how I'm coming at you niggas, you dig? Santana! Ayy!)
But you ain't got nothing on me (Hahaha!)

[Verse 2: Juelz Santana]
I'm on the grind 'til the police come (Yeah)
With that pistol on my side, boy, don't be dumb (Ha), or
I let that semi twirl you (Get 'em); now you can follow the drip
'Cause one shot out of the clip'll Jheri-curl you (Ooh)
Leave you sloppy like seconds, obey me like peasants
Or get opened up like presents—please!
My young boys wildin' for respect
Slit your throat, have you smiling with your neck, say cheese" (Ha)
My dough's a bit longer (Yup), my flow is just slaughter (Yup)
My wrist look like frozen Poland Spring water (Damn)
So tell me, boys, tell me, boys, who you think you messing with? (Who?)
I get money out the ass, that's some expensive shit (Ill!)
Haven't you all heard? (What?) Y'all all herbs (Yup!)
I stick toothpicks (Where?) in y'all hors d'oeuvres
(Listen...) I'm a shark, y'all just koi fish
(What else?) Octopus (What else?) Oysters (Haha!)
Chump! I got my eye on your wifey now (Yeah!)
I have her lick me up (Up!) and then wipe me down (Down!)
She told me you's a nag, you's a bug (Damn!)
She told me I'm a blast, I'm a stud (Damn!)
She told me you'd be beastin', you'd be checkin' for the burns
So I gave her knee pads for the rug (Haha!)
It's Skull Gang from the chain to the lifestyle
You surfboard dudes get wiped out—totally

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Ugh, ohh, I'm getting money like a muh'fucka
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Oh, I'm getting money like a muh'fucka
Yeah, money you will never see
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
But you ain't got nothing on me (Uh-huh, check me out)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Get you—three, four—get you
Like the number after one, I'ma get me, too
It's Weezy F.-U; now, you gotta have a baby
My money don't folds nor bends—Mercedes
Maybach, grey-black
And I got a four-four and a 'K, like eight stacks
Fuck your city and your town, I state facts— Take that!
No, better yet, like Diddy: "Take that"
Wait—rats, I hate rats, I clean 'em out like Ajax
Got paper like a fax machine, asi-neen
Damn I mean asinine, I'm dapper don, and after mine
There will be nine, damn I mean, there will be none
I will be one, of the greatest things you've ever felt
You've ever seen, or heard, Carter, Harvard, y'all scared
Not me, not I, call me "Young Popeye"
Tell Bluto I'm a Nuno, I bring RAL to your fun'ral
Damn, I mean "funer-al," "funer-uhl"
You say "tomato," I say "to-mah-to"
You say "get 'em," I say "got 'em"—yeah, I got 'em!
Man, you better keep paying me 'cause you don't want my problems
I be wildin' like Capital One—what is in your wallet?
You fly, but what is it to pilot?
Weezy—I'm at the top, foot up in your bottom
Huh, damn, I mean, "foot up in your ass"
I kick that shit, now go'n' put it in the trash

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Deezle! Ugh, I'm getting money like a muh'fucka
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm getting money like a muh'fucka
Yeah, money you will never see
Yeah, ugh, ugh
And you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm gettin' money like a muh'fucka
Shades darker than a bitch, but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Yeah, I'm getting money like a muh'fucka
Yeah, big money, nigga
Big money, nigga, big money, nigga
Yeah, and you ain't got nothing on me

[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G. & Diddy]
Bad Boy, baby
Yeah, yeah
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah
B.I.G. 2000, B.I.G. 2000 again
Yeah

[Chorus: Diddy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Relax and take notes while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke—gunsmoke, gunsmoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer
The hooker layer, motherfucker, say your prayers!
"Hail Mary, full of grace..." Smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face off her back
Jab her if she act funny with the money
Oh, you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, capisce-ah? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho?
The head honcho, swift fists like Cu-macho
I got so much styles I should be down with the Stylistics
"Make up to break up," niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit, just the two hits
Her hittin' the floor and me hittin' the clit
Sucking on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was Humpin' Around and Jumpin' Around
Jacked her, then, I asked her, "Who's her man?" She said, "B-I-G,"
Then I bust in her E-Y-E

[Chorus: Diddy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Junior MAFIA, Bad Boy)
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Who got it going on?)
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Who got it going on?)
You're dead wrong

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
When I get dusted I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over, Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, uh
Leave you toothless, you'll kibitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the TEC, Gs
Disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shooting babies; no ifs, ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis after she sucked the dick
I stabbed her brother with the ice pick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Found your father hiding in a room, fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealing with?
Anybody step into my path is fucking feeling it
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab you 'til you're gushy, so please don't push me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon got the little hookers screaming (Woo!)
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?

[Chorus: Diddy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong, who got it going on? (You're dead wrong)
You're dead wrong Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it going on?
(This 2000, Bad Boy forever, baby) You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong, who got it going on? (Who got it going on?)
You're dead wrong Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong who got it going on?
(Ladies and gentlemen...) You're dead wrong

[Verse 3: Eminem]
There's several different levels to Devil worshiping
Horses' heads, human sacrifices, cannibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals, having sex with 'em, camels, mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kicked the habit
I just beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fucking meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin', I got a .9 in my pocket
And baby, I'm just dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My Uzi's heavy as yours, yeah you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I'll lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceiling, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wed on the third, then she's dead on the fourth
I'm dead wrong!

[Chorus: Diddy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (You're dead wrong)
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on? (Junior MAFIA, Bad Boy)
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong (Uh-huh)
Who got it going on? (Born Again, yeah)
You're dead wrong
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong (C'mon)
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong (C'mon)
Yo Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong (*repeat to fade*)

[Outro: Diddy]
We won't stop, 'cause we can't stop

[Produced by Chucky Thompson and Mario Winans]

[Intro: Ludacris & (Pharrell)]
We drop bows on 'em, bows on 'em, when we
We drop bows on 'em, bows on 'em, when we (throw dem 'bows)
We drop bows on 'em, bows on 'em, when we
We drop bows on 'em, bows on 'em, when we (throw dem 'bows)

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Cadillac grills, Cadillac mills
Check out the oil my Cadillac spills
Matter of fact, candy-paint Cadillacs kill
So check out the hoes my Cadillac fills
20-inch wide, 20-inches high
Ho, don't you like my 20-inch ride?
20-inch thighs make 20-inch eyes
Hoping for American 20-inch pies
Pretty-ass clothes, pretty-ass toes
Oh, how I love these pretty-ass hoes
Pretty-ass, high-class, anything goes
Catch 'em in the club throwing pretty-ass bows
Long john drawers, long john stalls
Any stank puss make my long john pause
Women on their cell making long john calls
And if they like to juggle, get long john's balls

[Chorus: Ludacris & Pharrell Williams]
All my players in the house that can buy the bar
And the ballin'-ass niggas with the candy cars
If you a pimp and you know you don't love them hoes
When you get on the floor, nigga, throw dem bows
All my women in the house if you chasing cash
And you got some big titties with a matching ass
With your fly-ass boots or your open-toes
When you get on the floor, nigga, throw dem 'bows

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Dirty South mind blowing Dirty South bread
Catfish fried up, Dirty South fed
Sleep in a cot'-picking Dirty South bed
Dirty South gurrls give me Dirty South head
Hand-me-down flip-flops, hand-me-down socks
Hand-me-down drug dealers hand me down rocks
Hand me down a 50-pack Swisher Sweets box
And goodfella rich niggas hand me down stocks
Mouth full of platinum, mouth full of gold
40-Glock cal' keep your mouth on hold
Lie through your teeth, you could find your mouth cold
And rip out your tongue cause of what your mouth told
Sweat for the lemonade, sweat for the tea
Sweat from the hot sauce, sweat from the D
And you can sweat from a burn in the 3rd degree
And if you sweat in your sleep, then you sweat from me

[Chorus: Ludacris & Pharrell Williams]
All my players in the house that can buy the bar
And the ballin'-ass niggas with the candy cars
If you a pimp and you know you don't love them hoes
When you get on the floor, nigga, throw dem bows
All my women in the house if you chasing cash
And you got some big titties with a matching ass
With your fly-ass boots or your open-toes
When you get on the floor, nigga, throw dem 'bows

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
Hit by stars, hit by cars
Drunk off the liquor getting hit by bars
Keep your girl close cause she's a hit, by far
Hit by the Neptunes, hit by guitars
Afro picks, Afro-chicks
I let my "Soul Glow" from my Afro dick
Rabbit out the hat, pulling Afro tricks
Afro-American, Afro thick
Overall country, overall jeans
Overall Georgia, we overall clean
"Southern Hospitality" or "overall mean"
Overall triple, overall beams
Thugged-out niggas wear thugged-out chains
Thugged-out blocks playing thugged-out games
All black, tinted up thugged-out Range
DTP stay doing thugged out thangs

[Chorus: Ludacris & Pharrell Williams]
All my players in the house that can buy the bar
And the ballin'-ass niggas with the candy cars
If you a pimp and you know you don't love them hoes
When you get on the floor, nigga throw dem bows
All my women in the house if you chasing cash
And you got some big titties with a matching ass
With your fly-ass boots or your open-toes
When you get on the floor, nigga, throw dem 'bows
All my players in the house that can buy the bar
And the ballin'-ass niggas with the candy cars
If you a pimp and you know you don't love them hoes
When you get on the floor, nigga, throw dem bows
All my women in the house if you chasing cash
And you got some big titties with a matching ass
With your fly-ass boots or your open-toes
When you get on the floor, nigga throw dem 'bows

[Outro: Pharrell Williams]
Nigga, throw dem 'bows
Nigga, throw dem 'bows
Nigga, throw dem 'bows
Nigga, throw dem 'bows

[Segue from "Hypnotize"]
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your...

[Skit]
TREVIN JONES: Welcome back
We're here on Bad Boy Television, and I'm Trevin Jones
And I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper
And quite frankly, he's very mad
We're gonna try to find out why
So we'll take some questions at this point from our studio audience
Yes ma'am, please stand and state your name and where you're from
SHAY: Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle. And I just don't understand; why you so mad?
Like, what are you so mad about?
THE MAD RAPPER: Yo, yo, yo-yo, y'know, yo you wanna know why? Yo, first of all, you can't be askin' me no question, youknowhatI'msayin'?
Who the fuck is you?
TREVIN JONES: Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'msayin? You can't be askin' me no question
TREVIN JONES: It's a family oriented show
THE MAD RAPPER: I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'ma tell you why I'm mad, I'ma tell you why I'm mad
These niggas is makin' five hundred thousand dollar videos, youknowsayin?
They drivin' around in hot cars, youknowsayin?
They got bitches, they got all that shit
TREVIN JONES: Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'ms--?
I'm still livin' with my Moms, youknowhatI'msayin?
That's my word, youknowI'ms—?
I'm makin' records, I ain't made no money yet I done made—
This is my fourth album, yo, this my fourth album
I ain't made a dime yet
This nigga made one album, he makin' wild records
That "Ready to Die" shit, it was aight, it was aight, youknowI'msayin
That shit was aight, it was cool
But my shit is J—more John Blaze than that! I got John Blaze shit And they not resp-ecognising, they not sayin'— "I recognize"
And fuck is that, who is you to be askin' me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you?

[Interlude: Martin Lawrence & The Notorious B.I.G.]
I gots to talk
I gotta tell what I feel (Mhm)
I gotta talk about my life as I see it

[Intro: The Notorious B.I.G.]
(Biggie)
Uh, uh-huh
Uh, this goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you, and you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
This goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you (Uh)

[Verse 1]
Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs and rapper-dons (Uh)
Get in that ass quick-fast like Ramadan
It's that rap phenomenon Don Dada, fuck Poppa
You gotta call me Francis M.H
White, intake light tokes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low and keep firin'
Keep extra clips for extra shit (Uh-huh)
Who's next to flip on that cat with that grip on rap?
The most shady (Tell 'em!) Frankie, baby
Ain't no tellin' where I may be
May see me in D.C
At Howard Homecoming with my man Capone, dumbin'
Fuckin' somethin', you should know my steelo:
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
To orgies with hoes I never seen before, so
Jesus! Get off the Notorious'
Penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it with the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get — who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than "Great Adventure"
Biggie ("How are you gonna do it?")

[Chorus]
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more (Uh, uh-huh)

[Verse 2]
On ya mark, get set when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked for death (Uh)
Should I start your breath, or should I let ya die?
In fear, you start to cry, ask why, lyrically I'm
Worshiped, don't front, the word sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit, you herbs get
Stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin', I punish 'em (Uh-huh), I'm done with them (Uh-huh)
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them, 'cause they nothin' but dicks
Tryna blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's sick
Got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own clique
Take trips to Cairo, layin' wit' yo' bitch
I know you prayin' you was rich, fuckin' prick, when I see ya, I'ma...

[Chorus]
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Uh, uh, uh)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"

[Verse 3]
This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of N-Y
Fuck that, why try? Throw bleach in ya eye
Now ya braillin' it, snatch that light shit, I'm scalin' it
Conscious of ya nonsense, in '88
Sold more powder than Johnson & Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, Vigilante
You wanna get on, son, you need to aks me
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing, they siblings
Nothin' but my children, one shot — they disappearin' (Uh)
It's ill when MCs used to be on cruddy shit
Took home Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They lightweight, fragili, my nine milli
Make the whites shake, that's why my money never funny
And you still recoupin', stupid!
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid...

[Verse 1]
Rolling stocky, kinda brocky on the streets where niggas watch me
If you plotting I'mma prol'ly get to pop at your noggin
I'm a Hollygrove problem, like "Follow me yeah
Come and be my death volunteer,"
That's why I'm here, I come to get that scratch
I done been to jail twice and tell them crackers I ain't never going back, huh?
Rode through the city with the metal on my back, huh?
Gave me a shot and I sent several of 'em back, huh?
Gave me some money, they won't ever get it back now
One million, two million, three million: I'm stacked now
No more crack now, it's in the back for now
Just in case she crack down
I never back down, shit bitch, I might react now
But, 4 million, 5 million, 6 million: I'm that now
Where you at clown? I'm high in the sky
You at ground, so set down you bitch you

[Hook]
Money on my mind, pistol on my side
I make a nigga hide that pride
I ain't got time for you bitches, I'm trying get these riches
Real niggas know that vision
I ain't time for you haters, I'm trying get this paper
Real ladies know that labor
I ain't got time for you snitches, I'm trying get them riches
Real niggas know that vision

[Verse 2]
You motherfuckers know what I'm out here doing
And you ain't gotta buy it, if you not into it
Dope block influenced, blue pale light, scream
I'm on that same ass block letting the bell ring
Looking for the boy, the one in the back
I could get your stomach out of your back
I could make you shit better, this better, than what them selling
They need drugs no penicillin and I'm the medicine man
Yes I am him, yup-yup
Hip-hip, hoo-ray, 20 hard came today
And two large was the pay, and the Coast Guard said it was okay
Bring them barge to the bay
And my bitch looks like a DeBarge so I call her bait
She put packs in her bra, and the keys in the case
If she ever try to skate with the cake, and relocate
I got her social and her birth date, bitch please

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I talk like a hustler, walk like a hustler
Stripper attitude, only money make me move
Dapper dan status, I'm the stunner part two
I got an image to uphold, and my image do, too
I'm off the scrimmage line like Emmitt 2-2
Why would the quarterback give it to you?
I gotta hundred sacks, and a hundred women; French twist
And we don't even talk, we just French kiss, I could never get pinched
I'm rocking like a big pimp
Momma only dated hustlers, so I could only commend them
And never roll with a dummy on your hip
Have the judge giving you a run-on sentence
Never that, I keep the gun on for that business
And when I'm not, I'm at business
See that's that, mad business, peep the simplistics
It's Cash Money, nigga, just live it

[Hook]

[Intro]
You know, I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody, this year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around
Like I owe 'em somethin'
The fuck you want from me, ten-million dollars?
Get the fuck outta here

[Chorus]
You see, I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

[Verse 1]
Yo, you might see me joggin', you might see me walkin'
You might see me walkin' a dead Rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollerin' at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin'
Or leanin' out a window with a cocked shotgun
Drivin' up the block in the car that they shot Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressin' ridiculous
Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off 'cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this
Watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wristwatches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Startin' shit like some twenty-six-year-old skinny Cartman (Goddamn it!)
An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill *NSYNC, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch, retarded? Give me back my sixteen dollars!
All I see is sissies in magazines smilin'
Whatever happened to wilin' out and being violent?
Whatever happened to catchin' a good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin'
And gettin' your shoes, coat and your hat tooken?

[Bridge]
New Kids on the Block suck a lot of dick
Boy, girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it (Hahaha)

[Verse 2]
Vanilla Ice don't like me (Uh-uh), he said some shit in Vibe to spite me (Yo)
Then went and dyed his hair just like me (Haha)
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screamin' "I don't care, just bite me!" (Na-na)
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little four-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear in faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer (Hehe)
And call themselves clowns 'cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin' Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away (Fuckin' punks)
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin' faggots the fuck out
Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out (ahh)
Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck — blaow!
Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10
And I don't need help from D12 to beat up two females
In make-up who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
"Slim Anus"? You damn right, slim anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm not a wrestler guy
I'll knock you out if you talk about me (You talk about me)
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me (Assholes doubt me)
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me (Best shot at me)

[Verse 3]
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me?
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop?
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
"Oh, he just did some shit with Missy
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy"
My fuckin' bitch mom's suin' for ten-million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin'
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit?
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it, bitch: Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers?
It doesn't matter, 

[your attorney Fred Gibson’s a] faggot
Talkin' about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass (Ugh!)
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do?
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin' and fussin' over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got ninety-some cousins (Hey it's me!)
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house (Hey!)
And then to top it off I walked to the newsstand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help
Uh, here, "XXL! XXL!"
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Aw, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)
Because I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers)
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

[Intro: JAY-Z]
Uhh, uhh
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, what
Hah, what, how real is this?
Uhh, uhh, how real is this?
What? Uhh, what?
Uhh

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
We push the hottest V's, peel fast
Through the city, play Monopoly with real cash
Me and Biggie and the models be shakin' they sadiddy ass
And Prada be somethin' you cats got to see
And the watches be all types and shapes of stones
Bein' broke is childish and I'm quite grown
Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Paisan
Scope the spot out, see somethin' nice and I'm gone
You cats is home screamin' the fight's on
I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watchin' Tyson
Same night, same fight
But one of us cats ain't playin' right, I let you tell it
People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get
And any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense, don't it? Now make dollars
Cats pop bottles, bone chicks that favor Idalis
And rack up frequent flight mileage

[Chorus: Angela Winbush]
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I'm poppin' Magnums while Jigga bag somethin'
Watch is platinum, got jet lag from
Flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes
Make the best CDs and the best tapes
Don't forget the vinyl; take girls, break spinals
Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit
You seen the Jesús, dipped to H classes
Ice project off lights, chick flashes
Blind your broke asses, even got rocks in the beards and mustaches
Rock top fashions
Ain't shit changed, 'cept the number after the dot on the Range
Way niggas look at me now, kinda strange
I hate y'all too
Rather be in Caribbean sands with Rachel
It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal
Bitches used to go, "Ewww!"
Still tote steel, I'm tryin' to see five mil off the single, for real
You ain't fazin' the amazin'
While your gun's raisin', mine is blazin'
See you want see me all talkin' to sweetness
Take it for weakness and leave quick
Blocka, Roc-A-Fella, Bad Boy collabo
Two MCs with mad dough, you know

[Chorus: Angela Winbush]
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey (I love the dough)
I love the dough, more than you know (gonna let it show)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
Miraculous, pockets stay full
Niggas skip the bull 'cause we matadors
Snatch the P89s that we pack in the drawers
And we clap the doors of your Acuras
Snap like, cameras on amateurs
Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours
Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks or flaws
Everybody got a part to play, back to yours
Run up in your crib now, crack your doors
Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss
Play the charts like The Beatles, y'all adapt you lost
And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all
Too bad for y'all
Ain't too many as bad as yours truly
Do we, we laugh at y'all
Little bastards y'all

[Verse 4: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh, uhh
We hit makers with acres
Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us
Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq
Country house, tennis courts and horseback
Ridin', decidin' cracked crab or lobster
Who say mobsters don't prosper?
Niggas is actors, niggas deserve Oscars
Me I'm, critically acclaimed, slug pass your brain
Reminisce on dames whose coochie used to stink
When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links
Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places
Tito smile every time he see our faces
Cases catch more than outfielders
Half these rappin' cats ain't seen war
Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame
Speak my name, I make 'em Dash like Dame
(We love the dough...)

[Chorus: Angela Winbush]
I love the dough, more than you know (gonna let it show)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know (gonna let it show)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know (ah yeah)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

[Intro: Gucci Mane]
Yeah, it's Gucci, what's up, baby? (Brr)
Yellow everything this time (Yellow), you know what I'm talking about?
Yellow rims (Lemons)
Yellow big booty yellowbones, ha (Yellow?)
Yellow Lambs (Yellow), yellow MPs (Yellow), yellow watch (Banana)
Yellow charm ring, chain (Yellow)
Yellow living room set (Chiquita, yellow)
Lemonade Gucci shoes for my girl (It's Gucci), it's Gucci

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
My Phantom sitting on sixes, no twenties in my denim (No)
Your Cutlass motor knocking because it is a lemon (Lemon)
I like them Georgia peaches, but you look more like a lemon (Lemon)
These sour-apple bitter bitches, I'm not fucking with them (Lemon)
I'm truly stupid-paid, that's just how I feel today (Today, lemon)
I'm moving slow cause codeine syrup's in my lemonade (Lemon)
I'm standing in the shade and I'm selling lemonade (Lemons)
Six hundred a pint the going rate off in the A (Lemon)
Lemonade diamond bracelet, put it in your face (Brr)
Lemonhead diamond earrings I wore yesterday (Brr, lemon)
I'm pimping, wearing linen, that's just how I'm chillin' (Lemon)
I'm smoking grits and selling chickens, Corvette painted lemon (It's Gucci)

[Chorus: Choir & Gucci Mane]
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah)
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Brr)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (What?)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Wow)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (What?)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Wow)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr)

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
I got lemonade and lemon-tint, lemons watch me mix the shit (Lemons)
Lemonade-complexion East Australian girl be killing me (Yeah)
She say I be killing her, I say I be feeling it (Wow)
Four days then I'm sick of her 'cause her brain is Lemonhead (Damn)
Cocaine-white exterior, interior lemonade (Gucci)
Yellow with the off-white trimming, I call that the super-drank (Wow)
Yellow diamond pinky ring, call that there the lemon rock (Brr, brr)
Jewelry box a lemon bin (Brr, brr), my earring size an apricot (Brr)
Yeah, I smoke that strong a lot, yeah, I need some, what you got? (Yeah)
Half a pound of lemon kush, call that pack the lemon drop (Ahem)
Canary yellow lemon watch (Brr), big bird, yellow top (Nyoom)
Yellow Polo, Polo slippers, white and yellow Polo socks (Nyoom)
"Gucci Mane be pumping, dog, he don't got all he say he got"(Nyoom)
Just stash one lemon, homie, I can supply damn near fifty blocks (Nyoom)
Yellow boat parked at the dock (Dollar), yellowbone gon' make the drop (Dollar)
Flip the flop, mine off the top, then go buy me a yellow yacht (It's Gucci)

[Chorus: Choir & Gucci Mane]
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah)
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Brr)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (What?)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Wow)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (What?)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Wow)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Yeah, yeah)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr, brr, brr)

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Lemonade my townhouse in Miami, I want yellow carpet (Yeah)
Woke up in the morning, "Fuck it," bought a yellow Aston Martin (Fuck it)
Yellow bricks, yellow dust, yellow lean, yellow Tuss'
Yellow pills, spinning wheels, yellow weed, re-up with us (Yeah)
Coward-ass nigga, yellow stripe, you a yellow-back (Yeah)
AK hit your dog and you can't bring Old Yellow back (Nope, nope, nope)
Yep, Gucci bang up eighty thousand, that's a yellow safe (Yeah)
Yellow, holmes, mellow, holmes, you know you a scary cat (Yeah)
No sleep for two days, so my pupils looking yellow (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Five flights, six shows, quarter-million on my schedule
(Bangladesh) and Gucci Mane, Niggas know they in trouble (Gucci, Gucci, Bang', Gucci)
Green ice, red light, caution, Gucci rock yellow (Brr, ice, live, Gucci), Gucci (Gucci) Gucci

[Chorus: Choir & Gucci Mane]
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (Yeah, yeah, it's Gucci)
Lemons on the chain with the V-cuts (It's Big Gucci, brr)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (It's brilliance, huh, what?)
Lemonade and shade with my feet up (Lemonade everything, baby, that's just Gucci, wow)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Gucci, work, what?)
Lemon pepper wings and a freeze cup (Yeah, wow)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Where we at? Yeah)
Lemons in their face, watch 'em freeze up (Brr, brr, brr, brr)

[Verse 1]
"Today's agenda (Woo!), got the suitcase up in the Sentra (Ugh)
Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest if no money exchanges (Uh-huh)
I got these kids in Ranges to leave them niggas brainless (Ugh)
All they tote is stainless, you just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make your killings clean, slugs up in between
They eyes like True Lies, kill 'em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream, or else (Ugh)
Your life is on the shelf, we mean this, Frank
Them cats we fucking with put bombs in your mom's gas tank"
"Let's get this money baby (Ugh), they shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty .380s (Ugh, ugh)
Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out
I got gats that blow the wall out
Clear the mall out, fuck the fallout
Word to Stretch, I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me (Ugh)
Fucking real, here's the deal (Ugh)
I got a hundred bricks, 14-5 apiece (Uh-huh)
Enough to cop a 6, buy the house on the beach (Uh-huh)
Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capisce?
Everybody getting cream, no one considered a leech
Think about it now, that's damn near 1.5
I kill 'em all, I'll be set for life"—"Frank, pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen (Ugh), renegades
If you die, they still get paid, extra probably; fuck a robbery
I'm the boss, promise you won't rob 'em"—"I promise"
But, of course, you know I had my fingers crossed

[Chorus]
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being scared
Of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfucking beef cook
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture a nigga hiding
My life in that man's hands while he just deciding
(Niggas bleed just like us) I'd rather go toe-to-toe
With all of y'all; running ain't in my protocol (Ugh!)

[Verse 2]
Since it's on, I call my nigga Arizona Ron
From Tucson, push the black Yukon
Usually had the slow grooves on, mostly rock the Isley (Uh-huh)
Stupid as a youngin', chose not to move wisely (Ugh)
Sharper with game, him and his crooks caught a jux
Heard it was sweet, about 350 apiece
Ron bought a truck, two bricks laid in the cut
His peeps got bucked, got locked the fuck up
That's when Ron vanished, came back speaking Spanish
Lavish habits, two rings, twenty carats
Here's a criminal, nigga made America's Most
Killed his baby mother brother, slit his throat
The nigga got bagged with the toast
Weeded, took it to trial, beat it
Now, he feel he undefeated, he mean it
"Nothing to lose" tattooed around his gun wounds
"Everything to gain" embedded in his brain
And me? I feel the same—for this money, you dying
Especially if my daughter crying, I ain't lying
Y'all know the science

[Chorus]
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being scared
Of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture me being shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfucking beef cook
(Niggas bleed just like us) Picture a nigga hiding
My life in that man's hands while he just deciding
(Niggas bleed just like us) I'd rather go toe-to-toe
With all of y'all; running ain't in my protocol (Ugh)

[Verse 3]
We agreed—to go in shooting is silly
Because niggas could be hiding in showers with MAC-millis
So I freaked 'em, the telly manager was Puerto Rican (Ugh)
Gloria from Astoria, I went to war with her peeps in '91
Stole a gun from my workers
And they took drugs, they tried to jerk us
We blazed they place; long story, Glo' seen't my face
Got shook, thought a nigga was coming for the safe (Haha!)
Now she breaking, "Shut up! 112, what's shaking?"
"A Jamaican, some bitches, I swear they look gay
And a black Range Rover been outside all day"
If it's trouble, let me know, I'll be on my way
"Please, I got kids to feed, I done seen you make niggas bleed"
Nightmare, this bitch don't need
"Ron, get the gasoline, this spot, we about to blow this
Get the cash before the cops and Range Rover cats notice"
Room 112, right by the staircase, perfect place
When they evacuate, they meet they fate
"Ron, pass the gasoline," the nigga passed me kerosene (Ugh)
Fuck it, it's flame-able, my hunger is unexplainable
Strike the match, just what I expected
The dread kid ejected in seconds, and here come two...
Opposite sexes, one black, one Malaysian
We in the hallway, waiting patient
As soon as she hit the door, we start blasting
I saw her brains hit the floor, Ron laughing, I swear to God
I hit Maxi Priest at least twelve times in the chest
Spinned around, shot the chink in the breast (Ugh)
She crying, headshots put her to rest
Pop open them briefcases, nothing but Franklin faces
The spot's hot: sprinklers, alarm systems
That's when other guests start to slip in
It's time for us to get to dipping
I know them niggas in the Range is on they way up
Flipping, pistol-gripping, I load the clip in
The hallway got real loud and crowded
They walked right past us, I don't know how they allowed it
The funny thing about it, through all the excitement (Uh-huh)
They Range got towed, they double-parked by a hydrant
Stupid motherfuckers (Hahahahahaha!)

[Intro: Cuchi Shop Customer, Cuchi Shop Employee, and Nicki Minaj]
Welcome to Star Box
Yeah shorty, I'm trying to get me some thick thighs and some chinky eyes
I need a real good box
Oh ok
A real good box
Okay, hey, yo Nick!
Yo?
Yeah, shorty out here want want, uhm, a number three
Oh, alright tell him to come around to my window, I got him, it's nothin'
Oh alright
And yo, you know the slogan right?
Yeah, I know how it go
Pussy by any means

[Hook]
First I take their order at the Cuchi Shop
Then I send 'em a girl that can make her coochie pop
And then I smuggle all my money through the coochie spot
(Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam)
And there ain't no returns at the Cuchi Shop
We don't wanna hear "it burns" at the Cuchi Shop
Just listen and you'll learn at the Cuchi Shop
Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam

[Verse 1]
What you need thick thighs and some chinky eyes
Super size all your sides like your biggie fries
For a better price you can get some better pie
Strawberry, apple, cherry, even lemon lime
What you want them B cups or them C cups?
For your ice cream, chocolate or butter P cups
French vanilla threesomes that come in D cups
They eat each other but otherwise they don't eat much
I'm bout that fast money, money ain't got no patience
But if them boys come, run like you on probation
Listen up, I'm a send ya to the location
Write it down, take a picture, make a notation

[Hook]
First I take their order at the Cuchi Shop
Then I send 'em a girl that can make her coochie pop
And then I smuggle all my money through the coochie spot
(Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam)
And there ain't no returns at the Cuchi Shop
We don't wanna hear "it burns" at the Cuchi Shop
Just listen and you'll learn at the Cuchi Shop
Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam

[Verse 2]
Relax lil' nigga, cut the bull (cut it out)
We tax niggas, no deductible (get it out)
So what it is, what it ain't, nigga state ya name
You know we got them umbrellas if you make it rain
So what you want them good girls or them bad ones?
I got them girls make ya wish you never had none
Cause you'll be spending beaucoup in my spot, shorty
This nigga acting brand new like he just bought it
Up and away like Mighty Mice
You can say I am the rap game Heidi Fleiss
Cause my flow crazy, Hussein like Sadam
You getting it, I got 'em, I'm the rap bitch madam, I'm the madam

[Hook]
First I take their order at the Cuchi Shop
Then I send 'em a girl that can make her coochie pop
And then I smuggle all my money through the coochie spot
(Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam)
And there ain't no returns at the Cuchi Shop
We don't wanna hear "it burns" at the Cuchi Shop
Just listen and you'll learn at the Cuchi Shop
Up in the Phantom, have you wishing you had 'em, I'm the madam

[Produced by Boi-1da and Nick Brongers]

[Intro]
Uh, uh
Young Money
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year—who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We've been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doing? What am I doing?
Oh yeah, that's right—I'm doing me, I'm doing me
I'm living life right now, man
And this what I'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over
But it's far from over

[Verse 1]
Alright, bottles on me, long as someone drink it
Never drop the ball, fuck are y'all thinking?
Making sure the Young Money ship is never sinking
About to set it off in this bitch, Jada Pinkett
I shouldn't have drove, tell me how I'm getting home
You too fine to be laying down in bed alone
I could teach you how to speak my language, Rosetta Stone
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing I've ever known
About to go thriller, Mike Jackson on these niggas
All I need's a fucking red jacket with some zippers
Super good smidoke, a package of the Swisher's
I did it overnight, it couldn't happen any quicker
"Y'all know them? Well, fuck it, me either"
But point the biggest skeptic out, I'll make him a believer
It wouldn't be the first time I done it, throwing hundreds
When I should be throwing ones, bitch, I run it

[Chorus]
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year—who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We've been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doing? What am I doing?
Oh yeah, that's right—I'm doing me, I'm doing me
I'm living life right now, man
And this what I'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over
But it's far from over

[Verse 2]
Uh, one thing 'bout music: when it hits, you feel no pain
And I swear I got this shit that make these bitches go insane
So they tell me that they love me, I know better than that, it's just game
It's just what comes with the fame, and I'm ready for that, I'm just saying
But I really can't complain, everything is kosher
Two thumbs up, Ebert and Roeper
I really can't see the end getting any closer
But I'll probably still be the man when everything is over
So I'm riding through the city with my high beams on
Can you see me? Can you see me? Get your Visine on
Y'all just do not fit the picture: turn your widescreen on
If you thinking I'ma quit before I die, dream on
Man, they treat me like a legend, am I really this cold?
I'm really too young to be feeling this old
It's about time you admit it, who you kidding?
Man, nobody's ever done it like I did it, uh

[Chorus]
I know way too many people here right now
That I didn't know last year—who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights
We've been everywhere and back
But I just can't remember it all
What am I doing? What am I doing?
Oh yeah, that's right—I'm doing me, I'm doing me
I'm living life right now, man
And this what I'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over
But it's far from over
Yeah, that's right—I'm doing me, I'm doing me
I'm living life right now, man
And this what I'ma do 'til it's over, 'til it's over
But it's far from over

[Produced by Dr. Dre & Mel-Man]

[Intro: Phish]
What's the difference between me and you?
What's the difference between me and you?

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Back when Cube was rollin' with Lorenzo in a Benzo
I was bangin' with a gang of instrumentals
Got the pens and pencils, got down to business
But sometimes, the business end of this shit can turn your friends against you
But you was a real nigga, I could sense it in you
I still remember the window of the car that you went through
That's fucked up, but I'll never forget the shit we been through
And I'ma do whatever it takes to convince you
'Cause you my nigga, Doc, and Eazy, I'm still wit' you
Fuck the beef, nigga, I miss you, and that's just being real wit' you
You see, the truth is, everybody wanna know how close me and Snoop is, and who I'm still cool with
Then, I got these fake-ass niggas I first blew with
Claimin' they nonviolent, talkin' like they— (Do not resist the beat)
Spit venom in interviews, speakin' on reunions
Move units, then talk shit, and we can do this
Until then, I ain't even speakin' your name
Just keep my name out of your mouth, and we can keep it the same, nigga
It ain't that I'm too big to listen to the rumors
It's just that I'm too damn big to pay attention to 'em
That's the difference

[Chorus: Phish]
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'

[Verse 2: Xzibit]
Yo, I stay with it, while you try to perpetrate, play with it
Never knew about the next level 'til Dre did it (Yeah)
I stay committed while you motherfuckers babysitted
I smash the critics like a overhand right from Riddick (Yeah)
Come and get it, shitted on villains by the millions
I be catchin' bitches while bitches be catchin' feelings
So what the fuck am I supposed to do?
I pop bottles and hot hollow-points at each and all of you (Come on!)
A heartless bastard, high and plastered
My style is like the reaction from too much acid—never come down!
Pass it around if you can't handle it
Hang Hollywood niggas by they Soul Train laminates
What's the difference between me and you? (What?)
About five bank accounts, three ounces, and two vehicles
Until my death, I'm Bangladesh
I suggest you hold your breath 'til ain't none left
Yo, that's the difference!

[Chorus: Phish]
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'

[Verse 3: Eminem & Dr. Dre]
A'ight, hold up, hold up!
Stop the beat a minute! I got somethin' to say, Dre
I wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin' weed is in me (What the fuck?)
I don't know if I ever told you this
But I love you, dog, I got your motherfuckin' back (Right), just know this shit
Slim, I don't know if you noticed it
But I've had your back from day one, nigga, let's blow this bitch
I mean it, dog—you ever need somebody offed: "Whose throat is it?"
Well, if you ever kill that Kim bitch, I'll show you where the ocean is
Well, that's cool, and I appreciate the offer
But if I do decide to really murder my daughter's mama
I'ma sit her up in the front seat and put sunglasses on her
And cruise around with her for seven hours through California
And have her wavin' at people (Hi!)
Then drop her off on the corner at the police station
And drive off, honkin' the horn for her (*Beep-beep!*)
Raw-dog, get your arm gnawed off
Drop the sawed-off and beat you with the piece it was sawed off of
Fuck blood, I wanna see some lungs coughed up
Get shot up in the hot tub 'til the bubbles pop up
In they nose and cough snot up, mucus and hot water
That's for tryna talk like The Chronic was lost product
That's for even thinkin' of havin' them thoughts thought up
And you better show some respect whenever the Doc's brought up
So what's the difference between us? We can start at the penis
Or we can scream, "I just don't give a fuck!" and see who means it

[Chorus: Phish]
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'
What's the difference between me and you?
You talk a good one, but you don't do what you supposed to do
I act on what I feel and never deal with emotions
I'm used to livin' big-dog-style and straight coastin'

[Outro: Phish]
What's the difference between me and— (*gunshot*)

[Skit: Snoop Dogg]
Can we get a motherfuckin' moment of silence
For the small chronic break?
A-hah, niggas be brown-nosin' these hoes and shit
Takin' bitches out to eat, and spendin' money on these hoes
Know what I'm sayin'?
I treat a bitch like 7-Up — I never have, I never will
I tell a bitch like this:
"Bitch, you without me is like Harold Melvin without Bluenotes
You'll never go platinum!"
Hey Daz, give me a light, nigga

[Intro: Taa Dow]
We’d like to welcome y'all to the fabulous Carolina West
I own this motherfucker, and my name is Taa-Dow
Y'all niggas know who I am, y'all niggas tearin' up shit
But we got somethin' old, and somethin' new for y'all tonight
Put yo' hands together for Snoop Doggy Dogg
The Dogg Pound, and the fabulous Dramatics

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
It's like everywhere I look, and everywhere I go
I'm hearin' motherfuckers tryin' to steal my flow
But it ain't no thang, 'cause, see, my nigga Coolio
Put me up on the game when I stepped through the do'

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
You know, some of these niggas is so deceptive
Usin' my styles like a contraceptive
I hope you get burnt, seems you haven't learnt
It's the knick-knack, paddywhack, I still got the biggest sack
So put your gun away, run away, 'cause I'm back (Whyyy?)
Hit 'em up, get 'em up, spit 'em up
Now, tell me, what's going on?
It make me wanna holler, 'cause my dollars come in O-zones
Known for the break up, so take off your clothes
And quit tryin' to spit at my motherfuckin' hoes
Speakin' of hoes, I'll get to the point
You think you got the bomb 'cause I rolled you a joint?
You'se a flea! And I'm the Big Dogg
I'll scratch you off my balls with my motherfuckin' paws
Y'alls niggas better recognize (Uh-huh)
And see where I'm comin' from — it's still Eastside 'til I die
Why ask why?
As the world keeps spinnin' to the D-O-double G, Y

[Hook: The Dramatics & Nancy Fletcher]
It's a crazy, mixed-up world
It's a Doggy Dogg World

[Verse 2: Kurupt]
Well, if you give me ten bitches, then I'll fuck all ten
See my homie Snoop Dogg sippin' juice and gin
Don't slip, I'm for the set-trip to get papers
Styles vary, packin' flavor like Lifesavers
Ain't that somethin'? Talk shit and I'm dumpin'
I had your whole fuckin' block bumpin'
Don't sweat, but check the technique, I'm unique like China
You'll never find a bomber rhymer than this nigga behind ya
So peek-a-boo, clear the way, I'm comin' through
One-two, three — you can't see me
I'm a G like that, strapped with hit-hard tactics
A fuckin' menace, usin' hoes like tennis rackets
It's on again, it's on and poppin'
All I see is green, so there ain't no stoppin'
I wanna see some panties droppin'
I'm comin' from L.A, she used to chill with Dre up in Compton
(All I ever did was just use that ho
Show her my dickies, get with these, and kick flows)
I’m dishin' out blues, I’m upsettin' like bad news
Cut off khakis, french braids, and house shoes
Kurupt, the name’s often marked for catchin' slugs
And I smoke weed for the fuck of it
Ruff and rugged shit, it’s unexplanatory how I gets wicked
But it’s mandatory that I kick it
Check it, I’m runnin' hoes in '94, now must I prove it
Hoes call me Sugar Ray for the way I be stickin' and movin'
Prepare for a war, it’s on
I’m head huntin', hit the button, and light shit up like Red Dawn
Peep the massacre from a verbal assassin
Murderin' with rhymes packin' TEC-9’s for some action
You really don’t know, do you? You fuckin' wit a hog
You can’t do me, I’m goin' out looney like O-Dog

[Hook: The Dramatics & Nancy Fletcher]
It's a crazy, mixed-up world
It's a Doggy Dogg World

[Bridge: Dat Nigga Daz]
Tha Dogg Pound rocks the party (All night long)
Uh-huh, 'til when? (Till the early morn')
It don't stop, and uh... it don't quit for the...
Tha Dogg Pound clique to drop the cavi dope shit

[Verse 3: Dat Nigga Daz]
Diggity-Daz out of the motherfuckin' cut once mo'
So grab a seat and grab your gin and juice and check out the flow
I flip-flop and serve hoes with the fat dick
'Til I die, I'm still screamin' out ("Bitches ain't shit!")
Now, I'm the mack daddy, had he
Not known about the city where I'm from, dum-diddy-dum
As you groove to the gangster shit
The D-O-double G, the P-O-U-N-D, the gangster clique
Now as Tha Pound break it down with the gangster funk
I can see and I can tell that's what the fuck you want
So I blaze up the chronic so I can get high
I promise I'll smoke chronic 'til the day that I die

[Hook: The Dramatics & Nancy Fletcher]
It's a Doggy Dogg World

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I got ice in my veins, blood in my eyes
Hate in my heart, love in my mind
I seen nights full of pain, days are the same
You keep the sunshine, save me the rain
I search but never find, hurt but never cry
I work and forever try, but I'm cursed, so never mind
And it's worse, but better times seem further and beyond
The top gets higher the more that I climb
The spot gets smaller and I get bigger
Tryna get in where I fit in, no room for a nigga
But soon for a nigga it be on, ma'fucker
‘Cause all this bullshit just made me strong, ma'fucker

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
So I pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Yeah
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Yeah
And I could die now, rebirth, motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone, motherfucker, I'm gone

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Uh
I know what they don't wanna tell you
Just hope you're heaven-sent, and you're hell-proof
I, I walk up in the world and cut the lights off
And confidence is a stain they can't wipe off
Huh, my word is my pride
But wisdom is bleak, and that's a word from the wise
Served to survive, murdered and bribed
And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside

[Chorus: Lil Wayne, Lil Wayne & Eminem Eminem]
So I could pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Haha, yeah
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Yeah
And I could die now, rebirth, motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone, motherfucker, I'm gone
I'm gone

[Bridge: Eminem]
It hurts, but I never show
This pain you'll never know
If only you could see just how lonely and how cold
And frostbit I've become
My back's against the wall
When push come to shove I just stand up and scream: "Fuck 'em all!"

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Man, it feels like these walls are closin' in, this roof is cavin' in
Oops, time to raise it then
Your days are numbered like pages in
My book of rhymes; got 'em cookin', boy
This crooked mind of mine got 'em all shook
And scared to look in my eyes
I stole that fuckin' clock: I took the time
And I came up from behind and pretty much snuck up and butt-fucked this game up
Better be careful when you bring my name up
Fuck this fame, that ain't what
I came to claim, but the game ain't gonna be the same on the day that I leave it
But I swear, one way or another, I'ma make these fuckin' haters believe it
I swear to God, won't spare the rod
I'm a man of my word, so your fuckin' heads better nod
Or I'ma fuck around in this bitch and roast everybody
Sleep on me, that pillow is where your head'll lie
Permanently, bitch, it's beddy-bye
This world is my Easter egg, yeah, prepare to die!
My head is swole, my confidence is up, this stage is my pedestal
I'm unstoppable, Incredible Hulk
You're trapped in my medicine ball
I could run circles around you so fast your fuckin' head'll spin, dog
I'll split your cabbage and your lettuce and olives, I'll fuckin'—

[Chorus: Lil Wayne, Lil Wayne & Eminem Eminem]
Pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Yeah
Bitch, I'ma pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin' head
Yeah
And I could die now, rebirth, motherfucker
Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth, motherfucker
I'm gone, motherfucker, I'm gone
I'm gone

[Hook]
I never let you down, I’ma shine on sight
Keep your mind on your grind and off of mines, alright?
Hard I'm gonna ball, on them squares I float
Quarter-million dollar cars everywhere I go
I know in the lead it may seem he might be
But no matter what they doing, they don’t do it like me
Like a G I hold it down for the town I’m at
In a flash like that, recognize I'm back!

[Verse 1]
Strike a match, catch a fire
Any moment I decide that's enough of all your lies
Boy, your buzz just died
Step inside, super-fly, to the shoes in their coupe
Then exit out with all the bitches like we always do
My desire to retire grow with every new crew
Cause these guys, they don't ride like my nigga, you too
Tight jeans, funny haircuts dancing on the screen
There's a drought of real niggas in the game, so it seems
Just pretend to holla, pimping, give the shit a black eye eye
Next he say he trapping in my head I’m like: "why?"
Be yourself; you ain't got a pimp bone in your body
I can tell you ain't never bought a key or caught a body
Nigga probably just seen Wayne, Gucci Mane
Me and Boosie all go to prison
Now he flipping hoes, every nigga tripping
Listen dude, for you that ain't in the cards
Thank the power's in the guns
But overall it's in your heart
Nowadays I don’t know what's up with niggas in the A
Guess he think he in the game but he really in the way:
Violating. I was having conversations in the joint
But guess who done it? And I promised I would put you on point
I’m disappointed in you, dogg, you ain't hold it down at all
But I ain't going at your jaw, just going to show you how to ball
Standing tall through the storm, on the yard or in the dorms
Cats in prison who expecting me to represent for them

[Hook]
I never let you down, I’ma shine on sight
Keep your mind on your grind and off of mines, alright?
Hard I'm gonna ball, on them squares I float
Quarter-million dollar cars everywhere I go
I know in the lead it may seem he might be
But no matter what they doing, they don’t do it like me
Like a G I hold it down for the town I’m at
In a flash like that, recognize I'm back!

[Verse 2]
Strike a match, catch a fire, see T.I. add gas
What's a Molotov cocktail that never break a glass
Still I am, partnas want to come for me you better bring it
I ain’t mad I forgive them, God I know they ain't mean it
Yeah I seen it all before, hate I'm popping and they ain't
Wrack they brain try to think how to stop it and they can’t
Ain't that lame, but then that hatred manifest to pure malice
I’m no longer being callous, I’m gonna let you niggas have it
Won’t be satisfied until somebody dies and I'm patiently waiting on
Me and the reaper on a first name basis now
I’m a let you make it now, stay totally out the way for you
But know that we could take it any place you wanna take it too
Hating in your blood, Cuz. Yes, it’s just too late for you
All I could do is pray for you or organize a wake for you
Your choice, clearly I ain't hearing your voice
Keep it up an Imma send you ass to chill wit Aunt Joyce
Hey, you can have the bottom, partner I'm up in the sky box
I got shit locked down nigga why stop now
I'm so above you, hover over suckers why drop down
I’m so profound, it goes down, and I never let you down

[Hook]
I never let you down, I’ma shine on sight
Keep your mind on your grind and off of mines, alright?
Hard I'm gonna ball, on them squares I float
Quarter-million dollar cars everywhere I go
I know in the lead it may seem he might be
But no matter what they doing, they don’t do it like me
Like a G I hold it down for the town I’m at
In a flash like that, recognize I'm back!

[Intro]
Yeah
Whaddup Taylor Gang
Starpower
It's star year
You know what it is

[Hook]
Ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink my, ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink my, ink my whole body
Ink my whole body

[Verse 1]
Got so many tats
You can't even count 'em up
In the shop every week
I can't seem to get enough
My aunt say
My skin too clean to mark it up
But I'mma
(Ink my whole body, I don't give a motherfuck)
I'm blowing purp
No shirt
Windows down
Screaming "Cash rules"
Showing off my tattoos
Hoes spazzing when they see me
Run up on me starstruck
Asking can they read me
Seen Matt and told him "Sleeve me"
Heard your man got a star tatted
Tryna be me
I make it look easy
People say I'm crazy
Body marked up like a wall in the 80's
Speakers scream loud like a car full of babies
Chain's so sick, think my charm came with rabies
All I heard these days is
(I think you're going overboard with it)
I ain't addicted, I'm committed
It's Wizzle man

[Hook]
Ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink my, ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my whole body
Ink, ink my whole body
Ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink my, ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my whole body
Ink, ink my whole body

[Verse 2]
I got stars over here
Little star over there
Stars everywhere
Cause nigga it's star year
The name star power
My jewelry is star bright
The tat on my face
Say I'm living the star life
And by the way
You know it's Taylor Gang
Soon as you see us
I'm inked up
From my feet up
I keep blunts flickin'
New tats itchin'
Black Chucks coppin'
New shit droppin' (Star power)
I'm the one they call young
Body marked up like a subway in Harlem
Niggas say that's hard
White people think it's awesome
Chest, neck tatted
Whole sleeve on my arm done
They say I look like Tyga man
I put some lime in the Swisher Sweet
And twist it all up
Can't wear a shirt, the bitches lift it all up
I'm tatting my body 'til I filled it all up

[Hook]
I'mma ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink my, ink my, whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my, whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my whole body
Ink, ink my whole body
Ink my whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink my, ink my, whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my, whole body
I don't give a motherfuck
Ink, ink my whole body
Ink, ink my whole body

[Intro]
KE on the Track
No Ceilings
Ah...
O—OK

[Verse]
I got this chrome on this Bugatti, I'm strong in this Bugatti
Two V8s, ain't no such thing as driving calm in this Bugatti
Bitch, I’m bad, I'm worse, I'll pass the purp
Don't fuck with me 'cause right now, I'm higher than Captain Kirk
I swear, I be the sickest nigga, you can ask the nurse
And if you throw it in a bag I bet I'll snatch her purse
OK, I spaz, I curse; you last, I'm first
I'm on your ass, like dirt; behind that cash, get murked
I'm talking big shit, nigga, join my hit list, nigga
What's the matter? Check your bladder, I'm the shit, piss, nigga
Shoot the witness, nigga
Hold court in the streets and convict this nigga
Ol' dickless nigga
Man, I'm running with the blocka, Young Money, motherfucker
You think we gon' do our thing? Well, ain't it sunny in the summer?
And we coming for the commas, and whoever among us
And you know I'ma bust my ass until my crew very humongous
I said, T.I., hold your head, and Mack, hold your head
Wish I could but I can't say some other names 'cause of the Feds
And to my Bloods, code red, man, you know how we play it
And if it costs to be the boss, oh well, I guess I gotta pay
I—I'm a New Orleans nigga, I don't take no shit
Take the brain off the whip; now, it don't make no sense
Stunt hard on these bitches, I ain't promised tomorrow
Now, women kicking it with me like Nomar Garciaparra
Fuq' roll them killer plants, the Little Shop of Horror
And we roll them bitches thick, make 'em look like Toccara
Man, I'm too much for these niggas and three much for these hoes
The world is in my hands, and I keep my hands closed
I love my baby mamas, they get my highest honor
Gotta take care of them kids, man, I know you heard Obama
And I live on an island, Atlantic in my backyard
I just tell my pilot to land it in my backyard
Quarterback, shotgun, you don’t get any sack yards
Bitch, I ball hard, breaking all the backboards
Pretty Boy Floyd, step up, I will crack yours
And even at the White House, we pull up at the back doors
Walk around like I'm 30 feet tall
Tiger Woods, all these hoes tryna birdie these balls
In the Porsche 911, like emergency calls
Man, I just be chilling, I'm cool like Lou Rawls
Young Money in the building, I'm putting up new walls
Nigga take your Mrs. Officer and set some new laws
My flow is like rubbing two logs
Young Mula, we the new shit, new drawers, ugh
Now, get off my dick, I ain't fucking with you
Watch me shoot to the bank, I'm a money pistol
Weezy beat the beat up like Sonny Liston
Redbone do me good, then her friend assist her
I mean, a bitch she never met, her best friend, or sister
I leave the pussy micro-soft like Windows Vista
Young Tunechi, pop that coochie for a goon, ho
Bullet in you boys' memory, now you act like you don't know
Eastside who I do it for, Eagle Street, right by the store
Katrina wiped the city out but couldn't fuck with Hollygrove
Lost some real niggas I knew from a long time ago
But Heaven or Hell, I'm hoping that they be where I'ma go
Take a nigga gal and make her come give me a private show
Still "long hair, don't care" like a Navajo
I'm the hardest shit, go in your ass and search
I smash this verse, and I swag and surf

[Outro]
No Ceilings!
Hahahaha!

[Intro: Gucci Mane, Soulja Boy & Waka Flocka Flame]
It's Gucci, Burr! (Soulja Boy Tell'Em)
It's Gucci (Flocka!)
Scott Storch, Gucci Mane; We back at it
Burr! So icey (Yeah!)

[Chorus Gucci Mane]
We smoking that fire endo
Wrist out the damn window
Lambo, they scream "Bingo!"
Enzo, they scream "Bingo!"
Phantom, they scream "Bingo!"
Concept, they scream "Bingo!"
Pull up, kid scream "Bingo!"
Your ma would scream: "Bingo!"

[Post-Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo!
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Huh!
It's Gucci, It's Gucci (It's Gucci!)
Yoom, yoom, yoom
It's Gucci, It's Gaddy, catch up
Burr! Burr! Bingo!

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Hello, my watch yellow earrings on my bezel
Can’t fit in my schedule 'less booty like Jello
She know I slang kilos, shout out to my ‘migo
I call, he says "10-4", tight like Lamont Rollo
Murcielago for El Gato, my house like a brothel
Fat hoes in Chicago, first class to Morocco
Bingo called my motto, phantom with two models
Pull up tonight, stunt, jump out the car, scream guapo

[Chorus Gucci Mane]
We smoking that fire endo
Wrist out the damn window
Lambo, they scream "Bingo!"
Enzo, they scream "Bingo!"
Phantom, they scream "Bingo!"
Concept, they scream "Bingo!"
Pull up, kid scream "Bingo!"
Your ma would scream: "Bingo!"

[Post-Chorus: Gucci Mane & Soulja Boy]
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo!
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Huh!
It's Gucci, It's Gucci (It's Gucci!) (Soulja)
Yoom, yoom, yoom (Soulja Boy Tell'Em)
It's Gucci, It's Gaddy, catch up (And I hope I whi- And I hope I whip my pants out here)
Burr! Burr! Bingo!

[Verse 2: Soulja Boy]
Ridin in my Lambo, kids screaming "Bingo"
Haters wanna hate, they’ll get shot like a free throw
Candy paint wet, dripping off my headlights
Catch me in the trap like some motherfuckin' dead mice
Every time I cut a corner kids screaming "Bingo!
Tools on deck, I ain't talking Home Depot!
Soulja Boy Tell Em: I’m icey as an icicle
So much money, bitch, I valet park my bicycle

[Chorus Gucci Mane]
We smoking that fire endo
Wrist out the damn window
Lambo, they scream "Bingo!"
Enzo, they scream "Bingo!"
Phantom, they scream "Bingo!"
Concept, they scream "Bingo!"
Pull up, kid scream "Bingo!"
Your ma would scream: "Bingo!"

[Post-Chorus: Gucci Mane & Waka Flocka Flame]
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo!
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Huh!
It's Gucci, It's Gucci (It's Gucci!)
Yoom, yoom, yoom
It's Gucci, It's Gaddy, catch up
Burr! Burr! Bingo! (Flocka! Flocka! Flocka! Waka!)

[Verse 3: Waka Flocka Flame]
All the hood hoes point like "Bingo"
Waka Flocka; “Oh Let’s Do It” is the single
Let’s mingle, got hoes like Wingo
My bitch a dime, your bitch like a cinco
Like a free throw, man I’m balling out
Blew a kiss to the girls, now they falling out
I pull up a T-top Cutlass like "Bingo"
My girlfriend Regal, same color of a flamingo

[Chorus Gucci Mane]
We smoking that fire endo
Wrist out the damn window
Lambo, they scream "Bingo!"
Enzo, they scream "Bingo!"
Phantom, they scream "Bingo!"
Concept, they scream "Bingo!"
Pull up, kid scream "Bingo!"
Your ma would scream: "Bingo!"

[Post-Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Bingo!
Bingo, Bingo, Bingo, Huh!
It's Gucci, It's Gucci (It's Gucci!)
Yoom, yoom, yoom
It's Gucci, It's Gaddy, catch up
Burr! Burr! Bingo!

[Hook]
I'm so motherfuckin' turned up right now
Someone please turn Gucci Mane down
Brick Squad thugged out, we don't give a fuck
We hit the club, shoot the club, tear the club up
So you should hit the floor. Get low and shut up
Hit the floor, get low and shut the fuck up
You's a bitch, you's a snitch, you a motherfuckin' scrub
You's a bitch, you's a snitch, you a motherfuckin' scrub

[Verse 1 - Gucci Mane]
I pulled up in a 4-door Porsche, set-trippin'
3 young dreadhead niggas riding with me
I don't think they like me and I don't like em neither
But if they move wrong, I'll red up their white beater
I do it for the hood, I do it like no equal
I do it for the red, black, yellow, white people
I just bought a K, just the other day
And I don't play with grown men: I don't like to play
I'm so motherfuckin' turned up right now
Niggas hang on me, I don't give a fuck right now
Well you niggas keep on trying like the little engine that could
You think you can, you think you could, I think you pussies should

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Gucci Mane]
Call me Gucci Flocka Flame, I dun changed my name
Call me Frenchie Mane La Flare, Gucc' the Kid..it's all the same
I be running, gunning, stunting with 100 killers riding
You snitching, bitching, tattle-telling, scared to stand beside me
I just bought another house just to house my goons
So Icey Entertainment, boy, we just like a platoon
The colors in my chain remind me of a cartoon
I'll murk your boy in March, they didn't find that boy til June
I wish they found him August so that's like "too much too soon"
His face was swoll and puffy, bout the color of a prune
Brick Squad Movement and, no, you're not apart of it
Me, Waka and Wu, Juice and Frenchie Mane started it

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Wooh da Kid]
Iced out bar got me ballin' like the Lakers
Homicide around the corner. Where you, in Jamaica?
My volume on max, you boys better run
I'm a Nigga With an Attitude holding on the gun
17 niggas, I left 16 hit
Last nigga hit the corner, got his whole head split
Told you you're a goner, I'mma leave you dead quick
I'm like Wu the Kid, thugged out, we don't give a fuck
Let your soul meet the sole of the bottom of my Chucks
Black car, black tint with the baby tags
Stay low to the floor, my midget out the bag

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I'mma keep dropping verses
Hotter than the hottest summer
Eat rappers like Jeffrey Dahmer
Dope color Sinead O'Connor
Should I name another one
Unless you like President Obama
Wanna buy two extra commas?
All my shoes are Ferragamo
Lightning actually hear the thunder
Even Stevie Wonder wonder
Why yo baby mama call so much I had to change my number
Sarcasm, these bitches need to ride or ride past him
I wouldn't even give that bitch an orgasm
Miraculously my niggas stand beside and not in back of me
So disrespect my faculty, how dare you have audacity
The club packed to capacity, I cash out automatically
I spit these rhymes so radically, sporadically, fatality

[Chorus: OJ Da Juiceman & Gucci Mane]
I got the green, drank, pills, blow
Runnin round the town gettin money I suppose
I'm the gingerbread man (X4)
I got the green, drank, pills, blow
I can't get no sleep, just keep knockin' on my door
I'm the gingerbread man (X4)

[Verse 2: OJ Juice Man]
Gingerbread Man, i got white, I got white
Trap house bunkin up all night, take flight
Droppin 10 bases? its jumpin that white?
Trees to that paper so im something like a kite
Loud stanky kush and it tellin me to light
Extra loud diamonds and its lookin like a light
Roller skatin' money and my pockets just glide
Everday diamonds kuz they dont like to hide
Vvs light yea so you block yo eyes
Burnt color diamonds like a sweet potato pie
Hit ya color diamonds??? and get ratchet like a fly?
The brick man, the bread man I don't tell no lies

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
I'm the man to get it in
I am on it and I go in
I am comfortable settin' a trend
I get bored and do it again
If I ever crossed a genie
I would ask her for a twin
Cuz the number time of paper
Cost me to gather up my ends
It's ???
AM and I'm drinking gin
I could act like we are friends
But I don't like to pretend
I got 30 stacks, need Ajax
Got your future price on my AmEx
I'm addicted to ballin'
I hear ??? and relapse
You SlimFast to bankroll
My stash gettin way too fat
No push ups, just cook ups
I'm booked up, I do one lap
There's ??? mayne and ??? mayne
And ??? mayne and I'm brick mayne
Got ??? all in my kitchen
So my house smell like cocaine

[Chorus]

[Hook]
I think I'm in love
She think she in love
She falling in love

[Verse 1]
Canary diamonds on my fist
On my wrists and on my neck
Ms. lady say she know my name
And I ain't even told her yet
No need to introduce myself
I let my money do the greeting
So conceited that if she ain't worth talking to then I'm not speaking
(Gucci!)
I'm so single, ay let's mingle
Can I buy you some champagne?
And my sex game gladiator
Tell me, are you entertained?
I'm an entertainer, baby, but my name ain't Cedric
I got cheddar and etcetera, so stop the rhetoric
But enough about me, baby
Sweetie, tell 'bout yourself
Are you married or divorced?
Don't gotta tell me, that's your choice
I like your voice, I like your swagg
So let nature take its course
Maybe in the future, gorgeous, I can buy your ass a Porsche (Gucci!)

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Don't be shy, you and I
Me and you can be as one
I can't lie, won't deny
Every time with you is fun
In Dubai, London, Paris, baby, we can watch the sun
Set and rise or just lay back on the beach and watch the sky
(Gucci!)
She's been sent to me, lent to me
I feel she is God's gift to me
It's Gucci Mane on the mic
While Zay control the symphony
No twisting it, she switching it
But she not all promiscuous
It's obvious she's marvelous
And wants to be a part of this
I give her 1,000%, but this that 50/50 shit
I'm wealthy and I'm healthy
So cut off that boy you kicking with
Give her 1,000% but this that 50/50 shit
I'm wealthy and I'm healthy
So cut off that lame you kick it with

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
Dinner date, please don't be late
I'm fiending and don't want to wait
Sex so hot and passionate
It'll make her hyperventilate
Yeah, I'm a bachelor
But I'm working my masters
And no, I'm not a doctor
But my money go way past one
She's hotter than my last one
Sexy like my last chick
I'm checking out her assets
Her ex-boyfriend is past tense
I talk to her, I listen to her
Text her then she text me
I rap to her, she walks to me
And damn her walk is sexy
Our last night was so good
I think about her next day
More butts than 4 ashtrays
She told me "boy, you crazy"
Burning all my candles and lighting all my incense
I'm giving her my imprint
Cause damn I like her accent

[Hook]

[Verse 1]
Camo shorts and Bubba Kush
We can talk she'd rather fuss
This and that 'bout such and such
Damn, where is the fucking trust
I'm tired of the hoop and hollering
I'm 'bout to take the coupe to Collins
Then take a female to the Island
Then take her clothes off and do the honors
Yeah, now she hear I'm with them other bitches
Yeah, I told her mind her fucking business
Shit she probably out here fucking niggas
I'm fucking her friends
Now her friends ain't even fucking with her
Damn, she text me all day and night
So pissed off she ain't even spelling shit right
I text her back, and tell her it's life
Now somebody tell them hoes, I'm single for the night

[Chorus]
Yeah, I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah, I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
And I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight

[Verse 2]
Dreads braided to the back
I'm chilling but my swag on full attack
And my girl acting like a brat
So when she call, I don't answer, I just write her back
She hate it when I do that shit
And when I get home she go through my shit
She call numbers back to see who that is
Man I hate it when she do that shit
Polo t-shirt, Polo drawers
Now make me take this Polo off
Girl you can get broken off
Yeah, I fuck you for an hour then I smoke it off
Swimming trunks and bathing suits
Then go in the bedroom and tell the naked truth
Don't wanna fuss, ain't tryna fight
Man somebody tell them hoes I'm single for the night

[Chorus]
Yeah, I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah, I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
And I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight

[Verse 3]
Now she got on her fuck 'em dress
And I got on my double-breast
And he been fussing all day with her
And I make her feel special like a place kicker
She wanna be Weezy F Baby-sitter
Say she wish she could cut my dick off and take it with her
I say hold up
She say she just playing
Then I falls in that pussy like quick sand
Hot sex and cold wine
She left that nigga hanging like a clothes line
I cut my phones off, both lines
It's about to get nasty, pork rinds
She came hard, both times
We both say we single, and we both lying
We both wrong, but it feel right
Put your hands up if you single for the night

[Chorus]
Yeah, I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like Nino
I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single, yeah, I'm single
And I'm single, tonight I'm single
And I ain't tripping on nothing, I'm sipping on something
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me tonight

[Outro]
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single, put your-
If you're single tonight
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single, put your hands up
If you're single
If you're single tonight

[Intro: Puff Daddy & The Notorious B.I.G]
Mmmmmmmmm-HMM
See.. 

[echoes]
I told you.. 

[echoes]
See, I told y'all muh'fuckers
Yo yo.. that stupid nigga man
I told y'all to stop!
He fucked up, yo..
I pray for you to stop
Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. yo.. yo..
Yo, yo yo yo, yo..
But no, you didn't stop
Yo.. yo..
And now, we won't stop

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I make your mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release you lose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods your dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater
Than the average playa hater and spectators
Buy my CD twice, they see me in the streets
They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low though"
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out .44s and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas, snort 'caine niggas
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
'Til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard like my girl's nipples be
The game sour like a pickle be, y'all know the rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz
Thinkin' 'bout all the planes we flew, bitches we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit's strenuous
When my men bust, you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha)
Blood rushin', concussions ain't nothin'
Catch cases, come out fronting, smokin' something
Sippin' White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin'
I laced it with the basic, six TVs a system
Knockin' Ma$e shit, face it, we hard to hit
Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, lick shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, long kiss

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Hell, we don’t give a fuck
We just absolutely don’t give a fuck
Because there ain’t no love here
There ain’t no love here
You know, we gon' keep doin' what we do
We gon' keep fuckin' you up
I'ma keep stomping your motherfucking head in
You fucking bitch

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Uhh.. I'm flamin' gats, aimin' at
These fuckin' maniacs, put my name in raps
What part the game is that? Like they hustle backwards
I smoke Backwoods and Dutchies, you can't touch me
Try to rush me, slugs go, touchy-touchy
You're bleedin' lovely, with yo' spirit above me
Or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky
Now you rest eternally sleepy, you burn when you creep me
Rest where the worms and the weak be
My nine flies, baptize rap guys
With the Holy Ghost, I put holes in most
You hold your toast shaky, slippin' tryna break me
Look what you made me do, brains blew
My team in the marine-blue Six Coupé
Skied it out, weeded out, cleanin' out
The block for distances, givin' long kisses, bitch

[Interlude: Puff Daddy]
Only I can do now, I say a prayer for you
You know, that’s the only thing I can do, just pray for your mind
Because, see your mind is in control of your heart
Where it's supposed to be the other way around
Your heart has got to control your mind
So now, I have no feelings for you
You have made me cruel, you have made me cold

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Frank White the menacin', Chron Chron's the medicine
I got the lettuce and you turn green like cucumber skin
Got the new Hummer in the summer when
I was a newcomer then, drugs and MAC-10s
Hugs from fake friends, make ends they hate you
Be broke, girls won't date you
That's why I relate to, choke your ass out 'til your face blue
Make you, open the safe too
No matter how you call it (how you call it), this brolic alcoholic
Like his weed greened out, like his brick solid
Distribute to kids who take heart like Valentine
Drink Ballantine all the time
Slugs hit your chest, tap your spine, flatline
Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked four times
Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real though
Sling steel slow, as for remorse, we feel no

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
See the fucked up thing is that I love you
You know what I’m saying
It’s just in my nature to love you
I can’t hate you
‘Cause its not in my nature to hate you
You know, I don’t know
Maybe I’m a different type of individual
But you have me on a line
And there’s a thin line between love and hate
And God-forbid I cross that line
Cause I’m not gon’ give a fuck
I’m telling you right motherfucking now
The shit that ya’ll done started
Is never gonna stop!
We are never gonna stop!
And we’re not talking about no other rappers
We’re talking about you, motherfucker!
You know who I’m talking to
We comin' for you
We comin' for you
Laughs
Feels so good
I'ma make you love me baby, baby

[Intro: Kanye West]
Oh, yeah
I got the perfect song for the kids to sing
And all my people that's—

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
We wasn't s'posed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
If this is your first time hearing this
You are about to experience something so cold, man
We never had nothin' handed, took nothin' for granted
Took nothin' from no man, man, I'm my own man
But as a shorty, I looked up to the dope man
Only adult man I knew that wasn't broke, man
Flicking Starter coats, man—man, you don't know, man
We don't care what people say
This is for my niggas outside all winter
'Cause this summer, they ain't finna say, "Next summer, I'm finna..."
Sitting in the hood like community colleges
This dope money here is Lil' Trey's scholarship
'Cause ain't no tuition for having no ambition
And ain't no loans for sitting your ass at home
So we forced to sell crack, rap, and get a job
You gotta do something, man, your ass is grown

[Chorus: Kanye West with Choir]
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
(Kids, sing! Kids, sing!)
We wasn't s'posed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
This second verse is for my dogs working nine to five that still hustle
'Cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55
And everybody selling makeup, Jacob's
And bootlegged tapes just to get they cake up
We put shit on layaway, then come back
We claim other people kids on our income tax
We take that money, cop work, then push packs to get paid
And we don't care what people say
Mama say she wanna move South
Scratching lottery tickets, eyes on a new house
'Round the same time, Doe ran up in dude house
Couldn't get a job
So since he couldn't get work, he figured he'd take work
The drug game bulimic, it's hard to get weight
So niggas' money is homo, it's hard to get straight
But we gon' keep bakin' 'til the day we get cake
And we don't care what people say, my niggas—

[Chorus: Choir & Kanye West]
Drug dealin' just to get by (Yeah)
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
Kids, sing! Kids, sing!
We wasn't s'posed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive (Alive, uh-huh)
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say" (Yeah, yeah, ugh)

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You know the kids gon' act a fool
When you stop the programs for after school
And they DCFS, some of 'em dyslexic
They favorite 50 Cent song "12 Questions"
We scream: "rocks, blow, weed, park," see, now we smart
We ain't retards the way teachers thought
Hold up, hold fast, we make more cash
Now, tell my mama I belong in that slow class
It's bad enough we on welfare
They tryna put me on the school bus with the space for the wheelchair
I'm tryna get the car with the chrome-y wheels here
They tryna cut our lights out like we don't live here
Look what was handed us, fathers abandoned us
When we get them hammers, go on, call the ambulance
Sometimes, I feel no one in this world understands us
But we don't care what people say, my niggas—

[Chorus: Choir & Kanye West]
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack your money 'til it get sky high
Kids, sing! Kids, sing!
We wasn't s'posed to make it past twenty-five
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say
"We don't care what people say"

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Produced by Nashiem Myrick]

[Intro: Puffy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
As we proceed to give you what you need (Uh)
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers (Now turn the mics up)
As we proceed to give you what you need (Turn that mic up)
(Yeah, that beat is knocking, I need that mic up, though)
(Turn that shit the fuck up)
East Coast, motherfuckers (Uh, what?)
Bad Boy, motherfuckers (Turn it up louder, yeah, uh)
As we proceed to give you what you need
J.M., motherfuckers
J.M., motherfuckers (Uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (Uh)

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Who shot ya? Separate the weak from the obsolete
Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets
It's on, nigga, fuck all that bickerin' beef
I can hear sweat tricklin' down your cheek
Your heartbeat sound like Sasquatch feet
Thunderin', shakin' the concrete
Then the shit stop when I foil the plot
Neighbors call the cops, said they heard mad shots
Saw me in the drop, three and a quarter
Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
Old school, new school need to learn though
I burn, baby, burn, like "Disco Inferno"
Burn slow like blunts with yayo
Peel more skins than Idaho Potato
Niggas know; the lyrical molesting is taking place
Fucking with B.I.G., it ain't safe
I make your skin chafe, rashes on them asses
Bumps and bruises, blunts and Land Cruisers
Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools
Niggas mad because I know that cash rules
Everything around me, two Glock nines
Any motherfucker whispering about mines (And I'm)
And I'm Crooklyn's finest (Crooklyn's finest)
You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this (Bad Boy's behind this)

[Interlude: Puffy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
As we proceed to give you what you need (What?)
9-5, motherfuckers (What?)
Get live, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need (What?)
East Coast, motherfuckers
Bad Boy, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers (Uh, uh)
Smoke blunts, motherfuckers (Uh)
Get high, motherfuckers (9-5, uh)
Ready to die, motherfuckers (Uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (Uh)

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
I seen the light excite all the freaks
Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
Niggas wanna creep, gotta watch my back
Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack?
I switches all that, cocksucker, G's up
One false move, get Swiss cheesed up
Clip to TEC, respect, I demand it
Slip and break the 11th Commandment
Thou shalt not fuck with nor see Poppa
Feel a thousand deaths when I drop you
I feel for you, like Chaka Khan, I'm the don
Pussy when I want, Rolex on the arm
You'll die slow but calm
Recognize my face so there won't be no mistake
So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga
Brave nigga, turned front page nigga
Puff Daddy flips daily
I smoke the blunts he sips on the Baileys
On the rocks, tote Glocks at christenings
Hammer cock, in the fire position and—

[Interlude: The Notorious B.I.G.]
Come here, come here (It ain't gotta be like that, B.I.G.)
Open your fucking mouth, open your—
Didn't I tell you don't fuck with me? (Come on, man) Huh?
Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me? (Come on, man) Huh?
(Come on, man) Look at you now, huh? (Come on, man)
Can't talk with a gun in your mouth, huh?
Bitch-ass nigga, what?
Who shot you?

[Outro: Puffy & The Notorious B.I.G.]
To give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers (Who shot ya?)
Ready to die, motherfuckers, hah!
As we proceed (Who shot ya?)
To give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
East Coast, motherfucker (Who shot ya?)
West Coast, motherfuckers (Uh)
West Coast, motherfuckers, hah!
As we proceed to give you what you need
As we proceed to give you what you need (As we proceed to give you what you need)
Get live, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers (Get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers (9-5, motherfuckers)
Get money, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need (As we proceed to give you what you need)
Get live, motherfuckers (Get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers
J.M., motherfuckers
J.M., motherfuckers
As we proceed
To give you what you need
9-5

[Intro: Snoop Dogg & Cop]
Hit this motherfucker, G
No, naw, man, I can't fuck with that
Aw, man, I been dealin' with you for three motherfuckin' months, you ain't hit the pipe in front of me yet!
So, what you sayin'?
I think you 5-0!
5-0? Man, I ain't no motherfuckin' cop!
Well, hit this motherfucker then
(Lights pipe)

[Sample]
("I can feel it!")

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Tonight's the night I get in some shit (Yeah)
Deep cover, on the incognito tip
Killin' motherfuckers if I have to, peelin' caps, too
Let your niggas know I'm comin' at you
I guess that's part of the game
But I feel for the nigga who think he just gonna come and change things with the swiftness
So get it right with the quickness
And let me handle my business, yo
I'm on a mission, and my mission won't stop
Until I get the nigga maxin' at the top
I hope you get his ass 'fore he drop
Kingpin, kickin' back while his workers slang his rocks
Comin' up like a fat rat
Big money, big cars, big bodyguards on his back
So it's difficult to get him
But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact with him
Hit him like this and like that
Let him know that I'm lookin' for a big, fat dope sack
With ends to spend, so let's rush it
If you want to handle it tonight, we'll discuss it
On a nigga's time, and a nigga's place
Take my strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face
'Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker
But I gives a fuck, 'cause I'm goin' deep cover

[Chorus: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
Creep with me as I crawl through the hood
Maniac, lunatic, call him "Snoop Eastwood"
Kickin' dust as I bust, fuck peace, and
The motherfuckin' punk police
You already know I gives a fuck about a cop
So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop?
Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do
Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue
Dre! (What up, Snoop?) Yo, I got the feelin'
Tonight's the night, like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin'
Killin', feelin' no remorse, yeah
So let's go straight to the motherfuckin' source
And see what we can find
Crooked-ass cops that be gettin' niggas a gang of time
And now, they wanna make a deal with me
Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me
And make my pockets bigger
They want to meet with me tonight at seven o'clock (So, what's up, nigga?)
What you wanna do? (What you wanna do?)
I got the gauge, a Uzi, and my motherfuckin' twenty-two
So, if you wanna blast, nigga, we can buck 'em
If we stick 'em, then we struck 'em, so fuck 'em!
("I can feel it!")

[Chorus: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre]
Six-four-five was the time on the clock
When me and my homie bailed in the parkin' lot
The scene looked strange, and it felt like a setup
Bet' not be, 'cause if it is, they gettin' lit up!
Oh, here they come from the back in they 'Lacs
I'm checkin' for the gats they strap, so what's up, black?
Chill, let's hear the deal
If it ain't up to what you feel, then grab your steel
Right, so, what you motherfuckers gon' come at me with?
Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip
'Cause you can save that shit (Guess what they told me?)
"We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homie
We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush
Oh, yeah, but you got to sell dope for us"
"Hmmm, let me think about it"
Turned my back and grabbed my gat
And guess what I told him 'fore I shot it?
If you don't quit, yeah
If you don't stop, yeah
I'm lettin' my gat pop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop!

[Chorus: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop
Yeah, and you don't stop
'Cause it's 1-8-7 on a undercover cop

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
G MIX!
For kings only
Biatch!

[Verse 1 - Jay-Z]
Hold up, I wanna rock right now
My name is Hov and I came to shake the town
Yeah, your boy's internationally known
But I'm from the hood, got a pocket full of stones
I used to cop "Rob Base", turn it into "EZ Rock"
Just to stay "Doug E. Fresh", all that shit to easy rock
Used to "Chef" Raekwon, give fiends a "Ghostface"
Y'all know my "Forte", I just might catch a dope case
I "Mastered" the "P"
With connects in the Midwest, so I'm "Heavy" in the "D"
Your boy still "Snoop" around
Since a pup, I been "Kurupt" and I fuck with Tha Dogg Pound
Ugh! Roc Nation is the gang now
Some dope lyrics is the only thing I slang now
I "Get the Job Done", I put the "Kane" down
It's no "Biggie" - heh, I'm just a king now

[Hook]

(*Malice N Wonderland!)

[Verse 2 - Snoop Dogg]
G Mix!!!! I was a fiend, before I became a teen
I melted cabbage sacks instead of cones of ice cream
Crime orientated that's how the west was originated
Fitted like pieces of puzzle, complicated
I dropped the sack and tried to rap hits y'all
They tried to bang on me, and say that I'm too small
Cool!!! Cause I don't get upset
I call the king of the east catch a flight then I jet
Right back to the west, where my niggas is at
Scoop the gilly put it back on the map
Like this like that while you rollin a bag
Loadin ya gat, pop pop, I'm holdin ya back
I'm like the Whopper FUCK THE BIG MAC!!!
Run up on the dog my gat go click clack
And that's fo' sho!!!
The reason why, man I don't know so let's go cuz

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Snoop Dogg]
Boss Dogg chillin', looking like a million
Yeah, nigga got it, I'mma leave it to my children
Tonight I'm on some other shit, and baby loving it
Hella fast, grip they ass like the oven mitt
I'm gooned up, boy! Rich as fuck, boy!
Black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy
I'm on my Eastside, shit I'm working
I got the party going, and it's jerking
My niggas all long, we rolling out deck
Hoes getting in, you better pick a bitch
Cause when I shut it down, the party's over with
She call me "Superman", I'm on my "Soulja" shit
Boss Dogg get em, I sick em and take em home
West Coast bitch, I'm on my fucking throne
I'm gigging on these hoes, do em like dominoes
And slam em on they back and tell em "vamanos"

[Verse 1]
In December, drinking horchata
I'd look psychotic in a balaclava
Winter's cold is too much to handle
Pincher crabs that pinch at your sandals

[Verse 2]
In December, drinking horchata
Look down your glasses at that Aranciata
With lips and teeth to ask how my day went
Boots and fists to pound on the pavement

[Chorus]
Here comes a feeling you thought you'd forgotten
Chairs to sit and sidewalks to walk on

[Verse 3]
You'd remember drinking horchata
You'd still enjoy it with your foot on Masada
Winter's cold is too much to handle
Pincher crabs that pinch at your sandals

[Chorus]
Here comes a feeling you thought you'd forgotten
Chairs to sit and sidewalks to walk on
Oh, you had it but oh, no, you lost it
Looking back, you shouldn't have fought it

[Verse 4]
In December, drinking horchata
I'd look psychotic in a balaclava
Winter's cold is too much to handle
Pincher crabs that pinch at your sandals
Years go by and hearts start to harden
Those palms and firs that grew in your garden
Are falling down and nearing the rosebeds
The roots are shooting up through the tool shed
Those lips and teeth that asked how my day went
Are shouting up through cracks in the pavement

[Chorus]
Here comes a feeling you thought you'd forgotten
Chairs to sit and sidewalks to walk on
Oh, you had it but oh, no, you lost it
You understood so you shouldn't have fought it
Here comes a feeling you thought you'd forgotten
Chairs to sit and sidewalks to walk on
Here comes a feeling you thought you'd forgotten
Chairs to sit and sidewalks to walk on

[Intro]
(Now I gotta deal with this shit)
Ayy, yo, y'all niggas must be out your fuckin' mind (Yo, yo, old shitty-dick ass niggas)
Thinking dog can't pull another motherfuckin' rabbit out the hat (Yo, y'all niggas is fucking dumb)
Think I ain't got a trick up my motherfuckin' sleeve, you bitch-ass niggas
Fuck these niggas thinking?
Y'all niggas thinkin' I'm doing, just sittin' around doin' nothin'?
Oh my God, niggas can't be serious

[Chorus]
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that

[Post-Chorus]
Yo, yo (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo (Yo, yo, yo, yo)

[Verse 1]
Man, cats don't know (What?) what it's gon' be
Fuckin' with a nigga like me
D to the M to the X (X)
Last I heard, y'all niggas was havin' sex (Uh) with the same sex (Woo)
I show no love (Yeah) to homo thugs (Nah)
Empty out, reload, and blow more slugs (Boom)
How you gonna explain fuckin' a man?
Even if we squash the beef, I ain't touchin' your hand (Aight?)
I don't fuck with chumps (Yeah)
For those that been to jail, that's the cat with the Kool-Aid on his lips and pumps (Uh)
I don't fuck with niggas that think they broads
Only know how to be one way, that's the dog (Woo)
I know how to get down, know how to bite (Bite)
Bark very little, but I know how to fight (Fight)
I know how to chase a cat up in a tree
Man, I'll give y'all niggas the business for fuckin' with me
Is you crazy?

[Chorus]
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that

[Post-Chorus]
Yo, yo (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo (Yo, yo, yo, yo)

[Verse 2]
Once it's on, I come through, guns is drawn
Blam, blam, lungs is gone, sons will mourn
From dusk 'til dawn (Uh), night time belongs to the dog
On the street past midnight, look for 'em in the morgue (Yeah)
Won't play with these cats 'cause I ain't got nothin' to say to these cats (Uh)
For the mothers that really do love 'em, please pray for these cats (Aight?)
'Cause I know niggas is hard-headed, but I ain't got the patience (Uh)
Don't want me havin' no patience, turn into more patients
More trips to ICU 'cause I see you
Trying to get away with shit a real nigga wouldn't do
Where my dogs at? (Right here)
You see them niggas? (Right where?)
Get 'em, boys (Right there)
That's how we do (Alright, then)
Yeah, this is for my dogs (Uh), this is for my dogs (Uh)
Yo, where we at, baby? (Creepin' through the fog)
From then 'til now, don't ask me how
Know that we gon' roll like them niggas and hit every block on the job

[Chorus]
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that

[Post-Chorus]
Yo, yo (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo (Yo, yo)
Yo, yo (Yo, yo, yo, yo)

[Verse 3]
I get apes doin' crime, stomp niggas like grapes makin' wine (Yeah)
Five CD's with mad rhymes (Aight)
Don't hit me with that positive shit, I know you lyin'
You really wanna stop niggas from dyin'? Stop niggas from tryin' (Yeah)
'Cause I ain't really got that time to waste
And I thought I told you to get these fuckin' bums out my face (Aight?)
Lookin' at you in your grill, it might be nice to cut (Uh-huh)
Once I split your ass in two, you'll be twice as butt (Uh-huh)
Yeah, you right, I know your style pussy, 'cause I'm fuckin' it (Damn)
Since we all here, you hold my dick while he suckin' it (Woo)
Motherfucker, don't you know you'll never come near me?
Shove your head up your ass, have you seein' shit clearly (Woo)
Never heard that D be running (Uh), 'cause D be gunning
I beat my dick and bust off in your eye so you can see me comin'
Empty clips and shells are what I leave behind
And if they get me with the joint, they'll hit me with a three-to-nine

[Chorus]
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that
Where the hood, where the hood, where the hood at?
Have that nigga in the cut, where the wood at?
Oh, them niggas actin' up? Where the wolves at?
You better bust that if you gon' pull that

[Outro]
What?
Where the fuckin' hood at?
Ayy, no one's fuckin' with me, nigga (It's all good)
For real (It's all good, dog is the hood)
I am the hood (It's all good, dog in the hood)
I am the streets (It's all good, dog is the hood)
You bitch-ass nigga (It's all good, dog is the hood)
Take it how you want, motherfucker (It's all good)
I'm in the hood all day (Dog is the hood)
I think I'm, like, the only nigga, dog (Dog in the hood)
That can go to the projects (School Street, Home of the Brave)
By his fuckin' self and be good (Good)
Yeah, nigga, ask niggas on my projects (Yo, Y.O.)
When the last time they seen dog, motherfucker (Not too long ago, baby)
D, Y, uh (Y'all niggas is homeless)
Kato (Where the hood at?)

[Intro: Gucci Mane]
Ha (Ha), ha (Ha, ha, ha)
Ha (Ha), ha (Ha, ha)
Wasted, I'm wasted, so wasted, so wasted
Take it, FATBOI

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Geeking like Whitney, geeking like Britney (Wasted)
Gucci no hippie, but he stoned like Jimmy (Jimmy)
X-pill poppers, geeked up crazy (Crazy)
Whole clique rolling, everyone's wasted (Wasted)
Purple Codeine Sprite pink: don't waste it (Waste it)
Mix-up, grandma drink it, didn't taste it (Taste it)
Now grandma sipping syrup, leaning wasted
Walking around fucked up twisting her fingers
Homegirl slipped up, drunk, got wasted (Wasted)
Now she backstage and she trying to get famous
See me, I'm a drinkie, drinking, Gucci Mane shake it (shake it)
Club life, damn right, Gucci Mane wasted (wasted)

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

[Verse 2: Plies]
I don't wear tight jeans like the white boys
But I do get wasted like the white boys
Now I'm looking for a bitch to suck this Almond Joy
Say she got to stop sucking cause her jaws sore
Got a bitch on the couch, bitch on the floor (on the floor)
Your partner just popped another one, now he rolling more
Was on 3 pills, now he on 4
I don't know why, but that Remy turn me into a whore
Walked in the club, pocket full of big faces
Got that .40 on my waist and it's off safety
About 40 goons with me and we all wasted
On Remy straight tonight, dogg, no chaser

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
Whole clique faded, we geeked up crazy (crazy)
Big boy bracelets, we "white-boy wasted" (Wasted)
No shirts, fuck it! Our necks and arms are tatted
We sloppy drunk, disgusted, the liquor keep wasting (wasting)
285 Eastside, me and Plies wasted (Wasted)
Racing, Chevy beating, booty/butt chasing
Spring bling, 50 thousand, white girls shaking
Some dancing naked, but everyone's wasted (Wasted)
Magic City Monday, ball-player wasted (Wasted)
This is for your uncle drinking Thunderbird, wasted (Wasted)
12-pack wasted, I need more cases (Wasted)
And Gucci's not a racist all my diamonds caucasian

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Rockstar lifestyle, might don't make it (Wasted)
Living life high, every day, clique wasted (Wasted)
Sipping on purple stuff, rolling up stanky (Wasted)
Wake in the morning, ten o'clock drinking (Wasted)
"Party, party, party!" Let's all get wasted (Wasted)
Shake it for me, baby girl, do it butt-naked (Wasted)
I'm so wasted, she's so wasted (Wasted)
Tell the bartender, "send me twenty more cases!"

[Outro: Gucci Mane]
This is GPSA (Ghetto Public Service Announcement)
We don't get fucked up no more
We get wasted (Wasted)
Gucci Mane, Plies, FATBOI

[Hook: Eye-Kyu & Eminem]
Now, what you know about a sweet MC from the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one, see
Man, what you know about a sweet MC in the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one, see

[Verse 1: Eye-Kyu]
Yo, some people say I'm whack, now if that's right I'm
The freshest whack MC that you ever heard in your lifetime
My slick acapella sounds clever with the beats
Boy, I'm the deepest thing since potholes to ever hit the streets
Forget a gold digger's succubus
My soul's thick with ruggedness
With the mic I'm like a dyke: can't no nigga fuck with this
I got more different strokes than Philip Drummound
On open mic I bone your woma just to keep my lyrics comin'
(Bitch!) We elevated to new heights, premeditated
Let it be that I stated, they hate it
Now that they see that I made it
The escalated can be put to the test of greatness
Snatch the heart from MC's and I ate it
So I take it, that's the reason I'm hated
To represent's my temperament
If rap was a dick, all you so called hard MCs would not be impotent, but pimpin' it
And actin' like you could rock a show
Harder than LL's rock the bells and you's a ho
Everything that you collaborate I lacerate
My rhymes they keep comin' like nymphomaniacs that masturbate
At a faster rate, yeah I got somethin' for your ass to hate
I blast your hate and have you all runnin' past the gates
And as for face clutchin' and touchin' the flows
I got them open like marijuana smoke up in your nose
Buckin' these hoes, I got that shit down to a science
Leavin' them hot and bothered, turned on like an appliance
Defiance? No, we won't have that
You want your shit to blow up?
Well, I'ma stuff some dynamite in your ass crack
And blast that shit to kingdom come
Then bring them some of this real hip-hop
I drop beats and you ain't singin' or gonna do a thing but run
And you all knew from Meeko
That you couldn't hold your own with the strength of Lou Ferrigno
So stop that bullshit flow
Yo, you need to come with the real skills and act like you know

[Hook: Eminem & Eye-Kyu]
Now, what you know about a sweet MC from the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one, see
Now, what you know about a sweet MC from the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one, see

[Verse 2: Eminem]
So what you know about a sweet MC in the 313?
You don't know shit so when you see one, flee
You can be Run-D, you'll never be the MC
I stopped the alphabet at S and got it down to a T
I'm sure you're bound to agree, a sweet MC crash the spot
I'll make the roof hot like I was Rock Master Scott
Your ass forgot, so just in case you don't remember me
I'll run your brain round the block to jog your fuckin' memory
It's either them or me, man, kill or be killed
Your will'll be sealed, your casket closed, you still'll be billed
My facilities filled with fans packed to capacity
I'll send a rapper back with the crack of his ass shitty (Ha)
If he's actin' soft and he cowers
He better come cleaner than Jeru jackin' off when he showers
You flowers got no clout with a thing
You could date a stick of dynamite and wouldn't go out with a bang
I shout with a slang simple as ABCs
Skip over the Ds and rock the microphone with ease
Dethrone MCs and I'ma max alone
Relax your dome, like a solo from a saxophone
So facts are known, biters get treated with shots
I rock a beat harder than you could beat it with rocks
I'm greeted with flocks of fellow followers' singers
You couldn't make the fans throw up their hands if they swallowed their fingers
But you can bring yours, let's see what you got
But don't front and never try to be what you're not
'Cause you can be quick, jump the candlestick, burn your back
And fuck Jill on a hill, but you still ain't jack

[Hook: Eye-Kyu & Eminem]
Now, what you know about a sweet MC from the 313?
None of these skills you 'bout to see come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you gotta become me
If you ever wanna be one, see
Man, what you know about a sweet MC in the 313?
None of these skills you just seen come free
So you wanna be a sweet MC, you better become me
If you ever wanna be one, see

[Intro]
(Yeaa!)
Yeaa! Yeaa!
Yeaa! Yeaa!
Yeaa! Yeaa!
Yeaa!
She's a very freaky girl
Very freaky girl
Gucci, I want a very freaky girl

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Uh

[Verse 1]
Let me set the record straight:
Hater: you participate
3 girls with me like I'm going on Elimidate
Say you got a man, but your man ain't here
The ice in my ear shine like a chandelier
Jumping out the phantom, don't you think I'm handsome?
Watch on my wrist cost more than a mansion
Bet your baby-daddy ain't icing like the kid be
Got your baby mama front seat of the Ferrari

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Uh

[Verse 2]
Gucci Mane La Flare. Baby, I'm that guy
Girls' eyeballs pop when they see when my Lamb' pass by
My money long as a limo
Just to show off, I put my wrist out the window
Ride through the 6, little kids scream "bingo!"
I fell off in the spotlight, like ay, let's mingle
Then the DJ play my new single
The club got crazy, all the hoes went psycho

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Uh

[Verse 3]
Don't be conceited, girl
I know you're freaky, girl
I know your secret, girl
But I'm gonna keep it, girl
Oh, you's a college girl?
Come be a Gucci girl
Oh, you's a Gucci fan?
Let's go to Gucciland
You dig a Gucci man
Cause only Gucci can
Drop a stack, pop your back with a rubberband
You diggin Gucci, Gucci
Let's do the oochie-coochie
Oh, that's your girlfriend?
Why don't you introduce me

[Chorus]
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
She's a very freaky girl (yeaa!), don't bring her to mama (mama!)
First you get her name (name), then you get her number (number!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Then you get some brain in the front seat of the Hummer (yeaa!)
Uh

[Intro]
I love her like—
Oh— Oh, yes, I love her like—
Oh— Oh, yes, I love her like—
Oh— Oh, yes, I love her like—
Oh— Oh, yes, I love her like—

[Verse 1]
Oh, yes, I love her, like Egyptian
Want a description? Her body's sickening
I can be her prescription, I can be her physician
Sexual healing: I can be her religion
And now, she's kneeling, praying to the ceiling
I bless her as if she sneezed—must be the weather
I dress her: I am her sleeves, I am her feathers
She's fly—flyer than you, flyer than me
I love her; she loves me, too; I love her three times
More than her mom; time will tell that I'm the nigga that
She should—we should be wherever she wanna be on a
Late night, midday, A.M., just say when
And I know I be with cavemen, but never mind them
She's "Poison," and I am Michael Bivins
See, I know that y'all don't hear me, but she does; we does
What grown folk do when they had too much to drink, and I think
We done had too much to drink, and

[Chorus]
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh— Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed

[Verse 2]
Oh, yes, I love her like I ought to
I see you at the altar, Mrs. Carter
I see you with my daughter, or son—more than one
Maybe five, like the Jacksons, or John Paxson
Just don't let 'em fuck up the mansion
And Daddy will be home later on
Smelling like the cologne that I put on this morn
And I hope that you smell like woman's soap and shampoo
And lotion and perfume and candles
And I'ma run through that pussy like a vandal, yes
I'm nasty as a Scorpio, but I'm a lucky Libra
Got her wet like she's sweating out a fever—wow!
Leave her to me, and she'll be smiling every single time you see her
From ear to ear
I want to be beside her when she sleep as she lay
Or we can stay awake and watch the next day
Clothes are overrated; panties are debated
Einstein: Her head is the greatest

[Chorus]
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh— Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed

[Verse 3]
Oh, yes, I love her like her dad told her no man would ever love her—oh, and
I better be the only man sticking it
Licking it like an envelope; mailing it, sealing it, read it
I have written down Victoria's Secret—don't tell nobody
Don't share your body with nobody—not even a finger
I will cut it off and let him keep it—that ass for Weezy, baby
And at my station, we have sex orientation
When I hit it, she squint like them Orient Asians; I do me
I say, "Hey, Ms. Chun Li, I like to see your booty—
Roll, like sushi"; I'm tryna dip my celery up in her bleu cheese
"Ah"s, "Ooh-wee"s
"Voila"s, "Ta-da"s, "Mhm"s, "Uh-huh"s
"Oh, yeah"s, never "Oh, no"s until I have to go
And then it's: "Never! Oh, no!" I tell her, "Don't cry—
I be back like the electric bill"
And when she butt-naked, she dressed to kill

[Chorus]
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed
(Oh— Oh, yes, I love her like) Pussy, money, weed
Pussy, money, weed; pussy, money, weed

[Intro: Chuck D. Sample]
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Haha, Luda!
She can go lower than I ever really thought she could
Face down, ass up
The top of your booty jiggling out your jeans
Baby pull your pants up
I like it when I see you do it
Better than I've ever seen I done befo'
A lot of, women, drop it to the ground
But how low can you go?
Lower than your mama's ever seen it in her lifetime
Never would've imagined it, not even in her right mind
Practice in front of that mirror, now you doing it on the dance flo'
Mad 'cause I can't get with you, chick, just show me how to dance, oh
I may not wanna get low, so I'm posted up, kinda like a player do
But if you come to the crib, then I might show you girls a thang or two
Yeah, I think you a superstar, with a ass like that you gotta blow
Befo' you make it big, there's just one thang that I gotta know

[Interlude: Chuck D. Sample]
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?

[Hook: Shawnna & Ludacris]
I can go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
I be like knick, knack, patty, wack
Oh, where my kitty cat?
Give a dog a bone
How many licks does it take 'til I get to the center and let a realer nigga take you home?
I can make this show stop, soon as he hear this fo' pop
From A-T-L-A-N-T-A-N all the way down to yo' block
Put the needle on the record
And I make her get lower than a Lamborghini
And if she really get low, then I'ma shoot a video and put it all on TV
'Cause I like that French vanilla (French vanilla)
And the caramel (and the caramel)
But when it comes to chocolate (when it comes to chocolate)
I know that very well
Asian persuasion, no discrimination, I love how they seem to please us
I wanna taste them butter Rican pecan peanut butter cups like Reese's Pieces
'Cause I think you a superstar, with a ass like that you gotta blow
Befo' you make it big, well, there's just one thang that I gotta know

[Interlude: Chuck D. Sample]
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?

[Hook: Shawnna & Ludacris]
I can go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
Drop it, hit it, dump it, split it
Don't, stop – get it, get it
Put it in reverse just to back it up
Let me put some Luda in it
Show me whatchu working with
I'll show you some of this bankroll
Yeah, you a superstar
There's just one thang I gotta know, so

[Interlude: Chuck D. Sample]
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?
How low can you go? How low can you go?

[Hook: Shawnna & Ludacris]
I can go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know
Go low (go low), lower than you know

[Chorus]
My chick bad, my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
My-my chick bad, my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
(DTP!)
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Listen, I'm sayin' my chick bad, my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
My chick bad, badder than yours
My chick do stuff that I can't even put in words
Her swagger don't stop, her body won't quit
So fool pipe down, you ain't talkin 'bout shit
M-m-my chick bad, tell me if you seen her
She always bring the racket like Venus and Serena
All white top, all white belt
And all white jeans, body lookin' like milk
No-no time for games, she's full grown
My chick bad, tell yo' chick to go home

[Chorus]
My chick bad, my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
My-my chick bad, my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
(Let's go!)
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours

[Verse 2: Ludacris]
Now-now-now-now-now-now, now your girl might be sick but my girl's sicker
She rides that dick and she handles her liquor
Will knock a bitch out, annnnd fight
Comin' out swingin' like Tiger Woods' wife
Yeahhh, she could get a little hasty
Chicks better cover up they chest like pasties
Couple girlfriends and they ALL a little crazy
Comin down the street like a parade, Macy's
(Whoo!) I fill 'er up, balloons
Test her and guns get drawn like cartoons
D'oh, but I ain't talkin 'bout Homer
Chick's so bad the whole crew wanna bone her, yeah

[Chorus]
My chick bad, my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
My-my chick bad (and I'm lovin' it!), my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Yo, yo, now-now-now-now
Now all these bitches wanna try and be my bestie
But I take a left and leave them hangin' like a testie
Trash talk to 'em then I put 'em in a Hefty
Runnin' down the court I'm dunkin' on 'em, Lisa Leslie
It-it-it-it-it's goin' down, basement
Friday the 13th, guess who's playing Jason
Tuck yourself in, you better hold onto your teddy
It's Nightmare on Elm Street and guess who's playin' Freddy
My chick bad, chef cookin' for me
They say my shoe game crazy, the mental asylum lookin' for me
(Ha ha ha ha), you a rookie to me
I'm in that wham-bam purple Lam, damn bitch you been a fan

[Chorus]
My chick bad (don't get scared now, haha!), my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
(Disturbing Tha Peace!)
My-my chick bad, my chick hood
My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours
My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours

[Outro: Ludacris]
Luda, DTP
And when we all alone, I might just tip her
She slides down the pole, like a certified stripper
When we all alone I might tip, tip her
She slides down the pole, like a certified stripper
When-when we all alone, I might just tip her
She slides down the pole, like a certified stripper
When we all alone, I might just tip her
She slides down the pole, like a certified stripper, I kinda like that

[Intro: Ludacris]
Oww!
Luda!

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
I done killed so many niggas in the booth, I sell rappers on eBay (Hey!)
'Cause every one of my verses been instant like replays (Hey!)
Speakers get blown like candles on your B-day (Hey!)
'Cause Luda's catalog got more records than the DJ (Woo!)
The bank yells, "Mayday!" 'cause every day's a payday
I put it on tape, and then, I sell it like Ray J (Ahh!)
But not out the store (Nope!), straight to the buyer
'Cause I slung 'em out my trunk like the D.C. Sniper
And six albums later, you'll deposit every word
'Til your memory bank gives me the credit I deserve
Top five, damn right! But really, it just hit me
That three of yo' top five's too scared to fuck with me! (Woo!)
So how can I advance if you don't give me no opponents? (Yeah!)
How can you see the future if you living for the moment? (Yeah!)
Hip-hop couldn't die, I never offered my condolence
But I'll offer y'all a day of atonement

[Hook: Ludacris, Lil Wayne, & Rakim sample]
'Cause I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need
Ludacris, I'm the last of a dying breed
And we almost extinct, so I'm saying it loud
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
M—M—MC means move—m... (I got it, baby!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And I'm an MC, I move the crowd like Moses
Like the Red Sea, I wear red like roses
Go against me and you'll be dead like roses
Spitting at your head for the bread like toasters
Never had a holster, I keep it on my lap
And hip-hop ain't dead, it just had a heart attack
But you see I keep it pumping, yeah, I got that heart back
So just call me Little Carter or Little Cardiac
Precious like an artifact, valuable like a quarterback
Hannibal, like they call me Jack, throwback like a Starter hat
Now, how did he thought of that? I mean, how did he think of that?
I mean, how did I think of that? Now, like a rental, bring it back
I mean, how did I think of that? I surprise myself sometimes
Someone should throw me a surprise party for every rhyme
Every time I do it, I do it dirty like swine
For the Dirty and Five, hip-hop—I'm alive!

[Hook: Ludacris, Lil Wayne, & Rakim sample]
I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need
Weezy F, the last of a dying breed
And we almost extinct, so I'm saying it loud!
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
M—M—MC means move—m—move the crowd
Owwwww!

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
They say O'Reilly don't like him (Nope!), Oprah won't invite him (Nope!)
The president denounced him (Yeah!), no one will announce him (No!)
Controversial lyrics like I'm crying for help (Hoo!)
"Very talented," but I should be ashamed of myself (Woo!)
But this is my art (Art), this is my music (Hey!)
I'm speaking from the heart, hit "Record" and I'll lose it!
Bite my tongue for no one (No!), I'll put you on blast (Blast)
So all the news channels, y'all could kiss my ass!
And if I dish it, I could take it (Yeah!), fix it if you break it (Yeah!)
Could hit rock bottom and I'm still gon' make it! (Why?)
'Cause I'm a born hustler, natural survivor
Seed of a gangsta, I put that on my father
YouTube or Google me, turn it up and play it (Hey!)
'Cause many people think it, I just had the balls to say it (What!)
And risk losing everything, I stand for the weak
Plus, I live for my freedom of speech, 'cause—

[Hook: Ludacris & Rakim sample]
I'm a lyricist to the death, so I got what you need
Ludacris, I'm the last of a dying breed
And we almost extinct, so I'm saying it loud
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
Say it with me: MC means move the crowd
M—M—MC means move—means—move the crowd
(My love`s a revolver)
(My love's a revolver)

[Verse: Madonna]
Oops ,I guess I shot ya
My finger`s on the trigga
I had a bullet with ya name on it , click click
I`m a sex pistol
My love should be illegal
Real deal baby
I`m no counterfeit
Click click

[Hook: Madonna]
Line 'em up
Knock 'em down
My looks can kill
(ay oh ay oh)
My body`s fully loaded
AndIgot more amo
Line 'em up
Knock 'em down
My looks can kill
(ay oh ay oh)
You`re an accessory to murder cause

[Hook]
My love`s a revolver
My sex is a killer
Do you wanna die happy ?
Do you wanna die happy ?

[Repeat x2]
I let it bang bang
I send a bang bang
I send a bang bang
I send a bang bang
My love`s a revolver
My sex is a killer
Do you wanna die happy ?
Do you wanna die happy ?

[Verse: Lil' Wayne]
Bang
The shooter name is Wayne
The victim didn`t complain
She just screamed 'shoot again'
I gave her extra rounds
My barrell twist around
I am Mr. Shoot-'Em-Down
I leave hearts on the ground
My love is a weapon
And yesIuse it well
ThenIlet the rose petals
Cover up the bullet shell
I never shoot and tell
I only shoot to kill
And that vest ain`t gonna help ya
Even if it`s made of steel
My love is a revolver
Do you wanna be my target ?
Cause i`m a sharp shooter
Matter fact , i`m the sharpest
My aim is so flawless
Girl you could be the farthest
I`mma still shoot my love
Let me know that you caught it
I`m the triggerman I pull it
I will when he wouldn`t
Do you wanna eat the bullet
And I know where to put it
It`s weezy f. baby
I`m shootin like the army
Girl I should be illegal
Betta put the safety on me
Yeah

[Hook: Madonna]
Click click
Line 'em up
Knock 'em down
My looks can kill
(ay oh ay oh)
My body`s fully loaded
AndIgot more amo
Line 'em up
Knock 'em down
My looks can kill
(ay oh ay oh)
You`re an accessory to murder cause

[Hook]
My love`s a revolver
My sex is a killer
Do you wanna die happy ?
Do you wanna die happy ?

[Repeat x2]
I let it bang bang
I send a bang bang
I send a bang bang
I send a bang bang
My love`s a revolver
My sex is a killer
Do you wanna die happy ?
Do you wanna die happy ?

[Repeat hook & Hook]
Young mullah, baby
Umm, young mullah, baby

She sayin', do you have the time
To listen to me whine
She askin', who's on the other line
You diss me everytime
I tell 'em, baby I'm a star
Shit, I'm above a star
And now, I done got so high
I did forgotten who you are
Oh oh oeh oh oh eh eh, ah ah...

Im in love with you
But I can't be with you
Tomorrow I'll be back up on the first flight
Right up out of town
Young mullah baby

She sayin', do you have the time
To listen to me whine
She askin', who's on the other line
You diss me everytime
I tell 'em, baby I'm a star
Shit, I'm above a star
And now, I done got so high
I did forgotten, who you are, are, are
Oh oh oeh oh oh eh eh, ah ah...
I'm in love with you
But I can't be with you
Tomorrow I'll be back up on the first flight
Right up out of town
Young Mullah baby
Hop up on my spaceship
Girl I gotta drop your ass off
Last night, yeah we were spaced girl
You love it, girl I gotta take off
Cause I'mma be here next week
So call your company and take off
Oh oh oeh oh oh eh...

Cause she say "Wayne Wayne"
So she got me all impatient
Cry me a river, I can hear my conscious
While I say aloud

Boy you got a problem
And you ain't foolin' no one
But yourself
You're like a hot revolver, hot revolver
But you ain't killin' no one but yourself
And so she's gone to party town, on her own
And you go by yourself, so all alone
I told her I can be with her
But I can't be with her
As much as she like me to
She like me too much, that's the problem
Oh my god then, shorty be wildin'
And when I say I got to leave
You wouldn't believe all of the things
That she'll do and all of the things
That she'll say to make me stay
And I be like, daaaaaammmmnnnnnn

I been that boy for forever
I'll be back someday
But she wanna go with me to outer space
So we made love in the Milky Way and then I send her on her way
Boy you got a problem
And you ain't foolin' no one
But yourself
Your like a hot revolver
But you ain't killin' no one
But yourself
And so she's gone to party town
On her own
And you go by yourself
So all alone
When you look into the mirror in the morning
Co you recognize who you see
When I look into the mirror in the morning
I don’t see anything
What happens when the sun don’t rise and the birdies don’t wana sing
And even the flowers of the day die and then they stink
And then they shrink
And even the friend of mine says the shrink might work
And I was thinking bout clearing my mind but im afraid it might hurt
And just when it seem that I got the whole world at my door
The bell ring and I open up with a bang

Im ready for the world im ready for you girl
Im ready for the world im ready for you girl
Im ready for whatever for now and forever
Im ready for whatever for now and forever
Im ready for the worlld the the the world
Im ready for the worlld the the the world

Wait til they get a load of me
Psychotic, my pilot left the air craft
Good weed like im smoking on some tear gas
How ya want I can specify mother fucker
Snearker sceintist I second high the mother fucker
Pissed off no more like shittin on
Get it good bitch I get til the getting gone
3 words bitches: "It is on"
Big dawg are the kittens home

Opening

Hmm yall ain't ready tho I get so much green they call me lil ready go
Is you ready 4 5 and the the leather coat and shoot these mother fuckers and whoever cope
Somebody better let em know I ended the banana clip in and in your cantaloupe
Fruity niggas suck a dick fuck the world, I'd rather fuck a bitch
Starin at the walls of the room figurin out how to get out
And theres no window to escape your mental drought
You think about the crossroads more than the man that's conducting the train
And then you lift your protected you still can't fuck lil wayne

[Intro: Kid Cudi]
Mmmm, ay-oh
Hey...
Ratatat, yeah!
Na-na-na-nah
Na-na-na-nah

[Verse 1: Kid Cudi]
Crush a bit, little bit, roll it up, take a hit
Feelin' lit, feelin' right, 2 AM, summer night
I don't care, hand on the wheel
Driving drunk, I'm doing my thing
Rolling the Midwest side and out
Living my life, getting out dreams
People told me slow my roll, I'm screaming out "Fuck that"
I'ma do just what I want, looking ahead, no turning back
If I fall, if I die, know I lived it to the fullest
If I fall, if I die, know I lived and missed some bullets

[Chorus: Andrew VanWyngarden & Kid Cudi]
I'm on the pursuit of happiness, and I know
Everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
I'll be fine once I get it
I'll be good
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know
Everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
I'll be fine once I get it
I'll be good

[Verse 2: Kid Cudi]
Tell me what you know about dreamin', dreamin'?
You don't really know about nothin', nothin'
Tell me what you know about the night terrors every night
5 AM, cold sweats, waking up to the sky
Tell me what you know about dreams, dreams?
Tell me what you know about night terrors? Nothing
You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow
Rather lay awake in the bed full of sorrow

[Chorus: Andrew VanWyngarden & Kid Cudi]
I'm on the pursuit of happiness, and I know
Everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
I'll be fine once I get it
I'll be good
I'm on the pursuit of happiness, and I know
Everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
I'll be fine once I get it
I'll be good

[Bridge: Kid Cudi]
I'm on the pursuit of happiness
I know everything that shine ain't always gold
I'll be fine once I get it
I'll be good

[Guitar Solo: Mike Stroud]

[Chorus: Andrew VanWyngarden & Kid Cudi]
I'm on the pursuit of happiness, and I know
Everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
I'll be fine once I get it
I'll be good
I'm on the pursuit of happiness, and I know
Everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold, hey
I'll be fine once I get it
I'll be good

[Outro: Kid Cudi]
Pursuit of happiness, yeah
I gon' get it, I'll be good
Oh...
Oh man, oh, ugh...
Room's spinning, room's spinning...
Pat, Zuli...
Oh fuck
Oh my God, why'd I drink so much and smoke so much? Oh
Oh, fuck

[Verse 1]
I got 99 problems and they all bitches
Wish I was Jigga man, carefree livin'
But I'm not Shawn or Martin Louis
I'm that Cleveland nigga rollin' with them Brooklyn boys
You knowin' how it be when you start living large
I control my own life, Charles was never in charge
No sitcom could teach Scott about the dram
Or even explain the troubles that haunted my mom
On Christmas time, my mom Christmas grind
Got me most of what I wanted, how'd you do it, Mom, huh?
She copped the toys I would play with in my room by myself
"Why he by himself?"
He got two older brothers; one hood, one good
An independent older sister kept me fly when she could
But they all didn't see
The little bit of sadness in me
Scotty

[Chorus]
I've got some issues that nobody can see
And all of these emotions are pouring out of me
I bring them to the light for you, it's only right
This is the soundtrack to my life, the soundtrack to my life

[Verse 2]
I'm super paranoid, like a sixth sense
Since my father died, I ain't been right since
And I tried to piece the puzzle of the universe
Split an eighth of shrooms just so I could see the universe
I try and think about myself as a sacrifice
Just to show the kids they ain't the only ones who up at night
The moon will illuminate my room
And soon I'm consumed by my doom
Once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck
It's all said and done and my cock's been sucked
So now I'm in the cut, alcohol in the wound
My heart's an open sore that I hope heals soon
I live in a cocoon opposite of Cancún
Where it is never sunny, the dark side of the moon
So it's more than right I try and shed some light on a man
Not many people of this planet understand, fam

[Chorus]
I've got some issues that nobody can see
And all of these emotions are pouring out of me
I bring 'em to the light for you, it's only right
This is the soundtrack to my life, the soundtrack to my life

[Verse 3]
I'm this close to go and trying some coke
And a happy ending would be slittin' my throat
Ignorance to cope, man, ignorance is bliss
Ignorance is love and I need that shit
If I never did shows then I'd prolly be a myth
If I cared about the blogs then I'd prolly be a jackass
Don't give a shit what people talkin' 'bout, fam
Haters shake my hand but I keep the sanitizer on deck
Hope I really get to see 30
Wanna settle down, stop being so flirty
Most of the clean faces be the most dirty
I just need a thoroughbred, cook when I'm hungry
Ass all chunky, brain is insanity
Only things that calm me down; pussy, and some Cali tree
And I get both, never truly satisfied
I am happy, that's just the saddest lie

[Chorus]
I've got some issues that nobody can see
And all of these emotions are pouring out of me
I bring 'em to the light for you, it's only right
This is the soundtrack to my life, the soundtrack to my life

[Outro]
To my life, to my life, to my life...
Uh
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah

[Chorus: Kid Cudi & Lady Gaga]
I make her say
Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh
When I...
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face, pa-pa-poke her face
I make her say
Oh, oh-oh-oh, AH-AH-AH-OH-OH
What up? Ah-ah
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face, pa-pa-poke her face
Me first... Ha-ha!

[Bridge: Kid Cudi]
Ugh, ugh-ugh, she wanna have whatever she like
She can if she bring her friend
And we can have one hell of a night
Through the day, ayy

[Verse 1: Kid Cudi]
I mean, you staring like a creeper 'cause you gotta peep her
I mean, you prolly might be saying you ain't jockin' either
But, man, ol' girl got a fat ol' ass
Yeah, the type to make you tell a bitch, "Just dance"
And fuck them other niggas 'cause she down for her bitches (Ayy)
Fuck them other niggas 'cause she down for the sticking (Ayy)
And fuck them other niggas, hope she down for some licking (Ayy)
And fuck them other bitches 'cause she down for the tricking, ugh
I'm hopin' she a rider
When it's said and done, do she spit it up or swallow now?
I ain't gotta trip about them niggas who like her
'Cause me and mami know who can really make her go

[Chorus: Kid Cudi, Lady Gaga, & Kanye West {with A-Trak}]
Oh, oh-oh-oh (Yeah, yeah)
Oh, oh-oh-oh
When I...
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face (Ugh-ugh)
Pa-pa-poke her face
I make her say
Oh, oh-oh-oh (Yeah)
AH-AH-AH-OH-OH
When I...
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face (Ayy)
Pa-pa-poke her face
What she talking 'bout, 'Ye?
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah) Yeah

[Bridge: Kanye West]
She said she want whatever she like
She said she gon' bring her friend
And we gon' have a hell of a night
Through the day

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I made her say—Hold up, (Yeah?) born in '88? (Word?)
How old is that? (Man!) Old enough
I got seniority with the sororities
So, that explain why I love college
Getting brain in the library 'cause I love knowledge
When you use your medulla oblongata
And give me scoliosis until I'm comatos-es
And do while I'm sleep, yeah a little osmosis
And that's my commandment you ain't gotta ask Moses
More champagne, more toasts-es
More damn planes, more coasts-es
And fuck a bus, the Benz is parked like Rosa, -oza

[Chorus: Kid Cudi & Lady Gaga {with A-Trak}]
Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh
When I...
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face, pa-pa-poke her face
I make her say
Oh, oh-oh-oh (Yeah)
AH-AH-AH-OH-OH
When I...
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face, pa-pa-poke her face
I make her say

[Bridge: Common]
She said she want whatever she like
But you gotta bring your friend
And we can have one hell of a night
Through the day

[Verse 3: Common]
She blamed it on the ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-alcohol (Woo!)
She had her hair did; it was bound to fall (Woo!)
Down, down for a—damn, Cudi already said it
Her poker Facebook, I already reddit
But man, her head was gooder than the music
Electro body, known to blow fuses
A stripper from the South, looking for a payday
Said, "Bitch, you should do it for the love like Ray J"
But they say, you be on that conscious tip
Get your head right, and get up on this conscious dick
I embody everything from the godly to the party
It's the way I was raised on the Southside safari, so

[Chorus: Kid Cudi & Lady Gaga {with A-Trak}]
Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh, oh-oh-oh
When I...
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face, pa-pa-poke her face
I make her say
Oh, oh-oh-oh, AH-AH-AH-OH-OH
When I
Pa-pa-pa-poke her face, pa-pa-poke her face

[Outro: Lady Gaga]
Can't read my, can't read my
No, he can't read my poker face
She's got me like nobody
Can't read my, can't read my
No, he can't read my poker face
She's got me like nobody
Can't read my, can't read my (Woo!)
No, he can't read my poker face (Woo!)
She's got me like nobody
Can't read my, can't read my
No, he can't read my poker face
She's got me like nobody

[Intro - Gucci Mane]
Oh!
Oh!
Gucci
Bangladesh!
Gucci
Brr, brr, brr

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I'm the fire, you say you more fire then nigga, you a liar
Homie you and I, know the truth but that's 'tween you and I
Stupid jewelry on me then, stupid jewelry on me now
If you think you finna shit on Gucci then just show me how
Someone dissed me yesterday, what I'm s'posed to do, go cry?
With my money chasin' million dollar mission on the side
Church's chicken in my Lambo, bought two drumsticks and a thigh (Nyooom)
I'm so hood right now they question whats gettin' Gucci high
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Girls fightin', hoes fistfight just to touch my tie
Get my squad squad, I ain't been this hard in a while
Blow cha-cha, I ain't been this hard in a while

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Every single night I'm ballin'
Sippin' on that drank, rims crawlin'
Mostly every night I'm count, count
Niggas wanna fight but I'm shoot, shoot
Niggas wanna fight but I'm shoot, shoot (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Lil' Wayne]
Wilder than a jaguar, wildin' in a Jaguar
Pl-Please don't play with me, I'll put that pistol on your grandpa
I swear I'm so wild I think I just may need a xan bar
And if she on my team I bet that bitch know who she playin' for
Mr. Coach Carter or Mr. Go-Harder
And I like my kush dry like a fish with no water
Swagger stupid perfect, I might as well surf it
And if she ain't fuckin' she get the voicemail service
Tell it like it be, bitch I do it for the bloods
And every fuckin' time I say soo woo it's for the Bloods
What you dislike I love, man I do just like I does
And if you wanna fight then come on you can fight my guns
Weezy man, Young Money

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Every single night I'm ballin'
Sippin' on that drank, rims crawlin'
Mostly every night I'm count, count
Niggas wanna fight but I'm shoot, shoot
Niggas wanna fight but I'm shoot, shoot

[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
Let's do the furs, his and hers
Started gettin' on my nerves so I hit her with a "BURR!"
Hustlers love me, all the haters hate me
They brothers wanna fight me, they sisters wanna date me
I tell her bust it baby, you could be my bust it baby
But stay in your place, I need my space: don't suffocate me (please)
Back black approach us, clack clack take gats out the holsters
Cops in black the patrol us, treat us like rats and roaches
But the blue Benz, Got the blue lamps
And your wifey, well we use her for her food stamps
Ain't no big deal, but she keep the fridge filled
Eggs scrambled, cheese grilled, cold juice the grits kill!
Don't forget veal, Italiano, Gallardo
Yea the big wheels, like milk your wig spilled
We'll rush in ya spot, knock knock, snub of the Glock
It Gucci turn, Huh?, You gon' suck it or not

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Stupid wild, super stupid wild, homie that's my style
Every single night I'm ballin'
Sippin' on that drank, rims crawlin'
Mostly every night I'm count, count
Niggas wanna fight but I'm shoot, shoot
Niggas wanna fight but I'm shoot, shoot

[Outro: Gucci Mane]
Bitches wanna fuck me mainly
Cause I got the kitchen all famous
I'm tryna hold my head above water
Stack a billion cash I just oughta
My shades cost that cause I'm Gucci
My warddrobe Gucci'd out like I'm boostin'
I shine just all the time your homie shine
Wanna hate me get a ticket and join the line, fine
It's Gucci!

[Intro: Usher, Polow da Don & Gucci Mane]
It feels so good to be back!
Polow, Usher, baby (yeah, Zone 4)
Oh, whoa (Uh, uh), oh, yeah
How you doing, Gucci? (yeah!) (Zone 6)

[Hook: Usher]
Cause the spolight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper, whoa
Let's get it poppin', whoa
Cause the spolight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper, whoa
Let's get it poppin', whoa, yeah
(Ay, ay, Gucci!)

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Rose by 50
Uh Now she tipsy
Slow dancing in my mansion with no panties
Want to get me
Three girls Gucci trippin (Gucci)
That's a lot of women
Expensive denim jeans on
Designer heels, you feel me? (Hey, hey, get money!)
I don't want no violence
But damn she trying to kill me
She trying to make me feel her
I'm trying to make her feel me
She just had a long day
Know I got that long cake
I give her that long scream
I fuck with her the long way

[Hook: Usher]
Cause the spotlight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper, whoa
Let's get it poppin', whoa
Cause the spotlight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper, whoa
Let's get it poppin', whoa, yeah

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Bang bang OKA
Where you want to go today
No she's not a prostitute
But if she was I'd have to pay
Say, lay, you can stay
I sex you up couple days
Tell your girl no need to front
She want participate (Yeah)
Gucci on Eliminate
Four girls with Gucci
Simply I glaze they ass
Just like some churches biscuits
Beat her like she stole my Bentley
Swagger-jackers pay attention
Cali girl, ATL, Detroit, New York girls be with me

[Hook: Usher]
Ooh, Spotlight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper, whoa
Let's get it poppin', whoa
Cause the spotlight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper, whoa
Let's get it poppin', whoa

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane]
I had a girl left alone
Gucci Mane's a bachelor
Sex tape just like Pamela
Cause Gucci not an amateur
Mini skirt, sun dress, booty shorts, Monster
Her ass phat as two basketballs
Gucci finna dunk her
Pretty like Mariah
Finer than Alicia
Sexy just like Trina, dawg
I bet she a keeper!
Turn me on like Keri
No she is not scared of her
Probably sex her every UH
Cause lil mama is fine as fuck!

[Hook: Usher]
Cause the spotlight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper
Let's get it poppin'
Cause the spotlight ain't nothing without you girl
And the dance floor ain't nothing without you girl
You a show stopper, whoa
Let's get it poppin', whoa, yeah

[Intro]
Diamonds are forever (yeah)
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might desert me
Uh, F&F, yeah
You know what I'm saying
I figure, I feel like I should just
You know, show people other side that weren't aware
You know what I'm saying
They are presently unaware
They don't know about it
You know what I'm saying
You know just show 'em there's an other side to this thing right here
We call it bling

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
Yeah
Allow me to break down the game
Behind the bracelets, earrings, chains, watches and rings
The bling
The crystal encrusted, princess flooded
Canary studded, blue coloured and blood stained
Yeah, the older brother of the drug game
The giver of fame, the take awayer of lame
The empowerer of the kings that came with claims and disease
To leave where the native peoples were staying
Believe, my engagement ring received
And flossed at the cost of a bonded child miner's pain
Long ago kings used to wear 'em in their armor when they fought other armies
Because it used to scare 'em
If you wasn't rich, couldn't wear 'em
Witches used to marry 'em
They'll shoot you before they share 'em
The gift and the curse, the venom and the serum
Most hated lady's best friend, get murked for a clear one

[Bridge]
Diamonds are forever (yeah)
You know what I'm saying
(Diamonds are forever)
Now I ain't comin' down on nobody
You know what I'm saying
I ain't trying to judge nobody and nothin' like that (Forever)
You know what I'm saying
I floss too, I might go get me a pinky ring tomorrow
You know what I'm saying
But, I just want you to see man
You know what I'm saying
Just see man

[Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco]
Uh, Cecil Rhodes sowed war and genocide
Into the countryside just to get his shine on
I fear what De Beers and his peers used to do
Before the world really knew, just to get their mine on
Making paper with slave labor
And hitting little kids with life time bids making them cut and shine stones
Inflating the price and making them look nice
And I wasn't thinking twice when I was putting mine on
About a young shorty in Sierra Leone
Or other conflict countries that people call home
I figured I would never go to Angola
So it never did affect me there, maybe indirectly
That my neck leash was funding a rebellion or a military coup
Started by militias that don't believe in following none of Geneva's rules
I was brushing off the haters, trying to be cool
Didn't have a clue that the rapper was helping the rapers
Raiders of the villagers, pillagers of the schools
Shooters of the innocents, torturers of the witnesses
Burners of the businesses and my bracelet was the fuel
Uh, I ain't pushing an agenda, homie
I'm just pushing the facts, fuck Bush
'Cause there's people doing worse on this earth and they're black
I took it there, yeah, now let me bring it back
We all know on foreign shores that they finance wars
But ask yourself, "Do they finance yours?"
When I first got mine I took them out on tour
Didn't know they lost half the value when I took 'em out the store
Or it was full of moissanites and cubits
But the jeweler knew I was stupid
And that I couldn't prove it
Feeling like I need it because I do music
To impress the groupies and the interviewers
So I didn't appraise it, nor did I loupe it
Even gave them to my girl, thinking I was Cupid
Homies was all hate, hoping they could make me lose it
Creeping through my own hood, knew I had to remove it
I see the Russian Mafia, the Jewish Mobsters
The undercover terrorists and the traps for the hustlers
Homie, it's a wrap for the nonsense rhyming
Props to Kanye, I call it "Conflict Diamonds"

[Outro]
Diamonds are forever (yeah)
You know what I'm saying
I felt like I should just let you all know that
You know what I'm saying
Make you all aware, so many people
Do things to glorify 'em
I felt like it was time for somebody to do somethin'
That would horrify 'em
You know what I'm saying
Bet you never thought that
That 20 karat ring or 20 karat chain or bracelet that you got on
Is fundin' some little war somewhere
Got some little kid murderin' a whole family somewhere
You know what I'm saying
But hey! Just think, now you know
You know what I'm saying
You gotta know to be a hypocrite, baby (haha!)
Hollaback, F&F up! (Forever)
Chi-town, Lupe!

[Intro: Mr Porter]
Slammer Jammer
Yeah, turn it up
Alchemist
Uh, uh, uh
Aight
Yeah, it's on to me first?
I'll do the first verse
Ladies and gentlemen, I wanna rap in on the turntables
Aight, look

[Verse 1: Mr. Porter]
Welcome to the ill world of Mr. P-O
Ay, keep the talk, B, I'm tryna see dough
If it ain't about bread, what we gon' speak fo'?
If it ain't no lead, then it ain't no beef, bro (Woo!)
You better get a leash 'cause yo' freak ho
Specialize in wood like she Home Depot
I'm like Chico DeBarge, we stars
Roscoe P. Coltrane in these bars
Man, Amtrak, I'll break her damn back
Man, it's Ralph Lauren, this ain't no damn Chaps (Haha)
It's all Polo, I'm so pro, though
You bird-crazy; El Pollo Loco
Talkin' about cheese and this ain't no photo
Askin' about rings like the ho know Frodo
You better get out of my house and- pfft
I think I threw up in my mouth a bit
I'm sick

[Verse 2: Royce da 5'9"]
Niggas be lyin', talkin' about they bust a heater
Once I see him, maybe more like Justin Bieber
Leavin' my rivals underground, like Skyzoo's, how I do
I'll have him layin' in the street, and
Bleedin', butt-naked wit' a
Bullet in his motherfuckin' head like Erykah Badu
I find irony in bein' in a place
Where I'm wearin' Gucci, mane, gettin' whiteboy wasted
I tell a nigga: break bread or take lead
I'm tryna get rid of this weight, like K-Fed
Me and Denaun got a gangsta bond
We like that once-in-a-lifetime thing to you, that ain't the prom
The next emcee that rhyme official, with ref, with a whistle
That ain't Young Money, I'ma definitely diss you
If you rhymin' "packin' a MAC" with "back of the Acura"
Perhaps you can't match my spectacular vernacular
You still rhymin' 'bottles' with 'models', 'college' with 'knowledge'
Usin' the word 'swagger', you're probably garbage
You thugs funny, comparin' 5'9" to anybody
You comparin' Superman to Bugs Bunny

[Interlude: Eminem]
Yeah
Yo, yo
*clears throat*
Aight

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I'm like a white Michael – Vick, psycho enough to stick
Michael J. Fox in a microwave with a Rott
I might make a little Alizé with a side of NyQuil
And ride a motorcycle bike right through the side of my high school (Woo!)
Satan's disciple wit' a sniper rifle and a knife
And a white diaper, liable to shit on you while I snipe you
So dope, he gets off opiates, what an appropriate
Way to start off his day!, he may just smart off to Dre (Woo!)
He may be hard to contain, 'cause his rage is so hard to gauge
See, Hannibal ate his face, and met Jason, gnawed off his leg
Amazin' hard-on for razors and blades and anything sharp
Even poisonous darts, it all plays a major part of his game
Holy water won't ward him off, crucifixes won't do the trick
He's so sick, it's ridiculous, sawed the crazy part off his brain and he's still insane
Why's there bloodstains on his carpet, mane?
There's some crazy shit goin' on in Shady's apartment again, ooh!

[Interlude: Mr. Porter]
Okay, I guess it's back to me
Aight, look (C'mon)

[Verse 4: Mr. Porter]
Okay, it's back to the blocks, slingin' yay like the old days
Superman on the beat, I carry my whole state
You wooden legs to a house: you can't hold weight
Oh shit, it's O'Shea Jackson… okay
A little bit of this twisted out with Obama in it
Mr. Porter back with anthrax, like Osama sent him
Bitch, I'm all that, I drive the girls crazy
They gotta look at Rorschachs to get they thoughts back
I ain't a small fry, small ticker, small tack
I make 'em all cry with big dick and raw sack
The potbrood of science to return a raw rap
I'm the best, mane; Eli Porter stance

[Interlude: Royce da 5'9"]
(Alchemist) Alchemist
Yeah, yeah-yeah

[Verse 5: Royce da 5'9"]
Y'all bitches should call Nickle the Don Bishop
A poet, a mixture of Don Goines and John Grisham
Flow'll have you rewindin' it four or five times
That landmine rhyme written with porcupine line
Step up in here with the Slaughterhouse
C.O.B. Gang will approach you
And bend your gun barrel to a horseshoe
Only fuck with monsters, we the truth
Monsters will pop up on you
Like you said "Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice."
I can't even see the booth, I could fit in Stevie's shoe
I'm sick, I got the Desert Eagle flu
I'm rich, lil' nigga, we don't need a cent, we Teflon
The doctor tried to take blood, the needle bent; ask Mom
Outta my mind if you can imagine
Usin' Magic's johnson without a condom, I'm bonkers
Got the streets goin', dude, it's tremendous
If I come for your blood, I ain't gon' be usin' syringes

[Interlude: Eminem]
Uh (Ouch)
Yo, yeah'
Yeah, can you turn it up a little bit?

[Verse 6: Eminem]
Newsflash, I'm still trash
Them pills shoulda killed my ass (Alchemist)
But they didn't; they just made me stronger
It's like they rebuilt my ass
Like the Six Million Dollar Man after the crash
It's Aftermath, bitch! And my milk glass is still half-empty
Yeah, tempt me, Hell isn't enough
They need to invent somewhere new to send me
As sick as I'm getting
They'll stick me in a conventional oven
With a rotisserie setting and won't even notice me sweating
Shit, I done made a verse, said some foul shit
Tryna go back fix it, fucked around, and just made it worse
Yeah, I'm back, looking no worse for wear
Got these haters mad enough to rip off their hair
And start punchin' the air
Panties so in a bunch that they can't function
It's Shady and Royce, fuck yeah! What a dysfunctional pair!
So stop actin' like a punk, get a pair!
Take a pill and fall the fuck out, spill your lunch in the chair!

[Interlude: Mr. Porter]
Aight, round three
Aight, is it, is it
Okay, aight
Uh-uh, uh-uh
Uh-uh, uh-uh

[Verse 7: Mr. Porter]
Look, I'm sick, somebody better get the Dimetapp
Who I gotta shoot just to prove that I can rap?
People ask where my shine is at
I say check the liner notes, I done-done all kinda crap
I am so much of a star, bitch
That I can fart and piss on the red carpet
Look, my bank account's retarded
My debit card's got a helmet and a harness
Hey, meet demands, but they all are harmless
At shows my riders always the largest
I need four pounds of fried poultry carcass
And red M&Ms chartered from Charlotte
Look, and if you try to act dumb and start shit
I just yell at 'em, like, "I'm the artist!"
Infected — you know the deal
If you wanna play sick, we can all get ill
Look, measles, mumps
I made you bitches, I don't need you chumps
Y'all got cheese and I need my chunks
Hurry up, so I can go to burn rubber
And get some more dunks

[Interlude: Royce da 5'9"]
Mic check one-two, one-two
Okay-okay-okay, yeah-yeah
Mic check one-two
Slaughterhouse, Alchemist
Check it, check it

[Verse 8: Royce da 5'9"]
Now, if your attitude determines your latitude
This house that we call hip-hop, I'm in the attic, fool
A mic and two turntables, fit for the unstable
Converted to a padded room
Keep a street sweeper; in fact, I call the mag a broom
You seein' beef, seein' things
You must've had yourself a bag of shrooms
I make a call, make 'em fake a fall
My clique is too sick, say goodbye
In the streets where the stakes is high, like Ruth's Chris
I'm from the city of true shit
Where the mayor went to jail
For bein' a player right after Proof split
Levels the head of competitors, Royce that
I'm drinkin' everyday 'til Hex Murda get his regular voice back
Ras, I got ya, look scared at ya, blast from ya
From a block away; ask Tricky, I'm that niggie
I'm more hooder than black Dickies
I rap like committin' suicide in the booth, takin' the track with me
Patrón's in my chromosomes
In order to leave it alone, you have to ween me off
That Lorena Bobbitt chopper will knock a weenie off
Put your body between chalk
I'm squeezin' the 9 iron, like I'm swingin' golf
I'm with the best rapper alive, put somethin' on it
Your sound's plain as a cheeseburger with nothin' on it

[Interlude: Eminem]
Uh, yo

[Verse 9: Eminem]
I'll do a hundred-yard dash just to slash Kim Kardash'
In the ass with a shard of glass from Nick Hogan's car crash
You may look like the passenger for that, don't be a smartass
Yeah, laugh while you sit there thinkin' that the hard part passed
You ain't seen pain 'til Leatherface flips mane
I'll cut your fuckin' balls off, homie, my saw's off the chain
I chopped the bitch in half with it, sawed off her legs
And the top half of the torso fuckin' crawled off insane
I ain't seen shit like that since I went to Mike Jack's
Took the Elephant Man's skull, fucked it, and put it right back
Handed my dick to Bubbles while he sucked it and licked my nut sack
Gave him a reach-around while I fucked him right in his butt crack
Nah, I ain't takin' it back, faggot, fuck that!
I give a fuck about nothin', so here's where you fucked up at
Don't go touchin' that can, man you don't wanna open up that
Wait a min, ah, shit… Alchemist, cut that!

[Outro: Tim Westwood]
Damn, that was real hip-hop, kid streetcorner 

[?] in the neck hip-hop
Thanks a lot, guys
(No doubt)

[Part I: Quitter]

[Intro 1: Eminem]
Yo (Na-na-na, na-na-na, na-na)
I dedicate this to you (Hahaha, yo)
To all my fans, keeping y'all in health
Let's tell this Whitey Ford to go fuck himself
'Cause it's cruel when you cause a bad heart condition and
Which I create, 'cause that's my mission
So listen close, to what we say
Because this type of fag claims to never be gay

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I knew you was jealous from the day that I met you
I upset you, 'cause I get respect, I bet you (What?)
I'm even liked better by your niece and nephew (C'mon)
And now you hate Fred because Lethal left you (Aw)
Peckerwood mad 'cause his record went wood
No respect in the hood, fled to his neck of the woods
Got in touch with his roots, found the redneck in his blood
And said, "Heck, country-western rap records are good"
So he picks the guitar up and he strums a few notes
He can't rap, or sing, but he wants to do both (Haha)
Puts an album out and rules for part of the year
Then Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit come from out of nowhere
It's the start of an era, rock rap's harder this year
No one's tryin' to hear some fucking old fart in a chair
Sittin' on stage, strummin' acoustic guitar in your ear
So you start to get scared, sit back and spark an idea
Figure you can diss me to jump start your career?
I punch you in your fucking chest 'til your heart kicks in gear (Bitch)
And fuck your underground buddies' nameless crew
Like I'mma say they names so they can be famous too

[Hook 1: Eminem]
You just a quitter and you bitter 'cause I came along
And the days of House of Pain are gone
And if you talk about my little girl in a song again
I'mma kill you, I'mma kill you
You just a quitter and you bitter 'cause I came along
And the days of House of Pain are gone
And if you talk about my little girl in a song again
I'mma kill you, I swear to God, I'mma kill you

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Heart attack to stroke from the crack you smoke
To the rap you wrote, your fuckin' answer back's a joke (Please)
And I'mma tell these motherfuckin' fans the truth
The reason why you dissed me first and I answered you
You said I passed you in a lobby and I glanced at you
Like I ain't notice you? Bitch, I had a show to do
Like I'm supposed to be star-struck, come over to you
You better shut your fuckin' mouth while you O-for-two
Back in '94, Limp opened the show for you
Rocked the crowd better and stole the whole show from you
Took your motherfuckin' DJ and stole him too
So you fall in a slump and get all emotional
So now you sing and mix slang with blues and pluck strings
Confused as fuck 'cause now your music sucks dick
Mr.-Mr. Ass Kisser to get accepted in rap quicker
But never last, and Everlast is a

[Hook 1: Eminem]
Quitter and you bitter 'cause I came along
And the days of House of Pain are gone
And if you talk about my little girl in a song again
I'mma kill you, I'mma kill you
You just a quitter and you bitter 'cause I came along
And the days of House of Pain are gone
And if you talk about my little girl in a song again
I'mma kill you, I swear to God, I'mma kill you

[Verse 3: Eminem]
A'ight, look (Listen)
So this is what we ask of our fans
If you ever see Everlast, whoop his ass
Hit him with sticks, bricks, rocks, throw shit at him
Kick him, spit on him, treat him like a hoe, bitch-slap him
Do it for me, do it for Fred, do it for Limp
Do it for Rock, do it for rap, do it for Kid
Do it for Ice-T, do it just to do it, fuck it
He's a bitch, he ain't gon' hit you back, he's nothin'
Shit, in five years we'll all be eatin' at Whitey's
And he'll be bussin' tables in that bitch, cleanin' the toilets

[Interlude 1: Eminem]
Ayo, fuck this, cut this shit off
Ayo Head (Hold up a minute)
That's why I fucked your mother, you fat motherfucker

[Part II: Hit 'Em Up (Remix)]

[Intro 2: Eminem]
Kill Whitey (Hahaha!)
Kill Whitey, Detroit (What? What?)
Kill Whitey, yo, yo
Kill Whitey, haha, look

[Verse 4: Eminem]
First off, fuck your songs and the shit you say
Diss my wife, but at least I got a bitch, you gay
You claim to be a Muslim, but you Irish White
So fuck you, fat boy, drop the mic, let's fight
Plus, I punch you in the chest, weak hearts I rip
Whitey Ford, 40 and white, lethargic ass dickhead
I keep 'em comin' while you runnin' out of breath
Steady duckin' while I'm punchin' at your chest, you need to rest
Dilated, go ask your people how I leave ya
With your three CDs nobody sees, when they released
Evidence, don't fuck around with real MCs
You ain't ready for no underground beef, so fuck geeks
I let you faggots know it's on for life
But Everlast might die tonight, haha!
Fat boy murdered on wax and killed
Fuck with me and take a heart pill, you know

[Hook 2: Eminem]
Grab .380s when you see Slim Shady
Call the doctor to heal your heart
They shocked you back to life at the clinic
But you 'bout to get relapsed any minute, honkey, I hit 'em up

[Interlude 2: Eminem]
Hahaha
Yo', check this out
You faggots ain't even on my level
I'mma let D12 ride on you bitch-made ass faggots

[Verse 5: Kon Artis]
Yo
Get out the way, yo, get out the way, yo
Whitey Ford's heart just stopped
Eminem shocked him back, he had another heart attack
Whitey Ford's gettin his ass floored for talkin' back
Little faggot Hamburgular, I show you where the burgers are
At your own restaurant, while I'm servin' ya
Drop and stomp your whole heart 'til it stops
Call the cops, I'mma beat your ass while they watch

[Verse 6: Kuniva]
Haha
Now we got the whole industry makin' fun of you, Erik
Where's your House of Pain now? It's only one of you, Erik
You a petty coward, you ain't ready to steady go a round
With some killers from 7 Mile to the motherfuckin' Belle Isle Bridge

[Hook 2: Eminem]
Grab .380s when you see Slim Shady
Call the doctor to heal your heart
They shocked you back to life at the clinic
But you 'bout to get relapsed any minute, honkey, I hit 'em up

[Verse 7: Eminem]
Got in his ass and now this faggot wanna mention me still?
This ain't no freestyle battle, Everlast gettin' killed
With his chest open
Tryna throw a fuckin' punch, but you just chokin'
Having a stroke and now you learn why crackers never earned a dime
'Cause you suck, motherfucker, you should learn to rhyme
Talkin' about you packin' pistols, but it's funny to me
You ain't never been in trouble, you just wanna be me
I'm a paleface killer whale
On his way to fuckin' prison, pistol whippin' tail
Ha, Erik, remember when I passed you in the lobby that day?
That shit was obvious, you pro'bly was gay
Ha, now it's all about country, you gave up hip-hop
Forty-nine-thousand copies the week your shit drop
While my sales making records break
Two and a half million scanned by the second week
Motherfucker, I hit 'em up, haha

[Verse 8: Proof & Eminem, Both]
I'm from Detroit's Pemberton Ave. where bullets tear you in half (Haha)
Fuck the music, we got a Uzi for all you fags
Get the shit out of our stereo, Dilated, you violated
Now you 'bout to get annihilated, we gon' bury you
Iriscience get choked up and yoked up
All you underground bitches, get your throats cut

[Verse 9: Swifty]
What the fuck, is you stupid?
I choke Whitey Ford with his fucking guitar cord
And stuff him in cardboard, chopped up in a box
With sixteen parts, I stomped on his heart
D-12, Amityville, fuck your mother while you watch
Keep your restaurant locked and block your door
'Cause we hit 'em up like motherfuckin 2Pac Shakur

[Verse 10: Eminem]
You a Black Jesus, heart attack, seizures
Too many cheeseburgers, McDonald's Big Mac greases
White devil, washed-up honkey
Mixed up cracker who crossed over to country

[Outro: Eminem]
Yo, ayo cut this shit off (Hahaha)
Sheeeit! Fuck him!
That's it, I'm done, I promise, I'm done
That's it, I'm sorry (No more)
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I promise
I just believe in kicking a man while he's down
Goddamn! I quit!
Mention my daughter's name in a song again, you fucking punk Ayo!

[Verse 1: T.I.]
I'm on my grind, Grand Hustle
Got the mind and the muscle
50 carats in the crown just to shine on you suckas
I still tote the Glock 40 for the haters and the bustas
Fuck probation, if a nigga try to play me I'mma bust him
Ion't need no security, reaching for my jewelry
Get you niggas popped quick, filled full of hot shit
Fresh out the box Tip hopped in a drop 6
Made a quarter mil' in the pen givin' stock tips
Haters wanna stop Tip, mad 'cus they not Tip
Ball every summer so your baby mama jock Tip
You don't no drama pimp, I promise I do not slip
Chrome 4-5th, hid well if the cops trip
Bought my girl a Hummer with the chrome right in front of dat
5 carat stones with the platinum all up under dat
Rap beef I ain't gonna participate in none of dat
I'm aimin' at your fitted cap and you ain't gonna want none of dat

[Hook]
(Asap asap asap...)
A nigga try to play me, I'mma blow him off the map A-S-A-P
Ask anbody who runnin' a G, bet they finna say me A-S-A-P
Niggas hatin' on P.S.C. get straightened A-S-A-P
A nigga try to play me, I'mma blow him off the map A-S-A-P

[Verse 2: T.I.]
I know a lot of rappers don't like me, but they won't fight me
Feds swear I sell dope, well why they won't indict me?
Advances on the throne, I ain't never take it lightly
But all that tongue-wrestlin' hatin' while I'm gone don't excite me
How many rappers you know that could hold they own on Rice Street
East steady talkin' on the cell phone nightly
Normal population, half the jail just like me
Polices think I'm crazy, scared a nigga gon' strike me
Contrarily, a nigga tryin' me is unlikely
They barkin' don't bother me, I'll be bombin' 'fore they bite me
They just shocked to see my rap's exactly how my life be
Sheisty, with a conversation quite pricey
My fist so rocky and and wrist so icey
Might be, thrown off my rocker just slightly
Feisty, flamin' hot temper don't ignite me
I'm only gonna ask ya find the exit once politely

[Hook]

[Verse 3: T.I.]
Flip, say who known to the land and the people
My plan is to keep you at least 2, levels under me where I need you
I'mma take advantage of my chance to defeat you
Your true colors done shown, now it's on when I see you
I'm grown nigga, so let it be know we ain't equal
You sadly mistaken if you thinkin' I can't reach you
Beat you, to a fuckin' pulp if I need to
The very spot ya standin' in then is where I'll leave you
Seen on the scene white tees and Evisu
O.G. status, I don't beef unless I need to
Sissy you way outta line and you runnin' outta time
Hang behind closed do's when ya heard I got some time
Yeah I know you were thinkin' outa sight and outa mind
But I'm the wrong one for you to try if you were tryna shine
Listen nigga this shit here is more than just a lotta rhymes
I don't know what ya do for your respect, but I'mma die for mine

[Hook]

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Birdman]
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
What I'm doing? (Getting money)
What we doing? (Getting money)
What they doing? (Hating on us) But they never cross
(Cash Money still the company and) Bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy
I'm the Young Stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah! Bitch, I'm paid, that's all I gotta say
Can't see you little niggas—the money in the way, and I'm
I'm sitting high, a gangsta ride blades
And if you ain't gonna ride fly, then you might as well hate, shit
I gotta eat, yeah, even though I ate
No, it ain't my birthday, but I got my name on that cake, shit
Believe that, and if your mans wan' play
Then I'ma fuck around and put that boy's brains on the gate
Ayy, pick em up! Fuck em, let em lay
Where I'm from, we see a fuckin' dead body every day
That's—Uptown! Throw a stack at em
Make a song about me, I'm throwing shots back at 'em (Bop-bop)
Your bitch on my pipe,  she like a crack addict
And, she saw me cooking eggs, she thought I was back at it, yeah
I grab the keys, "Ho I gotta go"
Got my motorcycle jacket and my motorcycle locs

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Birdman]
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
What I'm doing? (Getting money)
What we doing? (Getting money)
What they doing? (Hating on us) But they never cross
(Cash Money still the company and) Bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy
I'm the Young Stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy

[Verse 2: Birdman]
Shawty! (Ugh) 98s, 45 paper plates
Tint the whole thang, big money heavyweight
A hundred stacks, spend 50 on a Caddy
25 on the pinky
Bought a pound of blow and bounced back (Bounced back)
Matching grills, big houses on the hills
Got them hoes in the kitchen
All cooking, paying bills (Paying bills)
I start to holler, dollar after dollar (Yeah)
Flipping chickens, getting tickets
Want the money and the power (Money and the power)
Born stuntin', Uptown hunter (Yeah)
Third Ward G, nigga, been about money (Been about money)
Ice chunky, Birdman, red monkeys
White Ts on the chromed-out eleven-hundreds
You know we shine every summer (Shine)
We grind every summer
And this is how we spend money (How we spend money)
You see them Bentleys and them Lams?
Them ounces and them grams? Bitch, we was born hustlas

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Birdman]
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
What I'm doing? (Getting money)
What we doing? (Getting money)
What they doing? (Hating on us) But they never cross
(Cash Money still the company and) Bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy
I'm the Young Stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Yeah! When I was 16, I bought my first Mercedes-Benz
I must've fucked a thousand bitches and they girlfriends
White leather, hot new pair of rims
Brand new pistol with a trigger like a hairpin
Big work, we don't need a scale, man
Big papers: say "Good morning" to the mailman
What you know about putting bricks in the spare, man?
I can stuff the coupe like a motherfucking caravan
I'm in my zone, my form is so rare, man
If there's a throne, you looking at the chairman
How you want it? Show me my opponent

[*Munching noises*] Show me my opponent
I'm still ballin', a bullet gotta get me
And I never been a pussy 'cause my hood'll never let me, yeah!
A made nigga, got made niggas with me
I'm a motorcycle boy, so I'm about to park the Bentley

[Hook: Lil Wayne & Birdman]
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
What I'm doing? (Getting money)
What we doing? (Getting money)
What they doing? (Hating on us) But they never cross
(Cash Money still the company and) Bitch I'm the boss
And I be stuntin' like my daddy, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy
I'm the Young Stunna, stuntin' like my daddy
Stuntin' like my daddy, I be stuntin' like my daddy

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven—
Pyong!—Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hun—
Cash Money still the company, and bitch, I'm the boss
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hundred
Pyong!—Pyong! on the Yamaha, chromed-out eleven-hun—
Cash Money still the company, and bitch, I'm the boss

[Hook]
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still pullin' out the phantom and these haters can't stand em
Nigga I'm still doin my thing
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still shuttin' cities down every time I come around
Nigga I'm still doin' my thing
I'm still…

[Verse 1]
Clean in this bitch I'm feelin' myself goddamn a nigga rich
And every time I touch it guaranteed to be hit
And when them checks come guaranteed to be a split
I'm flyer then an invitation
Like I'm the information
Toronto's been waiting and I'm glad ya'll been waiting patient
But I'm here now these niggas is old news
I mix cocaine powder with the pro tools
(Whip it) Yeah crack that's just how I double back
Europeako jeans bleeding on them white air max
And these niggas keep asking me when you gon' drop
Why the fuck you keep harassing me when's that gon' stop
I guess its when my albums selling in the stores
And they sayin' damn I use to know the boy
Now I barely see em
And the little kids wanna be him
He a star now look up you'll probably see him
Hook
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still pullin' out the phantom and these haters can't stand em
Nigga I'm Still doin my thing
I'm still fly I'm sky high and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings
I'm still shuttin' cities down every time I come around
Nigga I'm still doin' my thing
I'm still…

[Verse 2: Page]
Fly as I wanna be kush in the air I get high as I wanna be
S550 navigatin' where I gonna be
P.A.G. mother fucker don't forget the E
Rep T dot till they bury me
Automare the wrist red diamonds in the necklace
Been getting' checks while you rappers stay checkless
Real street nigga feel free to do a checklist
They don't really make em like me
Had to give you a second to breathe
Nigga ballin' still a hobby and I do that with ease
I'm bout to catch pneumonia because my neck stay freeze
I'm in the west indies
A 100 grand on a cheap white tee
I'm the man in my city they demand at me
Nigga I rep for my city like a football team
I'm fly like the New York Jets be
In a G5 two nines on me like Wayne Gretzky

[Intro]
Yeah
Listen to this track, bitch!
Brrr!
Yeah, ah-yeah boy
Yeah, ah-yeah boy
Listen to this track, bitch!
Ah-yeah boy

[Chorus]
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money

[Verse 1]
Hundreds, small-face, big-face, hundreds
Not a ball player but got baseball money
Grand slam, home run, Gucci Mane coming
Drumma Boy on the track, too much money
Never too much, never too much money
G4, Gucci Mane traveling cross-country
Never too much, never too much ice
You'll never see another watch like this in your life
And it's never too much, never too many whips
With the Britney Spears guts and the Fantasia lips
Offset Asanti's with the Fantasia lips
Dually truck, shawty, with Alicia Keys hips

[Chorus]
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money

[Verse 2]
Hah! I make it rain on Rihanna
Rain so much she had to get an umbrella
Need a Beyonce to drank what I drank
If you freaky like Lil Kim, then you think like I think
Hah! Do you see what I see?
Tell BET Rocsi need to get mean
Swagger through the club looking just like money
My little boy one, but his shoes 400
With tax, better yet, 450
Gucci all red, so he's shittin' on the infants
He shittin' on the infants, Gucci all red, man, these shoes 450

[Chorus]
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money
Gucci!

[Verse 3]
I'm ballin' like the Mavericks with all this money
40,000 - all hundreds - made it last Saturday
Made it rain on a Hawks player last Monday
Dropped 40 points, sold him like it wasn't nothing
Indiana Pacers, Marquis Daniels
Did a feature with me, gave me 40,000 cash man
Man..man, I feel like Strahan
Just won the Super Bowl, trap going mayhem
Never too much, Gucci gonna show up
Drumma Boy and Gucci Mane, shawty fit'na blow up
I mean shawty fit'na to blow me down
40 goons with me. Why they here? Just to hold me down

[Chorus]
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money
I can't stop, I won't stop, I keep getting money
Never too much, never too much money
I woke up ballin', and I went to sleep stuntin'
Never too much, never too much money

[Outro]
Listen to this track, bitch!
Huh, ah-yeah, boy, ah-yeah
Ah-yeah, boy, ah-yeah
Ah-yeah

[Produced by Mr. Walt of Da Beatminerz]

[Verse 1]
Hi! Original Bad Boy on the case, cover your face
Came in the place, blowed, and sprayed Puffy with mace
I laced the weed with insect repellent, better check to smell it
Eminem starts with E, better check the spellin'
With a capital, somebody grab me a Snapple
I got an aspirin capsule trapped in my Adam's apple
Somebody dropped me on my head, and I'm for sure
That my mother did it, but the bitch won't admit it was her
I slit her stomach open with a scalpel when she was six months
And said "I'm ready now, bitch! Ain't you feelin' these kicks, cunt?"
The world ain't ready for me yet, I can tell
I'll probably have a cell next to the furnace in Hell
I'm sicker than sperm cells with syphilis germs
And I'm hotter than my dick is when I piss and it burns (Pssss! Ow!)
I kick you in the tummy until you sick to your stomach
And vomit so much blood that your clothes stick to you from it
Hit you in the head with a brick 'til you plummet
If y'all don't like me, you can suck my dick 'til you numb it
And all that gibberish you was spittin', you need to kill it
‘Cause your style is like dying in my sleep; I don't feel it

[Hook]
‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? Huh?
Is fuckin' crazy – hello, hi!
‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me? Is fuckin' crazy

[Verse 2]
I'm ice-grillin' you, starin' you down with a gremlin grin
I'm Eminem, you're a fag in a women's gym
I'm Slim, the "Shady" is really a fake alias
To save me with in case I get chased by space aliens
A brainiac, with a cranium packed
Full of more uranium than a maniac Saudi Arabian
A highly combustible head
Spasmatic, strapped to a Craftmatic adjustable bed
Laid up in the hospital in critical condition
I flatlined, jumped up, and ran from the mortician
High speed, IV full of Thai weed
Lookin' Chinese with my knees stuck together like Siamese
Twins, joined at the groin like lesbians (Uh)
Pins and needles, hypodermic needles and pens
I hope God forgives me for my sins
It probably all depends on if I keep on killin' my girlfriends

[Hook]
‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin' crazy – listen
‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me? Is fuckin' crazy

[Verse 3]
Last night, I O.D.'d on rush, mushrooms and dust
And got rushed to the hospital to get my system flushed
(Shucks!) I'm an alcoholic, and that's all I can say
I call in at work, ‘cause all I do is frolic and play
I swallow grenades, and take about a bottle a day
Of Tylenol 3, and talk about how violent I'll be (RRARRRRH)
Give me eleven Excedrin, my head'll spin
Medicine'll get me revvin' like a 747 jet engine
Scratched my balls 'til I shred the skin
"Doctor, check this rash! Look how red it's been!"
"It's probably AIDS!" "Forget it then."
I strike a still pose and hit you with some ill flows
That don't even make sense, like dykes using dildos
So reach in your billfolds for ten ducats
And pick up this Slim Shady shit that's on Rawkus
"Somethin', somethin', somethin', somethin', I get weeded."
My daughter scribbled over that rhyme, I couldn't read it

[Hook]
‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills, and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy – you hear me? Ha?
Is fuckin' crazy – hello?!
‘Cause any man who would jump in front of a minivan
For twenty grand, a bottle of pain pills and a minithin
Is fuckin' crazy – do you hear me? Is fuckin' crazy

[Outro]
Hi, something's not right
I'm sorry, I'm mentally retarded
Slim Shady, I think that's my name
Rawkus Records, fuckin' crazy
Do you hear us? We're fuckin' crazy!
All of us! Hi… bye… goodnight, somethin'

[Hook:]
Wake up in the morning take a shit shower shave
Stand over the stove and whip it like a slave
I whip it like a slave
Whip it like a slave
Stand over the stove and then I whip it like a slave

[Repeat]

[Verse 1 - Boo Rossini:]
B double O, Ohhhhh
In that coupe like don't whip me no more
Look how I whip it ohhhh, called child abuse
Let 'em out the cage, grilled chick filets
Pyrex looking like a glass of lemonade
Snow white, no dwarfs, just snow flakes
Stainless steel stove match the microwave
Metallic lambo, inside suede
Program to get it, I run off double A's
I whip it like I
I whip it like I
I whip it like Joe Jackson used to whip Mike
I whip it like Penny got it on Good Times
Sunrise cook them yams up sunny side

[Bridge:]
Whip it like a slave
Whip it like a slave
Stand over the stove and whip it like a slave

[Boo Rossini:]
I'm talking 36 ounces
Treat 'em like Chris Brown
Enough bricks I can build a townhouse

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Lil Wayne]
Okay new day new yay
Then I whip it like Kunta Kinte
I'm talking sugar talking dough like a beignet
I take a brick karate chop it like a sensei
Haha, I does it the YM way
A bunch of drugs, bunch of money, bunch of templates
Bunch of ice, bunch of guns, bunch of switchblades
Fuck with my bunch of bunch of niggas up in his face
Check my pockets more money than lint
Check my kitchen every spoon in there bent
Check my dishes residue like a bitch
Big boy weight my residue like half a brick

[Hook]

[Lil Wayne:]
I'm talking 36 ounces
Building snow mountains
More bricks than 24 houses

[Hook]

[Intro: Yo Gotti]
It's your boy Yo Gotti, yeah
Gucci Mane La Flare
My nigga Ralph in here
Zaytoven on the beat, nigga
And it's a street nigga holiday
My nigga DJ Holiday, yeah

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Bricks, all-white bricks
Off-white bricks, light-tan bricks
Just hit a lick for fifty more bricks
Balling like a bitch with all these bricks
Bricks, thirty-six zips
That's a whole chick, want a bad bitch?
Gotta have bricks, yeah, that makes sense
Yeah, I make hits, but I still take bricks

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
So Icy CEO, I'm a fool with the snow
They think I'm putting VVS jewels in the coke
My watch a cool hundred, paint-job a cold twenty
And after this flip, I'm quitting the trap cold-turkey
Psych, the pack in and I'm working
Drought season in, charged your ass a whole thirty
But right now you can get it for a low number
The fish scale white, same color my Hummer
Zone 6 polar bears never see summer
It's winter all year cause the birds fly under
95 Air Max cause I'm a dope runner
I'm ballin' like an athlete but got no jumper

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
It's bricks, all-white bricks
Off-white bricks, light-tan bricks
Just hit a lick for fifty more bricks
Balling like a bitch with all these bricks
Bricks, thirty-six zips
That's a whole chick, want a bad bitch?
Gotta have bricks, yeah, that makes sense
Yeah, I make hits, but I still take bricks

[Verse 2: Young Ralph]
I'm like a waitress in the trap, I've got something to serve
That's sixteen bars, same price for a bird
What you need, a bird? Or a couple pounds?
I'm on Cleveland Ave, you know my side of town
So many bricks I can build my own apartment
You better have a check when you come in my department
Yes, I break 'em down and I sell 'em whole
Try me, watch your whole crew fall like some dominoes
I got a trap house and a trap car
A hundred thousand off a cap, that's a trap star
All this smoke got me feeling real nauseous
Riding with them bricks got me feeling real cautious

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Bricks, all-white bricks
Off-white bricks, light-tan bricks
Just hit a lick for fifty more bricks
Balling like a bitch with all these bricks
Bricks, thirty-six zips
That's a whole chick, want a bad bitch?
Gotta have bricks, yeah, that makes sense
Yeah, I make hits, but I still take bricks

[Verse 3: Yo Gotti]
Tony Montana, all I have in this world
Is my hundred-round chopper and my white girl
Oil-based bricks, shit hard to cook
Call the plug back, tell him he got took
Know what that mean? This shit free
That means none for him and more for me
I took something, I'm gutter, bitch
Don't trust me dawg, this that North Memphis shit
Old school, new Porsche
Couple choppers just in case they wanna go to war
Bricks, AKA my best friend
Twenty-eight inch rims, call 'em grown men
Dope stepped on, call it step-child
I got that Slim Shady, we call it 8 Mile
I'm from North Memphis, Watkins and Brown
Gotti Street and nigga, that's my brick house

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Bricks, all-white bricks
Off-white bricks, light-tan bricks
Just hit a lick for fifty more bricks
Balling like a bitch with all these bricks
Bricks, thirty-six zips
That's a whole chick, want a bad bitch?
Gotta have bricks, yeah, that makes sense
Yeah, I make hits, but I still take bricks

[Intro: Hayley Williams]
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now

[Verse 1: B.o.B]
Yeah, I could use a dream or a genie or a wish
To go back to a place much simpler than this
'Cause after all the partyin' and smashin' and crashin'
And all the glitz and the glam and the fashion
And all the pandemonium and all the madness
There comes a time where you fade to the blackness
And when you starin' at that phone in your lap
And you hopin' but them people never call you back
But that's just how the story unfolds
You get another hand soon after you fold
And when your plans unravel in the sand
What would you wish for if you had one chance?
So airplane, airplane, sorry I'm late
I'm on my way, so don't close that gate
If I don't make that, then I'll switch my flight
And I'll be right back at it by the end of the night

[Chorus: Hayley Williams, B.o.B, Both]
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars? (shooting stars)
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars? (shooting stars)
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now

[Verse 2: B.o.B]
Yeah, yeah, somebody take me back to the days
Before this was a job, before I got paid
Before it ever mattered what I had in my bank
Yeah, back when I was tryna get a tip at Subway
And back when I was rappin' for the hell of it
But nowadays we rappin' to stay relevant
I'm guessin' that if we can make some wishes out of airplanes
Then maybe, oh maybe, I'll go back to the days
Before the politics that we call the rap game
And back when ain't nobody listened to my mixtape
And back before I tried to cover up my slang
But this is for Decatur—what's up, Bobby Ray?
So can I get a wish to end the politics?
And get back to the music that started this shit?
So here I stand and then again I say
I'm hopin' we can make some wishes out of airplanes

[Chorus: Hayley Williams, B.o.B, Both]
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars? (shooting stars)
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars? (shooting stars)
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now

[Outro: B.o.B, Hayley Williams]
I could really use a wish right now (Woah-oh-oh-oh)
I, I, I could really use a wish right now (Mmm-mm-mm-mm)
Like, like, like shooting stars (Ahh-ah-ah-ah)
I, I, I could really use a wish right now (Ah-ah-ah-ah)
A wish, a wish right now

[Verse 1]
Please save a kid that needs some help
And I can't begin to think of anything that could help
But the weed is guaranteed, indeed, just what I need
How I feel, upon a time, so recent in time, made me sad
When I recollect how it used to be
Like David and Goliath, kinda like me
And the Devil tryna rip out my soul
Tryna catch a nigga on sleep, no-no
You can try again and I'll be ready
Won't let you kill me in my dream like Freddy Krueger
No, I'm not no loser, I'll see you in Hell

[Chorus]
At the end of the day, day
My mama told me don't let no one break me, let no one break me
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
Nobody, nobody ever could stop me, ever could stop me
(Yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
You can't regret it if you were trying, if you were trying
(Yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
I'm walking with a heart of a lion, yeah

[Verse 2]
Please save a kid that needs some help
And I can't see ahead of me so I move in stealth
Hide and seek within a dream, I seem to glide above my horror
Though I feel I'll never be complete inside the dark I borrow
To proceed and remain intact, my mental is so unstable
And they talk and judge a man
They have no clue of what I'm capable
'Til I show a side of me no one had thought could be within
I told you, no I'm not a loser, I'll see you in Hell

[Chorus]
At the end of the day, day
My mama told me don't let no one break me, let no one break me
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
Nobody, nobody ever could stop me, ever could stop me
(Yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
You can't regret it if you were trying, if you were trying
(Yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
I'm walking with a heart of a lion, yeah

[Bridge]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
The heart of a lion, the heart of a lion
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
The heart of a lion
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
The heart of a lion, the heart of a lion
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)

[Verse 3]
I'm just a kid who needs no help
I've achieved a bigger thing
No cash or check could be more blessed
And if you had ever seen the things I've seen up in my slumber
You'd be shook, stay awake
No need to run, your fate would follow
You should know, not for the faint at heart
This world understands no coward
It's a goal, a simple code, I stay on the grind to the 25th hour
And I know the fight in me is somewhere hiding deep within
I told you, no, I'll never let you drag me down to Hell

[Chorus]
At the end of the day, day
My mama told me don't let no one break me, let no one break me
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
Nobody, nobody ever could stop me, ever could stop me
(Yeah, yeah, no)
At the end of the day, day
You can't regret it if you were trying, if you were trying
At the end of the day, day
(Yeah, yeah, no)
I'm walking with a heart of a lion, yeah

[Outro]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Yeah, no, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah...

[Intro: Lupe Fiasco]
Carrera (Dumb it down!)
Coolest nigga, what? (Dumb it down!)
F-N-F, up! (Dumb it down!)
(Dumb it down!)

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
I'm fearless, now hear this, I'm earless
And I'm peerless, that means I'm eyeless
Which means I'm tearless, which means my iris
Resides where my ears is, which means I'm blinded
But I'ma find it, I can feel its nearness
But I'ma veer, so I don't come near
Like a chicken or a deer, but I remember
I'm not a listener or a seer so my windshield smear
Here you steer, I really shouldn't be behind this
Clearly cause my blindness
The windshield is menstrual, the whole grill is roadkill
So trill and so sincere, yeah, I'm both them there
Took both pills when the bloke in the trench coat
And the locs in the chair had approached him here
Made it clear as a ghost or a biter of the throats in the mirror
The writer of the quotes for the ghosts
Who supplier of the notes to the living
Riveting as Rosie, pockets full of posies
Given to the mother of the deceased
Awake and at war 'til I'm resting in peace

[Hook 1: Gemini]
You going over niggas heads, Lu (Dumb it down!)
They telling me that they don't feel you (Dumb it down!)
We ain't graduate from school, nigga (Dumb it down!)
Them big words ain't cool, nigga (Dumb it down!)
Yeah I heard "Mean and Vicious," nigga (Dumb it down!)
Make a song for the bitches, nigga! (Dumb it down!)
We don't care about the weather nigga (Dumb it down!)
You'll sell more records if you (Dumb it down!)

[Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco]
And I'm mouthless, which means I'm soundless
Now as far as the hearing, I've found it
It was as far as the distance from the earring to the ground is
But the doorknockers on the ear
Of a stewardess in a Lear, she's fine and she's flying
I feel I'm flying by 'em, cause my mind's on cloud nine
And in a mine at the same time
Pimps see the wings on the Underground King
Who's also Klingon, to infinity and beyond
Something really stinks, but I Sphinx like Leon
Or lion in the desert
I'm flying on Pegasus, you're flying on a pheasant
Writer of the white powder, picker of the fire flowers
Spit, "hot fiya" like Dylan on Chappelle's skit
Yeah, smell it on my unicorn
Don't snort the white horse, but toot my own horn
Sleep?

[Hook 2: Graham Burris]
You've been shedding too much light, Lu (Dumb it down!)
You're makin 'em wanna do right, Lu (Dumb it down!)
They're gettin' self-esteem, Lu (Dumb it down!)
These girls are trying to be queens, Lu (Dumb it down!)
They're trying to graduate from school, Lu (Dumb it down!)
They're startin' to think that smart is cool, Lu (Dumb it down!)
They're trying to get up out the hood, Lu (Dumb it down!)
I'll tell you what you should do (Dumb it down!)

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
And I'm brainless, which means I'm headless
Like Ichabod Crane is
Or foreplay-less sex is, which makes me saneless
With no neck left to hang the chain with
Which makes me necklace-less, like a necklace theft
And I ain't used my headrest yet
They said they need proof like a vestless chest
About the best-fed F-F jet in the nest
Who exudes confidence and excess depth
Even Scuba Steve would find it hard to breathe
Around these leagues; my snorkel is a tuba
Lu the ruler around these seas
Westside Poseidon, Westside beside 'em
Chest-high and rising, almost touching the knees
Of stewardess and the pilot, lucky they make ya fly with
Personal floating devices, tricks falling out of my sleeves
David Blaine, make it rain
You make a boat, I make a plane
Then, I pull the plug and I make it drain
Until I feel like flowing and filling it up again
Westside!

[Hook 3: Gemini]
You putting me to sleep, nigga (Dumb it down!)
'S'why you ain't popping in the streets, nigga! (Dumb it down!)
You ain't winning no awards nigga! (Dumb it down!)
Robots and skateboards, nigga?! (Dumb it down!)
GQ Man of the Year, G? (Dumb it down!)
Shit ain't rocking over here, B (Dumb it down!)
Won't you talk about your cars nigga? (Dumb it down!)
And what the fuck is Goyard nigga (Dumb it down!)
Make it rain for the chicks (Dumb it down!)
Po' CHAMPAGNE on a bitch! (Dumb it down!)
What the fuck is WRONG WITH YOU?! (Dumb it down!)
...How can I get on a song with you? (Dumb it down!)

[Outro: Gemini]
Look B, here's my main, my two-way
Uh, what should I, ah, here take this
That right there, fuck what my boys'll talk about me, nigga
Nigga, you hot to me! I like you! (Dumb it down!)

[Outro 2: Lupe Fiasco]
Bishop G, they told me I should come down, cousin
But I flatly refuse: I ain't dumb down nothing!

[Intro: Eminem]
'Cause sometimes you just feel tired
Yo, left, yo, left
Feel weak and when you feel weak
Yo, left, right, left
You feel like you wanna just give up
Yo, left, yo left
But you gotta search within you
Yo, left, right, left
Try to find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you
Yo, left, yo left
And get that motivation to not give up
Yo, left, right, left
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad
Yo, left, yo left
You wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse
Yo, left, right, left

[Verse 1: Eminem]
'Til I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em
'Til the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em
‘Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin' 'em
And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 'em?
Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
Amoxicillin's just not real enough
The criminal, cop-killin', hip-hop villain
A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
You're comin' with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up?
Fa' shizzle, my wizzle, this is the plot, listen up
You bizzles forgot, Slizzle does not give a fuck

[Chorus: Nate Dogg & Eminem]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' you get
When you real and you spit, and people are feelin' your shit
This is your moment, and every single minute you spend
Tryna hold on to it 'cause you may never get it again
So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over, just admit when it's at its end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in
It goes: Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie
André from OutKast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's botherin' me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me
The press's wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me!

[Chorus: Nate Dogg & Eminem]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an MC's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart
And it's absurd how people hang on every word
I'll prob'ly never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first
‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could ever be worse
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't wanna go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launchin' at 'em
The track is on some battlin' raps, who wants some static?
‘Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is wack if I'm not the baddest, so

[Chorus: Nate Dogg & Eminem]
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
'Til the roof comes off, 'til the lights go out
Until the roof, until the roof
'Til my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
'Til the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
Until my legs, until my legs
I'ma rip this shit 'til my bones collapse
Give out from underneath me

[Outro: Eminem, Nate Dogg, Eminem & Nate Dogg]
Until the roof, until the roof
The roof comes off, the roof comes off
Until my legs, until my legs
Give out from underneath me
I, I will not fall, I will stand tall
Feels like no one could beat me

[Hook]
Homie just texted me
Say my nigga flexed him
Dummy brick-frowny face
Rabbit food-frowny face
Say he wanna face me
Tell em "Come and skraighten me":
SK-frowny face
AK-frowny face

[Verse 1]
Some niggas tried to wet me up
Shot up my truck in East Atlanta
Want to set me up
Bbecause I tricked this nigga in Savannah
They put some money on my head
I had to move to Alabama
Started poppin' with my cousin
Mixing 'caine with Arm & Hammer
Somebody blooded my face badly
My last visit to the slammer
But they put me in that hole
Because I beat him like a hammer
The shooter shot my nigga Juice
A couple times over by Gresham
Wish I was there just to help him
He pushed on, so I respect him
Before the fortune and the fame
Deep in the game, me and my gang
Behind my rights to getting my record
They tried to murk me for my chain
Two tear drops under my eye
Because I wish some days I could cry
But to lose my self-respect
My nigga, I would rather die. Gucci!

[Hook]
Homie just texted me
Say my nigga flexed him
Dummy brick-frowny face
Rabbit food-frowny face
Say he wanna face me
Tell em "Come and skraighten me":
SK-frowny face
AK-frowny face

[Verse 2]
My former label didn't trick me
They just did what was expected
I was self-sufficient before
I went independent selling records
I know they're kick theyself in the ass
I'm playing chess, they playing checkers
And they know as well as I
I eat they whole roster for breakfast
I'm a bouldercrest professor
You should sign up this semester
That made me laugh cause I'm the king
I cut your head off like the jester
I'm standing tall as Manute Bol
And y'all niggas shorter then Buster
I'm the dopeman, y'all the workers
So I feed y'all with the extras
Like Drake, Trey Songz and Wayne
I just wanna be successful
Successfully keeping my cool
In situations highly stressful
I'm Gucci, all about the zeros
Comma, number and the decimal
So if you looking for a visit to the morgue
Then I can help you

[Hook]
Homie just texted me
Say my nigga flexed him
Dummy brick-frowny face
Rabbit food-frowny face
Say he wanna face me
Tell em "Come and skraighten me":
SK-frowny face
AK-frowny face

[Bridge]
Sitting here on the corner
Pumping crack and marijuana
You can try me if you wanna
But I promise you'll be a goner
My rep just won't let you do that
I tote two straps, thought you knew that
If you come between my crew's stacks (Bricksquad!)
I'll lay you flat like a doormat. Gucci!

[Intro]
Yeah

[Verse 1]
So you wanna be hardcore?
With your hat to the back
Talkin' about the gats in ya raps
But I can't feel that hardcore appeal that you're screamin'
Maybe I'm dreamin'
This ain't Christopher Williams
Still some MC's gotta feel one, caps I gotta peel some
To let niggas know that if you fuck with big-and-heavy
I get up in that ass like a wedgie
Says who? Says me, the lyrical
Niggas sayin', "Biggie off the street, it's a miracle!"
Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me
Just for niggas actin' shifty
Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill ya quicker
Especially when I'm drunk off the liquor
Smokin' funk by the boxes, packin' Glocks-es
It's natural to eat you niggas like chocolates
The funk, baby

[Chorus]
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"

[Verse 2]
All I want is bitches, big-booty bitches
Used to sell crack so I could stack my riches
Now I pack gats to stop all the snitches
From stayin' in my business, what is this?
Relentless approach to know if I'm broke or not
Just 'cause I joke and smoke a lot
Don't mean I don't tote the Glock
Sixteen shots for my niggas in the pen
Until we motherfuckin' meet again, huh
I'm doin' rhymes now, fuck the crimes now
Come on the Ave, I'm real hard to find now
'Cause I'm knee-deep in the beats
In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the MAC-10 by the seats
For the jackers, the jealous-ass crackers in the (blue suits)
I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof
Hold your head 'cause when you hit the bricks
I got gin, mad blunts, and bitches suckin' dick
The funk, baby

[Chorus]
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk" (Uh)
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"

[Verse 3]
So I guess you know the story, the rap-side, crack-side
How I smoke funk, smack bitches on the backside
Bed-Stuy, the place where my head rests
Fifty-shot clip if a nigga want test
The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya
High as a motherfuckin' helicopter
That's why I pack a Nina, fuck a misdemeanor
Beatin' motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina
"What's love got to do..."
When I'm rippin' all through your whole crew?
Strapped like Bamboo but I don't sling guns
I got bags of funk and it's sellin' by the tons
Niggas wanna know how I live the mack life
Makin' money, smokin' mics like crack pipes
It's type, simple and plain, to maintain
I add a little funk to the brain
The funk, baby

[Chorus]
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"
"I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk"

[Intro: Gucci Mane & Lil Will]
Gucci Mane La Flare
Yeah, where yo ice at?
Where yo chain and yo rings at?
Where yo bling at?
I'm icy, I'm icy, so icy, so icy
I'm so icy, I'm icy, so icy, so icy

[Chorus: Lil Will & Young Jeezy]
All these girls excited
Ooh, you know they like it
I'm so icy, so icy
Girl don't try to fight it
All your friends invited (uh, uh-uh, uh, chyeah)
I'm so icy, so icy (uh, uh, uh-uh, uh, yeah, ayy, ayy, let's go)

[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
Got a house around my neck and my wrist on chill (chill)
Any given time, 250 in your grill (a quarter million?)
All I do is talk shit (ayy)
You can even add a couple grand for my outfit
Yeah, you better act like you know man (what?)
In my hood they call me Jeezy the Snowman
You get it? (get it?) Jeezy the Snowman (chyeah)
I'm iced out (ayy), plus I got snow, man (ayy)
Let it marinate, y'all niggas slow man (slow man)
(Man what the fuck y'all? Dumb ass)
I used to get nineteen for a beat (chyeah)
Call me Ginuwine, the same ol' G (ol' G)
I'm the shit bitch, I need toilet paper (damn)
And some air freshener, nigga, fuck a hater
These niggas don't like me (why?)
I'm with the Gucci Mane and I'm so icy

[Chorus: Lil Will]
All these girls excited
Ooh, you know they like it (ooh, you know they like it)
I'm so icy, so icy (I'm so icy, baby)
Girl don't try to fight it (don't try to fight it)
All your friends invited (all your friends)
I'm so icy, so icy (I'm so icy, girl you know I'm icy)

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
She digging my fit, she think I'm the shit (think I'm the shit)
Is this the chain on my neck, or the watch in my wrist (the watch in my wrist)
Maybe the ice in my ear, or the bracelet (my bracelet)
But she look like the type that could take a dick (take the dick)
Uh, young Gucci Mane (Gucci Mane)
Don't kiss me baby, you can kiss my chain (kiss my chain)
Uh, you gotta be a dime piece (dime piece)
Just to look at the rocks in my time piece (time piece)
Uh, I come through in a drop top Jag (drop top tag)
Or a old school Chevy with the antique tags ('tique tags)
My pockets so heavy that I can't walk steady (walk steady)
Niggas copping ice we done done it already (oh!)
Got a gold grill but it's not from Eddie
I ride big Chevys cause a nigga ain't petty
I'm icy (so icy, so icy), so motherfuckin' snowed up
Little kids wanna be like Gucci when they grow up
Uh, me, Jeezy and Boo
We ain't hatin pussy nigga go and do what you do
'Cause we icy (so icy), so icy (so icy)
We icy (so icy), so icy (so icy)

[Chorus: Lil Will]
All these girls excited
Ooh, you know they like it (ooh, you know they like it)
I'm so icy, so icy (I'm so icy, baby I'm so icy)
Girl don't try to fight it (don't you fight it)
All your friends invited (all your friends)
I'm so icy, so icy (I'm so icy, I'm so icy)

[Verse 3: Boo]
Yeah, I'm hoppin' out the range wit the seats piped out
You can still see my chain even when the lights out (lights out)
'Cause that's how mobsters do it
Spit a little game, give 'em that flossin' music
I'm the man from the C-H-I
These lames runnin' 'round thinkin' they so fly
Got a little buzz but Boo been too high
I'm pullin' hoes in the club and I don't even try
I guess when she glance at my wrist, she wanna get my dick
I tell her holla at Jeezy if you wanna pop Cris
Get at Gucci Mane cause he on some hood shit
And you know I'm in the cut, grippin' my .45
Like let a nigga trip, nah we ain't runnin'
We just takin all your chicks, buyin' drinks, gettin' blunted
Groupies, show you how to do this son
We throwin' out hundreds while you savin them ones, nigga

[Bridge: Lil Will]
I got so many rocks, in my chain and watch
I know I'm the shit, my chain hang down to my dick
I know I'm the bomb, just look at my charm
I know I'm the shit, my chain hang down to my dick

[Chorus: Lil Will]
All these girls excited
Ooh, you know they like it (oh you know that them girls like it)
I'm so icy, so icy (I'm so icy, baby)
Girl don't try to fight it
All your friends invited
I'm so icy, so icy (I'm so icy, baby I'm so icy)

[Outro: Lil Wil]
Look at my charm
My chain hang down to my dick
Hahahaha

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, uh

[Verse 1]
Now, I was dreaming 'bout a deal at the age of thirteen
I was fiending for the mills, I ain't talking Burger King
Some of my niggas in the 'Ville, all they did was serve fiends
Fuck scales, I had skills, all day rehearsing
Them pretty boys had them gals, spent they time flirting
All they wanted was some waves like they fucking surfing
Hold up, now, don’t get it twisted, I ain't hating, do your thing
I was like a young Simba; couldn’t wait to be the king
Now, a nigga is the prince
Hopped over the fence where the grass way greener
Look at shawty ass, way meaner
Something like Serena mixed with Trina—have you seen her?
She fine enough to be Ms. Howard, word to Adina
My money like a senior, watch it graduate
Now, it's time to eat, I’m letting all my niggas grab a plate
Gravitate to real shit, stay away from phonies
These niggas heard about me, now they acting like they know me

[Chorus]
Keep on saying, “Where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, huh, yeah
“Ayy, where you going, nigga?”
Hey, it ain't no telling, yeah
They keep on saying “Where you going, nigga?” Going, nigga
Ayy, it ain't no telling (Yeah)
Can’t tell you where I’m going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom, hello to the top, ugh

[Verse 2]
Pardon the interruption, a proper introduction is necessary
When your shit is legendary, man
Greedy niggas wouldn’t let me in the cafeteria'n
'Cause they ain't believe, suddenly they Presbyterian
The hoes is librarians; they looking me up
She got to Jones like Marion, she licking me up
Then we cut, look how she say my name
I got her moaning, "J. Cole", they used to say "Jermaine"
I never change, I'm like a corpse in a coffin; six feet, shit's deep
I was low, just a dollar and some hope fixed me
'Cause I was broke, plus the weed that I would smoke would make it worser
Lord, please let my problems disappear like Ron Mercer
I’m a star; Converses
Conversing with them girls with them curves like cursive
They open like curtains
'Cause my shit is unheard of like curses on the radio
Same bitches used to play me though

[Chorus]
Now, they yelling, “Where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, huh, yeah
“Ay, where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, yeah
They keep on saying “Where you going, nigga?” Going, nigga
It ain't no telling, yeah
I can’t tell you where I’m going, just know I won't stop
Goodbye to the bottom (Yeah), hello to the top, yeah

[Verse 3]
I left the city for a minute, but it's still on my back
Told my niggas "Ay, I'm finna put the Ville on the map
I'll be back, and I'm coming with a deal and a plaque."
'Cause I'm ill, bitch, they couldn’t make a pill for the rap
Pouring liquor for my niggas that was killed, send 'em back
Came home, shit is real, niggas still in the trap
Hold up, now, don’t get it twisted, if you slang, do your thing
Me, I'm like a young Simba; I can't wait to be the king
Witness the dream
Straight out that Carolina water, I was brought up
In the city where the skinny niggas tryna be the ballers
Ain't no fathers, but the skinny niggas tryna hit they daughters
Sneaking in her crib, but her momma never caught us
What they taught us?
Man, them bad bitches only want the ballers, the starters
We hooping, now the hoes wanna guard us
Ugh, okay, so play D—know what I mean?
And I, I, I'll put you on the team
Man, this life is but a dream, and I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport, I'm a fucking rap star

[Outro]
“Ayy, where you going, nigga?”
Shit, it ain't no telling, yeah
They say this life is but a dream, well, I need a fast car
Bad broads, fast forward; passport, I'm a fucking rap star
“Ayy, where you going, nigga?"
Yeah, it ain't no telling

[Intro]
Yo, yo, follow me (follow me)
Come with me to the dark side of the force
No man would boldly go to this place
The devil only knows of this world
So dark and, oh, so cold, it's, oh, so cold
Oh, so cold, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

[Chorus]
(Stay wide awake)
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on-ly some will go
(Stay wide awake)
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
(Stay wide awake)

[Verse 1]
Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December
I see my target, put my car in park, and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda, and I pretend to befriend her
Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there girl, you mighta
Heard of me before, see whore, you're the kind of girl that I'd a–
-ssault and rape, then figure why not try to make your pussy wider
Fuck you with an umbrella then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild but I might flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian, yeah, now let's see her have triplets, and I'll di–
-sintegrate them babies as soon as they're out her with formalde–
-hyde and cyanide, girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder
No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun out of
Murderin', I'd rather go vinn-vinn, and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh
Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull, my knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh

[Pre-Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

[Chorus]
(Stay wide awake)
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on-ly some will go
(Stay wide awake)
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
(Stay wide awake)

[Verse 2]
So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy
It's makin' me play hide-and-seek like Jason, I'm so hungry
She's naked, see, no privacy, but I can see she wants me
So patient, see, I try to be, but gee, why does she taunt me?
Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep and I creep right through the front, see
So blatantly, but silently 'cause I know that she's sound 'sleep
"Who's wakin' me so violently, and why's he on top of me?"
"He's rapin' me," she tries to scream, "Somebody please get him off me
He's tapin' me, he's bitin' me, he's laughin' like it's funny"
She's scrapin' me, she's fightin' me, she's scratchin' like some dumb freak
Escapin' me, no dice, you see, I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan, gee, what a sight to see, I'm dancin' in my red panties
I'm crazy, but it's alright with me, man, life can be so empty
Stay away from me 'cause I'm dancin' to quite a different drum beat

[Pre-Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

[Chorus]
(Stay wide awake)
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on-ly some will go
(Stay wide awake)
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
(Stay wide awake)

[Verse 3]
Better try to stay wide awake or you might end up found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep, bitch, your soul I'ma try to take
Pray for light of day right away, why do they try to fight today?
I must make them pay twice as much, might as well put the knife away
Now I use power tools, how 'bout now, are you in the shower?
Scour you for six hours 'til outage of power outlets
How did you figure out I was down in your basement? Now ya
Must've just heard the sound of my stomach growlin' from down there
Prowler, there's no one fouler, bound ya, that's how they found ya
Face down in the tub, I drown ya with piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how you cower
Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars
Jabba the Hutt, biddy-bye-bye, biddy-bye-bye, it's time to die-die
Ought to not even bother to scream, it don't even matter
Amazing when grazin' skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water
Nothing like Son of Sam, so please understand there's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in the hunt? There's no fun in that, here I come with axe
Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hackin' 'em up with that
What was that? Dial 9-1-1, someone's comin' in from the back

[Pre-Chorus]
Soon as my flow starts I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark

[Chorus]
(Stay wide awake)
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on-ly some will go
(Stay wide awake)
But none return, when will they learn?
Where do they go? God only knows
(Stay wide awake)

[Intro]
Yeah
Ten steps ahead of these niggas
That's why they fuck with me instead of these niggas
Fool
Kush and orange juice, nigga
I'm tryna use better words...
Bitch
Jerm on the boards
This time around we want all the money
You niggas short changin' and shit
Show somethin'
Champagne and E-Z widers
Presidential views

[Verse 1]
I keeps it real, nothin' like you actors do
Joints I flick
Bomb raps I kicks off
Can't rip this off
Tag on your mattress, fool
You'd rather be high
This that shit, bitch
Now you in the presence of the fly
Louis cover my eyes
Not them hundred dollar Ray-Bans
Fam, these 675
Rap ass niggas tellin you lies
Runnin' game, some things money just can't disguise
That's why keepin' it G is where I keep my pride
You a lame, cause I'm good wit a couple niggas who ride
Look fella
Trees yellin'
Just by the smell you can tell us
Chronic I smoke hella
My pockets want mozzarella
Your bitch here twistin' up like propellers
Got my paper right
Now we like white boy hair the way they jeal-ous

[Hook]
When we come we came to spend money
We think it ain't nothin' that's why we get to cuffin' their hoes
She comin' to drank and smoke some of this good dank
Then go back to my place don't ask you already know
Ain't worried 'bout another nigga
While I'm gettin mine homie I ain't got the time
Face in the clouds I'm feelin' like time is on my side
But they don't wanna see me fly
They don't wanna see me fly
The life is all I know
To live this way, I chose
Grindin' paid its toll
Oh, oh
Now everywhere I go I fly

[Verse 2]
Most of my bitches use and abuse
These niggas, call it making 'em pay they dues
Spendin' all your hard-earned money on bags and shoes
When all they really need is kush and orange juice
Shit, that's what I feed 'em
They download my songs
Watch my interviews and read 'em
Treat her like you love her
I fuck her once then I don't need her
I'm playin'
I keep a couple of them skinnies
That I hit up anytime I'm in they city
Shorty, I ain't on no sports team, but ya nigga ballin
Don't pick up my line less I see its money callin'
Jordan shorts by the pair and my socks is Ralph Lauren
And I got that there from my nigga down New Orleans
Real as they come, every one of my niggas all in
Niggas'll talk slick, but me I'm gettin to the paper
Cause they see us and act like they never hated
Gang, gang

[Hook]
When we come we came to spend money
We think it ain't nothin' that's why we get to cuffin their hoes
She comin' to drank and smoke some of this good dank
Then go back to my place don't ask you already know
Ain't worried 'bout another nigga
While I'm gettin mine homie I ain't got the time
Face in the clouds I'm feelin' like time is on my side
But they don't wanna see me fly
They don't wanna see me fly
The life is all I know
To live this way, I chose
Grindin' paid its toll
Oh, oh
Now everywhere I go I fly

[Outro]
Taylor gang in this bitch you a fool
Big bags of kush, put a x in the middle
Add the orange juice nigga

[Intro: André 3000]
One, two
One, two, three, yeah!

[Verse 1: André 3000]
Inslumnational, underground
Thunder pounds when I stomp the ground (Whoo!)
Like a million elephants or silverback orangutan
You can't stop the train
Who want some don't come unprepared
I'll be there, but when I leave there
Bet I'll be a household name
Weather man tellin' us it ain't gon' rain
So now we sittin' in a drop-top, soakin' wet
In a silk suit, tryin' not to sweat
Hit somersaults without the net
But this'll be the year that we won't forget
1-9-9-9 Anno Domini, anything goes
Be what you wanna be as long as you know
Consequences are given for livin'
The fence is too high to jump in jail
Too low to dig, I might just touch hell—hot!
Get a life, now they on sale
Then I might cast you a spell
Look at what came in the mail
A scale and some Arm & Hammer
Soul-gold grill and a baby mama
Black Cadillac and a pack of Pampers
Stack of questions with no answers
Cure for cancer, cure for AIDS
Make a nigga wanna stay on tour for days
Get back home, things are wrong
Well not really, it was bad all along
Before you left adds up to a ball of power
Thoughts at a thousand miles per hour
Hello, ghetto, let your brain breathe
Believe there's always more, ha!

[Hook: André 3000 + Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
Uno, dos, tres, it's on
Did you ever think a pimp rock a microphone?
Like that there boy and will still stay street
Big things happen every time we meet
Like a track team, crack fiend dying to geek
OutKast bumpin' up and down the street
Slant back Cadillac, 'bout five niggas deep
75 MCs freestyling to the beat
'Cause we get crunk, stay drunk, at the club
Should've bought an ounce, but you copped a dub
Should've held back, but you throwed the punch
Supposed to meet your girl but you packed a lunch
No D to the U to the G for you
Got a son on the way by the name of Bamboo
Got a little baby girl, four-year—Jordan
Never turned my back on my kids, for them
Should've hit it, quit it, rag-top
Before you re-up, get a laptop
Make a business for yourself, boy, set some goals
Make a fat diamond out of dusty coal
Record number four, but we on a roll
Hold up, slow up, stop, "Control"
Like Janet, Planet, Stankonia's on ya
Moving like Floyd, comin' straight to Florida
Lock all your windows, then block the corridors
Pullin' off my belt 'cause a whipping's in order
Like a three-piece fish before I cut your daughter
Yo quiero Taco Bell, then I hit the border
Pitty-pat rappers trying to get to five
I'm a microphone fiend tryin' to stay alive
When you come to ATL, boy, you better not hide
'Cause the Dungeon Family gon' ride, ha!

[Hook: André 3000 + Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!
Don't pull the thang out, unless you plan to bang
Bombs over Baghdad!
Yeah, don't even bang unless you plan to hit something
Bombs over Baghdad!

[Break: Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Bombs over Baghdad!
Bombs over Baghdad!
Bombs over Baghdad!
Bombs over Baghdad!

[Outro: André 3000 + Morris Brown College Gospel Choir]
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Bob your head, rag-top
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival
Power music, electric revival

[Intro: André 3000 + Debra Killings]
Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Cut it up, oh, oh, oh!
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Uh-cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka, cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Uh-cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka, cracka, lacka-lacka-lacka
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh

[Chorus: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
Many a day has passed, the night has gone by
But still I find the time to put that bump off in your eye
Total chaos, for these playas, thought we was absent
We takin' another route to represent the Dungeon Family
Like Great Day, me and my nigga decide to take the back way
We stabbin' every city then we headed to that Bat cave
ATL, Georgia, what do we do for ya?
Bulldoggin' hoes like them Georgetown Hoyas
Boy, you sounding silly, think my Brougham ain't sittin' pretty
Doing doughnuts 'round you suckas like them circles around titties
Damn, we, the committee, gon' burn it down
But us gon' bust you in the mouth with the chorus now, say

[Chorus: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say, ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Verse 2: André 3000]
I met a gypsy and she hipped me to some life game
To stimulate then activate the left and right brain
Said, "Baby boy, you only funky as your last cut
You focus on the past, your ass'll be a 'has-what'"
That's one to live or either that's one to die to
I try to just throw it at you, determine your own adventure
André, got to her station, here's my destination she got off the bus The conversation lingered in my head for hours took a shower Kinda sour 'cause my favorite group ain't comin' wit it
But I'm witcha 'cause you probably goin' through it anyway
But anyhow, when in doubt, went on out and bought it
Cause I thought it would be jammin'
But examine all the flawsky-wawsky
Awfully sad and it's costly, but that's all she
Wrote and I hope I never have to float in that boat
Up shit's creek, "It's weak" is the last quote
That I wanna hear when I'm goin' down
When all's said and done and we got a new joe in town
When the record player get to skippin' and slowin' down
All y'all can say is, "Them niggas earned that crown", but until then

[Chorus: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Harmonica Solo: Pastor Robert Hodo]

[Chorus: Big Boi]
Ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Say ah ha, hush that fuss
Everybody move to the back of the bus
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Outro: Debra Killings, Big Boi]
Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
Uh-huh, uh-huh, baby, yeah, yeah
Ah ha, hush that fuss, everybody move to the back of the bus
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, baby, uh-huh
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk
Uh-huh, baby, uh-huh, yeah, yeah
Say ah ha, hush that fuss, everybody move to the back of the bus
Baby, yeah, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
Do you wanna bump and slump with us?
We the type of people make the club get crunk

[Guitar Solo: Martin Terry]

[Skit: Raekwon & Big Boi]
It's just major right here, you know what I'm saying, yo son, my niggas, your niggas is on it man, straight up man
Word man, glad we got together to do this, you know on time-outs, everybody North, South, East, West, you know what I'm saying, we doing this thing right here straight up for hip-hop
We handling the Earth right now you niggas don't even know
For sure
You know what I mean? If it wasn't for us tryna enlighten y'all niggas with all types of flows and flavors, the game wouldn't be the same
You gotta keep it innovative and new, creative. You know what I'm sayin'? Some people don't wanna hear the same old thing over and over
No doubt, you gotta come provocative nigga, know what I mean? Shit gotta be spine-tingling with mad styles and crazy dangerous, I mean, bust-ya-shit-open beats, you know what I mean? It's like yo, niggas don't even know, son, yo we gon' play some funky shit for ya
That's right
Straight up, pay up, pay up nigga
From East Point to Shaolin, y'all better know that, yeah!
Hit this Henny

[Intro: André 3000]
Yeah, this one right here goes out
To all the baby's mamas' mamas
Mamas, mamas, baby mamas' mamas
Yeah, go like this

[Chorus: André 3000]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Verse 1: Big Boi]
My baby's drama mama don't like me
She be doin' things like havin' them boys
Come from her neighborhood to the studio, tryna fight me
She needs to get a piece of the American pie and take her bite out
That's my house, I'll disconnect the cable and turn the lights out
And let her know her grandchild is a baby and not a pay check
Private school, daycare, shit, medical bills—I pay that
I love your mom and everything
But see, I ain't the only one who laid down
She wanna rib you up to start a custody war
My lawyers stay down
She never got a chance to hear my side of the story
We was divided
She had fish fries, cookouts for my child's birthday, I ain't invited
Despite it I show her the utmost respect when I fall through
All you, do is defend that lady when I call you, yeah

[Chorus: André 3000]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Bridge: André 3000]
Me and your daughter got a special thang goin' on
You say it's puppy love; we say it's full-grown (Arroof)
Hope that we feel this, feel this way forever
You can plan a pretty picnic but you can't predict the weather
Ms. Jackson

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Ten times out of nine, now if I'm lyin', find
The quickest muzzle, throw it on my mouth and I'll decline
King meets queen, then the puppy love thing
Together dream 'bout that crib with the Goodyear swing
On the oak tree, I hope we feel like this forever
Forever, forever ever? Forever, ever?
Forever never seems that long until you're grown
And notice that the day-by-day ruler can't be too wrong
Ms. Jackson, my intentions were good, I wish I could
Become a magician to abracadabra all the sadder
Thoughts of me, thoughts of she, thoughts of he
Asking what happened to the feeling that her and me had
I pray so much about it, need some knee pads
It happened for a reason, one can't be mad
So know this, know that everything's cool
And yes, I will be present on the first day of school and graduation

[Chorus: André 3000]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
"Look at the way he treats me"
Shit, look at the way you treat me
You see, your little nosy-ass homegirls
Done got your ass sent up the creek, G
Without a paddle, you left to straddle and ride this thing on out
Now you and your girl ain't speakin' no more
'Cause my dick all in her mouth
Know what I'm talkin' about?
Jealousy, infidelity, envy, cheating, beating
In the year 2G, they be the same thing
So who you placin' the blame on?
You keep on singin' the same song; let bygones be bygones
And you can go on and get the hell on, you and your mama

[Chorus: André 3000]
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson, ooh, I am for real
Never meant to make your daughter cry
I apologize a trillion times

[Hook]
Bend your back, flip your shoulders, drop your head
Bust it open if you love it like you say you love it, baby girl
Show me some, girl (show me some, girl)
Got that back bent, shoulders drug and got it bust open
Saying "if you won't it come and get it, Gucci Mane, show me!"
Show me some, girl (show me some, girl)

[Verse 1]
You know I'll do it, sure I'll do it
Show me some, girl. Call me Gucci Mane La Flare
My name went down around the world
Buy you diamonds, buy you a purse
Potential to be my "Gucci Girl"
Take you to the Gucci store
They call that shit the "Gucci World"
Word: in the Louis shop you'll be my Louis girl
Buy you Louis, buy you Prada cause you look just like a model
We'll be poppin' bottles? Naw! We'll be poppin' cases
Gucci Mane La Flare got lawyers to fight all the cases
$100,000 car, 50-carat bracelets
Half a million for the chain, Gucci Mane crazy!
Pull up in an '08, looking like a stingray
Then calamarr' in my brand new Ferarr'
Sorry, stepping on your fins with my Maurras
Got a nasty model cause it ain't about the dorras
Staring, staring, it's apparent that they staring
Baby girl, cause I'm fresher when I'm glaring

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Shorty want to marry me
Say she don't have sex casually
Don't want to be a casuality
Got a faculty, got more Magnums than an infantry
Baby, that's the penalty and trapping is just energy

Gucci Mane La Flare, you can call me "Guccirace"
Million-dollar shine: call me "Gucci Dibiase"
Like Ted Dibiase, put you in a "figure-4"
Gucci Mane La Flare: my car is on some 24s

Got them 4's on the Maserati
O, kimosabe
Got them bitches in the lobby
And they waiting on Guccirace
I got 4's on the Maserati
O, kimosabe
Got them bitches in the lobby
And they waiting on Guccirace

[Intro]
Ugh, ha (Da-na na-na-na)
Nah, fuck an intro, man, let's just go (Yeah!)

[Verse]
I come around like what goes around
What goes up must come down
Anyone who comes up must go down
Might as well go for the gusto now
Better not let up, better not let them breathe
Last shot, give it all you got
Try to turn me down, bitch
Get fucked with a volume knob, fuck all you snobs
Hoes, I hope all you rot
Two bottles of Lubriderm and a box of condoms
Is that all you brought?
And you want a ménage à trois, you twats?
Fuck that, I'd rather turn this club to a barroom brawl
Get rowdy as Roethlisberger in a bathroom stall
Like a leech stuck in a vacuum, y'all
Ain't nothing but a whole lot of sucking going on in rap
Yeah, but I'm home
Bad to the bone, back in the zone
Let him alone, you don't wanna go eggin' him on
It'll never be my chair that you own
Crown so tight that it cuts off circulation to the brain
No oxygen—other words, there's no heir to the throne
When I die so does hip-hop
Hitchcock of the shit, bitch, ask Doc
Got it ziplocked in a bag
You fags ain't been able to fade me since Kid Rock had a high-top
Keep bloggin' while I mind-boggle
And I zone like I'm in the twilight, dog
Get off my bone, this is my mic, dogg-one it
I like hoggin' it
Flows so wet, I'ma take this beat tobogganing
I'm waterloggin' it—I'm sogging it
Pull your verse out the beat and stomp on it
Suplexing it on cement
Like I'm on some "Straight Outta Compton" shit
Take this dick and chomp on it
I'm so bad I can bitchslap a backhanded compliment
Jackass, eat a donkey dick
The game I just about conquered it
Like Donkey Kong, I'm bonkers, bitch
I'm the king of this honkey shit
I reign supreme in this honkey shit
No sense screaming and arguing
Makes no difference whether a Benz or a Bentley
Or a Bimmer's the car you in
You think you ball? Well, I palm it
I throw up bombs when I vomit
Boy, I throw down in the kitchen
Might hit your mom with my omelette
But you got egg on your face
Now watch me drop an atomic
I should be strapped to the chest of a kamikaze
Bitch, I'm as batshit as Ozzy
It's obvious, you can tell right off the bat
No pun intended, but come any closer, I'll bite off your head
Tryna give me the finger's kinda like giving a spider the web
I'm just gonna spin it and try to use it to my advantage
I'll catch a fly in that bitch, you think you fly, you just food
I give as much of a flying fuck as that Superman dude
Guess I just do what you can't do
And make you look stupid and bamboozled
Confused as usual and you can get whipped
She can open a can, too
But you better hope you can handle the heat
Or stay the fuck outta Hell's Kitchen
I came to cockblock like a square fucking male chicken
Yeah, it's Shady, slut, the rest can suck on that big one
'Cause I'm as despicable as Daffy Duck when I'm spittin'

[Outro]
Haha, Recovery

[Produced by Kanye West, Mike Dean, and Timbaland]

[Intro: Daft Punk]
Work it, make it, do it, makes us
Harder, better, faster, stronger

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk]
N-Now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(More than ever, hour after hour
Work–)
(I need you right now!)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask, ‘cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
‘Cause right now, thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit!
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six
And take this, haters!

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk]
N-Now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(More than ever, hour after hour
Work–)
(I need you right now!) Me likey!

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Daft Punk]
I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right?
‘Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it–
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk]
N-Now th-that that don't kill me (Oh)
Can only make me stronger (Oh)
I need you to hurry up now (Oh)
‘Cause I can't wait much longer (Oh)
I know I got to be right now (Oh)
‘Cause I can't get much wronger (Oh)
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)

[Bridge: Kanye West & Daft Punk]
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Baby, you're makin' it
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)

[Chorus: Kanye West & Daft Punk]
N-Now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
(Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger)
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)
Right now!
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
(I need you right now!)
(I need you right now!)

[Bridge: Kanye West]
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya

[Outro]
Told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never told ya…told ya, told ya, told ya
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
(Harder, better, faster, stronger)
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
More than ever, hour after hour
Work is never over

[Intro]
Who dat, who dat?
Who dat, who dat?
Who dat, who dat?

[Verse 1]
Hey, who dat, who dat? That nigga you been waiting for
I mean the shit was all bad just a week ago
Rappers was bullshitting, fuck it I ain't hating though
Because now a nigga hot enough to fuck with one of Satan' hoes
And she can't tell the difference, I been through hell conditions
Wishing for air conditioning, feeling God was never listening
Now I'm on television, and did I fail to mention?
Your bitch is tired of missionary, boy you failed the mission
Speaking of positions just witness how I elevate it
Real niggas celebrate it, finger fuck whoever hate it
My life accelerated, but had to wait my turn
Then I redecorated, that mean my tables turned
Live life, might as well, only way to learn
Is try and fail, clientele the only way to earn
So if you're selling crack, or if you're selling rap
Make sure it's mean so them fiends keep on coming back

[Chorus]
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
So don't worry about my motherfucking name
I got them saying who dat, who dat? Cole World
Who dat, who dat? I got them saying
Who dat, who dat? Cole World
Who dat, who dat?

[Verse 2]
Hey, the mind state of a winner
When you thinking about summertime I'm thinking about the winter
When you thinking about breakfast I'm heating up my dinner
I was plotting this moment back when y'all was riding spinners
Yeah I'm a menace, God as my witness, with this pen I'm insane, yup
Hungry like the nigga who ain't got the taste of fame yet
Clown told me, “Ain't you Roc? But where the fuck your chain at?”
Guess it's something like your girl, nigga it ain't came yet
The man make the chain, chain don't make the man
How many niggas do we know with hella ice but yet they lame?
The cloth from which we came, me and them is not the same
It's like we all headed to Spain they took the boat I took the plane, damn
That boy's sick now hoes on his joystick
Heating up like May weather, dog I'm on that Floyd shit
Boy stick to your day job, said you was hot? Well, they lied
Is that your girl? Well, I just G'd her, no A-Rod

[Chorus]
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
So don't worry about my motherfucking name
I got them saying who dat, who dat? Cole World
Who dat, who dat? I got them saying
Who dat, who dat? Cole World
Who dat, who dat?

[Interlude: Andre 3000]
Now who else want to fuck with Hollywood Cole?

[Verse 3]
The little engine that could, this little nigga is good
Rappers claiming they sick, I heal niggas for good
A couple of y'all ain't took a field trip to the hood
And me? I'm fresh prince, I'm Will Smith to the hood
Baby, ain't saying names but we not the same
All the money and the fame don't change the fact that you lame
Might want to grab you a chain, want to tip up your hat
Might want to purchase some game, homey your shit is so wack
I got my finger on the trigger, tell that nigga, “hold that”
Want picture perfect baby you can check the Kodak
Hey, so anything you can do I can do better
And any chick you can screw I can get wetter
I'm young, black, gifted, live my life on the run
Bet your bottom dollar before I'm done
They say that I'm the one, ya nigga I'm the one
I got them saying

[Chorus]
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
Who dat, who dat? Bitch I got that flame
So don't worry about my motherfucking name
I got them saying who dat, who dat? Cole World
Who dat, who dat? I got them saying
Who dat, who dat? Cole World
Who dat, who dat?

[Chorus/Collision]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
Yeah
To take a stand (To take a stand)
It's been a ride
Everybody (Everybody)
I guess I had to
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
Go to that place to get to this one
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Now some of you
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Might still be in that place
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
If you're tryna get out
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road
Just follow me, I'll get you there

[Verse 1]
You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em
But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em
'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem
When I say I'ma do somethin', I do it, I don't give a damn what you think
I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world
Feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stoppin' me
I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably
And all those who look down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony
No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he
From Infinite down to the last Relapse album he's
Still shittin' whether he's on salary, paid hourly
Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him
Whichever comes first, for better or worse
He's married to the game
Like a "fuck you" for Christmas, his gift is a curse
Forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt
And fuck the whole universe

[Chorus]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

[Verse 2]
Okay, quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap
I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm for you to know it's a wrap
You said you was king, you lied through your teeth
For that, fuck your feelings
Instead of gettin' crowned, you're gettin' capped
And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back
I promise to never go back on that promise
In fact, let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was "ehh"
Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground
Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now
All I'm tryna say is get back, click-clack-blaow!
'Cause I ain't playin' around
There's a game called circle and I don't know how
I'm way too up to back down
But I think I'm still tryna figure this crap out
Thought I had it mapped out
But I guess I didn't, this fuckin' black cloud still follows me around
But it's time to exorcise these demons
These ma'fuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now

[Chorus]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

[Bridge]
And I just can't keep livin' this way
So startin' today
I'm breakin' out of this cage
I'm standin' up, I'ma face my demons
I'm mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground
I've had enough, now I'm so fed up
Time to put my life back together right now

[Verse 3]
It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me
Admittedly I probably did it subliminally for you
So I could come back a brand-new me
You helped see me through
And don't even realize what you did, 'cause believe me you
I've been through the wringer
But they can do little to the middle finger
I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of
My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers
And drop dead: no more beef lingers
No more drama from now on, I promise
To focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father
So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof like my daughters and raise it
You couldn't lift a single shingle on it
'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club
Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up
'Cause I'm raisin' the bar
I'd shoot for the moon, but I'm too busy gazin' at stars
I feel amazin', and I'm—

[Chorus]
I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid)
To take a stand (To take a stand)
Everybody (Everybody)
Come take my hand (Come take my hand)
We'll walk this road together, through the storm
Whatever weather, cold or warm
Just lettin' you know that you're not alone
Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road

[Produced by DJ Don Cannon]

[Intro: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ drops]
Yeah
AMG's the gang!
Dedication 2
Drama
Pay attention! (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ drops]
Howdy-do, motherfuckers, it's Weezy Baby
Niggas bitching and I gotta tote the (My nigga Don Cannon!)
Haha! Listen close, I got duct tape and rope (Oh!)
I leave you missing like the fucking O'bannons
One hand on my money, one hand on my buddy
That's the AK-47, make his neighborhood love me
Bullets like birds, you can hear them bitches humming
Don't let that bird shit, he got a weak stomach
Niggas know I'm sick: I don't spit, I vomit—got it?
One egg short of the omelet
Simon says: "Shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg
And tell him, 'Catch up,' like mayonnaise"; um—
I'm the sickest nigga doing it—bet that, baby
These other niggas dope; I'm wet crack, baby, yes!
Get back, get back, boy, this a setback
Clumsy-ass niggas slip and fall into a death trap
Them boys pussy, born without a backbone
And if you strapped, we can trade like the Dow Jones
Wet him up, I hope he got his towel on
I aim at the moon, and get my howl on
Some niggas cry wolf, I'm on that dry kush
And when it come to that paper, I stack books ha
You heard what I said
I can put you on your feet or put some money on ya head
Life ain't cheap, you better off dead if you can't pay the fee
Shout out my nigga Fee
See, every motherfucker at the door don't get a key
You're outside looking in, so tell me what you see
It's about money, it's bigger than me
I told my homies, "Don't kill him, bring the nigga to me" (Gangsta!)
Yeah, don't miss, you fucking with the hitman
Kidnap a nigga, make him feel like a kid again

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga, talk to the (Cannon!)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon!)
Yeah, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon!)
Yeah, straight up, I ain't got no conversation for you
Nigga, talk to the (Cannon!)
Yeah, have a few words with the (Cannon!)
Nigga, tell it to my motherfucking (Cannon!)

[Verse 2: Freeway]
From Philly to where I'm landing, I'm a (Cannon!)
And I'm on that Philly fighting shit, and I come fully equipped
You try me, get bodied, keep Nina and shotty in the whip
If a nigga try to stick me, I'ma blam him
Sing along now—"Di-di-dadi," I'm Free, got the burners
Got the green, he got the tan, got the whole enchilada
Owe me dough, I'm inside of your house, tie up your brother (Woo)
Make the prick call up your mother (Ugh), she might know where to find you, I am—
On top of my job, the heavyweight champ with the flow
It's flow like the ocean, open water, you're drowning, I will (Damn)
Four-pound him and seek him, heat him, then leave him stinking (Yuh)
Sharks surround him and eat him, nice to know him, I will— (Yeah)
Roll over your squad like I'm "One-Punch" Carr
You chumps, you best call General Motors, I will— (Ugh)
Take control of your soldiers, you won't miss 'em
'Til I toss em in the wok like chicken, General Tso, uh-oh!

[Verse 3: Willie the Kid]
I make it hard for rap niggas, I'm peer pressure (Yes)
Matter of fact I'm motivation to rap better (Yes)
I show niggas how to act, how to dress better
I stay fresh, more fitted caps than bad catchers (Woo)
I'm the crack, the smack, the gun, the rule
The gat, the strap, the gun, the tool
The motherfucking (Cannon!)
Other words, I'm the real, for real
We can go check for check or bill for bill
We can go chick for chick or skill for skill
The deal is sealed (Yes)
Niggas ain't real as Will, 'cause I'm a (Cannon!)
And I handle well, pedal like Cannondale
And I got the 50-cal' mag, its a handheld (Cannon!)
I'm telling you niggas, I pop, put a shell in you niggas (Oh)
My nice watch'll Helen Keller you niggas (Oh, oh)
I got whores in the Canon camcorder bendin' over
Blowing 'ghan by the quarter, weed odor in the Rover, nigga

[Verse 4: Detroit Red]
Yeah (Cannon!)
Detroit Red getting change like them white folks (Ha)
Dump it out the window of the Range with the rifle (Ha)
Pain like a bitch like the first day of a cycle (Ha)
You better scurry when I pull the (Cannon! Ha)
Tracks burn the streets like a truck do the gas
I love head and caressing a voluptuous ass (What else?)
I ask ya baby mama is she up to the task
She like "Damn Red, it's bigger than a (Cannon!)"
My attire makes the ladies say, "Your man is too fly" (What else?)
Imported oils from Iran and Dubai (What else?)
Get caught slipping with your mans, and you die
Where I'm from, niggas be quick to squeeze the (Cannon! Ha)
Detroit Red always got some shit for your ears
Show me love, but keep it moving, man, 'cause if you get near (Ha)
I'll say, "Get off my dick" and tell your bitch to come here
'Cause you sweating me and my DJ, Don (Cannon!)

[Verse 5: Juice]
Legs spread far out, you know how I'm standing
Yeah, I'm posted with the big homie (Cannon! Ha)
I got niggas who don't like rap loving our shit
We got niggas who was stuck on Pac bumping our shit
These niggas can't see me like I ain't been around lately
A good batter; when they at the mound, it's gravy
Niggas salty, I'm pepper, no Spinderella
Just a cigarillo filled with Tropicana
Yeah, Vic found that lick; now, we ain't smoking no more regular
Keep your mid-grade, I don't think you know no better
They loved "In Da Trunk"; now, they wanna hear more shit
I play it modest, like, "Nigga, that's some of our old shit"
Got niggas I ain't never met wanting to fight me
Got hoes that's in love, asking, "Why you don't like me?"
Bitch, I'm married to the game, and I love my wifey
Stepping over competition, man, I love these Nikes (Yeah)
I'm hot, they fanning
Niggas try to copy my style like the (Cannon! Ha)
Don't try to compare—I'm in a league of my own
If I ain't listed at the top, nigga, the stats is wrong
All the data is off, your info ain't valid
Artist of the century, the competition ain't balanced
True, like Master P and his two brothers
Don't call it incest, but Juice the motherfucker, like— geah!

[Outro: DJ Drama]
This what I'ma do!
From here on out, you can call me Mr. Game Seven!
Oh, yeah!
That was just preseason!
You thought we was playing for real?

[Verse 1]
Never have you seen in your lifetime
A more divine southern rapper with a swag like mine
Facin' all kinda time, but smile like I'm fine
Brag with such passion and shine without tryin'
Believe me, pain's a small thang to a giant
I was born without a dime, out the gutter, I climbed
Spoke my mind and didn't stutter one time
Ali say, "Even the greatest gotta suffer sometime"
So I huff and puff, rhymes, lyrics so sick wit it
Set the standard in Atlanta, how to get-get-get it
So you up-and-coming rappers wanna diss, just kill it
I'm officially the realest, point blank, period
Whether I still live in the hood or just visit
Whatever you can do in the hood, I done did it
That's why the dope boys and the misfits feel it
This still his city long as TIP livin', nigga

[Hook]
I ain't dead (nah!), I ain't done (nah!)
I ain't scared (of what?), I ain't run (from who?)
But still I stand (yeah) No matter what, people
Here I am, yeah, no matter what, remember
I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never)
They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know (haha!)
Here I go, yeah, no matter what shawty, here I go
No matter what, shawty

[Verse 2]
You let the blog sites and the magazines tell it
I'm sure to be in jail until 2027
Rather see me in the cell instead of this new McLaren
God will take you through Hell just to get you to Heaven
So even though it's heavy, the load I will carry
Grin and still bear it, win and still share it
Apologies to the fans, I hope you can understand it
Life can change your directions, even when you ain't planned it
All you can do is handle, worst thing you can do is panic
Use it to your advantage, avoid insanity, manage to conquer
Every obstacle, make impossible possible
Even when winning illogical, losing's still far from optional, and
Yeah, they wanna see you shot up in the hospital
But when life throw punches, block and counter like a boxer do
Been locked inside mi casa too long, I did a song
To make it known that the King lives on, pimpin'

[Hook]
I ain't dead (nah!), I ain't done (nah!)
I ain't scared (of what?), I ain't run (from who?)
But still I stand (yeah) No matter what, people
Here I am, yeah, no matter what, remember
I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never)
They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know (haha!)
Here I go, yeah, no matter what shawty, here I go
No matter what, shawty

[Verse 3]
Even in solitude, there's still no hotter dude
I show you how to do what you do, you ain't gotta clue
All you do is follow dude, sound like a lotta dudes
I'll weather whatever storm, make it out without a bruise
I understand why, now, with my hands tied
They take shots, cause if I'm out there it's a landslide
But revenge is best served as a cold dish
And suckas will get served, nigga, no shit
Guess it was understood, for me, it was over-with
But I don't quit, if you ain't noticed yet
They couldn't wait to say, "Goodnight, shawty"
So they could try to rhyme, act and look like shawty
Go get a beat from Toomp and make a hook like shawty
Before ya know it I'm back, what it look like, shawty?
I lost my partner and my daughter in the same year
Somehow I rise above my problems and remain here
Yeah, and I hope the picture painted clear
If your heart filled with faith, then you can't fear
Wonder how I face years and I'm still chillin'?
Easy, let go and let God deal with it

[Hook]
I ain't dead (nah!), I ain't done (nah!)
I ain't scared (of what?), I ain't run (from who?)
But still I stand (yeah) No matter what, people
Here I am, yeah, no matter what, remember
I ain't break (never), I ain't fold (never)
They hate me more (so?) Yeah I know (haha!)
Here I go, yeah, no matter what shawty, here I go
No matter what, shawty

[Intro: Mos Def]
La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da
Blap!

[Chorus: Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Driving around town, looking for the best spot
For the drunk and hot girls
Up in the club, look at here what we got
Some drunk and hot girls
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
Stop talking 'bout your boyfriend since he is not me
Stop running up my tab 'cause these drinks is not free
You drunk and hot girl

[Chorus: Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you
You drunk and hot girl
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru
You drunk and hot girl
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that?
You drunk and hot girl

[Chorus: Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

[Bridge: Mos Def]
Love, the dangerous necessity that people seek
Without regard to where they are
The human heart is curious above all things
Love, the lights are low, your eyes are bright
The music plays, it's sweet delight
It's out of sight, I'm feeling right
Your dress is tight
Oh, how, I want you right now

[Verse 3: Kanye West with Mos Def]
Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal
You drunk and hot girl
"Ah da da da da," That's how the fuck you sound
You drunk and hot girl, yeah
You only live once, do whatever you like
I thought I'd be with you for only one night
Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life
That drunk and hot girl

[Chorus: Kanye West with Mos Def]
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(A little sippy-sippy)
We gonna through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(Did she say she want a brewski?)
We go
Through too
Much shit
To mess
Mess with
These drunk
All of these drunk and hot girls

[Outro: Mos Def]
La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da
Blap!

[Chorus: Drake]
This shit was all I knew, you and me only
I did it all for you, still you were lonely
We could've worked it out, uh, but I guess things change
It's funny how someone else's success brings pain
When you're no longer involved, that person has it all
And you just stuck standin' there but
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby
Say-say something, baby
Say something, babe, say something
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby, ohh-whoa

[Verse 1: Timbaland]
Yeah, it really sucks, but ever since I’ve been long gone
I traded in my señorita for a microphone
I hate the way you fell apart, girl, it's sad to see
Your life is good, but me and you we a catastrophe
If I was unsuccessful, would you be satisfied?
I need a paramedic girl, I’m feeling paralyzed
If I could choose, you will always be a friend to me
The more money I made you acting like my enemy – it's crazy
I can’t help it if you feel ashamed
Thought the pressure would turn you into my diamond babe
How can something so familiar be so strange
Closest friends get estranged when the status change, ah
Is it my mistake, thinking that where I am and where you at?
And my homeboy Larry Live is the only one that had my back
You were the perfect pair and now it seems that we don’t match
Is it the money, want me to give it back?

[Chorus: Drake]
This shit was all I knew, you and me only
I did it all for you, still you were lonely
We could've worked it out, uh, but I guess things change
It's funny how someone else's success brings pain
When you're no longer involved, that person has it all
And you just stuck standin' there but
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby
Say-say something, baby
Say something, babe, say something
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby, ohh-whoa

[Verse 2: Drake]
Uh! I am the topic of conversation, this is celebration
Let's toast to the fact that I've moved out my mama's basement
To a condo downtown, 'cause it's all about location
I sit and drink wine and watch Californication, to life
You shoulda been here to kick it with me
We could have split this whole thing up 50/50
But now I'm at the 40/40 getting bitches tipsy
Killing shit, the ever-so talented Mr. Ripley
How I go from being the man that you argue with
To me and Dwayne Carter putting out the hardest shit
I should wanna go back to the one I started with
But I'm addicted to this life, it's gon' be hard to quit
Yeah, just ask me how things are coming along
You could tell me that you've never heard none of my songs
Long as you end up saying one day you plan to listen
'Cause what's a star when it's most important fan is missing?

[Chorus: Drake]
This shit was all I knew, you and me only
I did it all for you, still you were lonely
We could've worked it out, uh, but I guess things change
It's funny how someone else's success brings pain
When you're no longer involved, that person has it all
And you just stuck standin' there but
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby
Say-say something, baby
Say something, babe, say something
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby
I'm gon' need you to say something, baby, ohh-whoa

[Intro]
1 for the money, 2 for my jewelry game
3 for my luggage game (Dram' cruise!)Crazy luggage game Gucci
4 for shoes, 5 for my closet same size as your apartment
(Mr. Thanksgiving!) Well damn Gucci!
(Pay attention!)

[Verse 1]
So Icey the pharmacist, coca leaves like Sosa
I shoot you just like Tony
When homey knocked his sister down
Scarface Gucci: my life’s a motion picture
Gucci Tarantino, Casino, Gucci Pacino
I’m Gucci Mane Soprano, more keys than a grand pianoWatching Blow, thinking George'll look out for Diego
I’m smoking on that color purple, working like I’m Harpo
Feeling just like Smokey felt when Craig beat shit out Debo
Call me Gucci Watch Me, freeze me, save me, watch me: TiVo
Your album came out, I rated it "worst". Response: I hated it
Boyz In The Hood, got juice and rock jewelry
Cars "Fast And Furious", shout out to my boy Ludacris
Supafly, High School Higher Than an Eagle eye
I think that they should legalize, my flow stronger than turpentine
Trafficking like Bailey, bricks coming across the border line
Bust a brick, he tell her: "Sniff", then she say that: "It’s party time"
It’s frightening and scary so they say I've got a horror mind
Gucci Mane not Stephen King but my car crazy like Christine
Rolls - Mary's baby born young and broke in 1980
Black and broke I’m thugging crazy, made it hard for mom to raise me
Set it off, Dead Presidents, hop out the trash can painted faces
Eddie Murphy: Trading Places
Sanford Son, Gucci Mane
But you can call me Shady Grady
Haha Gangsta Grillz you bastard, Gucci Mane will be your Daddy

[Hook]
I live in a TV, I live in a TV
It’s Gucci Mane La Flare, I live my life in a TV
Tell me, do you hear me lady?
I know that you see me, Baby
I live in a TV, I live in a TV

[Verse 2]
Picture me posing in your plasma
Don’t you think I’m handsome? There’s no need to answer
My watch is so handsome; better yet attractive
Hoes think it’s cute but my money got my pants sagging
I’m international and I’m icy like your baby daddy
No, I’m 10 times icier than your daddy
Tell your boy the truth: that his daddy is a faggot
Only reason that you had him was for your fucking taxes

[Verse 1 - Young Jeezy]
Ah, ah, oh my God
All this for me, I must be on my job
First album was a classic, never got an award
Took my first 10 grand and bought a Honda Accord
And then I pack them thangs inside the Honda Accord
And put them on a highway and watch the Honda Accord
"Excuse me engineer, hope you pressing record"
And on behalf of the streets, I just can't be ignored
I stay in all black just like a new Glock
All the broads screaming like they just seen 2Pac
Say his earrings 'bout as big as his ego
Keep a fresh bald head like he just left chemo
This ain't even mine, this is Lupe's single
And every time I watch The Wire, it's like I just left B-More
Call me Marlo, come be my Snoopy
Superstar, baby, why wouldn't you do me

[Hook 1 - Mathew Santos]
If you are what you say you are
A superstar
Then have no fear
The camera's here
And the microphones
And they wanna know

[Verse 2 - Lupe Fiasco]
You on your 15th minute of fame and on the 16th
Beginith the lame, and on 17 you lose everything
The 21st is the worst, wishing you was 11
Popping like you was 7 with the feeling when you was seconds
Reminiscing when you was just in
Now you just him, no longer the trend they dressin'
Now you wondering where all the press went
You no longer impress them
Get arrested, paparazzi will press then
I fell on purpose to stay a freshman
I lose, but Lu attend the school for X-Men
So when I get my cap and gown and put the rapping down
I'll only know half my powers, but I spent half an hour
Like a senior citizen, having a baby shower
Haters wanna budget, but my fans still love it
So you can ask them exactly who I are
Nine weeks at number one, I'm a superstar

[Hook 2 - Matthew Santos]
If you are what you say you are
A superstar
Then have no fear
The crowd is here
And the lights are on
And they want a show

[Verse 3 - T.I.]
OK now, Anyone who know me, they know me to ride
But when the shit was selling slow, it's just my homies and I
Had to get rid of all the phonies and the homies's disguise
So you speaking and I don't reply, homie, don't be surprised
You ain't gotta ride for me, I ain't asked you to
Take a journey on my own, I would gladly do
You go and turn around, now, I call the cab for you
I stand up on my own two, he kissed a ass of who
No way, Jose, we pop Rose, blow dro, that's more than okay
See but don't say, my folks they flip, more yay than Cirque Du Soleil
Keyser Söze, oh they, kill people and get off like O.J
You catch your case, just shut your face, don't get caught singing do-re
Mi-fa-so-la-ti-do, ghetto hero, G Code. I obey
He's so gay. Didn't have no business hanging 'round me, no way
It's okay, life lesson learned, I suggest that you go your way
I be straight, no conversation, man, this all I'm gon say

[Hook 3 - Matthew Santos]
If you are what you say you are
A ghetto superstar
Then have no fear
Cause the gangsters here
And I'm gonna blow the dro
You already know

[Verse 4: Young Jeezy]
Wishing it would stop raining, just finished slanging
Rap ain't selling but I'm still maintaining
Tryna to keep changing, same old shows
Rich get richer and the broke get poor
Q did for came back game swoll
Now Jimmy locked up with 9 months to go
A nigga named slow used to get money fast
Lil' David has a Cadillac I wish I had
Young B got killed, now we miss Big Wrath
When homicide came, guess who they grabbed
I remember Rico everywhere we go
He would pay the DJ just to let me flow
Everything we know, we get it from these streets
Can't wait 'til the day Lil Bud released
Now my sister in jail and my brother is too
In case you wanna know what my mother going through

[Hook - Matthew Santos]
If you are what you say you are
A ghetto superstar
Then have no fear
Cause the gangsters here
And I'm gonna blow the dro
You already know

[Verse 5: Young Jeezy]
I met this lady she said she my auntie
Never got to meet her cause my daddy didn't want me
The light bill due and the water bill late
Time got her, got a little girl yesterday
Just made 

[?] and he right back in there
Get him out. What he did? I don't even care
Yeah, he got popped when his kids was around
Took his to Chuck-E-Cheese and got gunned down
Now he on the run, hope he never get caught
Charges he facing was not his fault
The police shot the wife, he got a lawsuit
Hit him in his arm for nothing, what would y'all do?
My niece Tina ran away from the group home
I'm tryna get custody, it's taking 'em too long
So if you didn't see me in the video with 50
Just know I'm in the ghetto, somewhere in my city

[Hook - Matthew Santos]
If you are what you say you are
A ghetto superstar
Then have no fear
Cause the gangsters here
And I'm gonna blow the dro
You already know

[Intro: Trey Songz]
The money (Money), cars (Cars)
The clothes (Clothes), the hoes
I suppose
Yeah

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
I want the money (Money), money and the cars
Cars and the clothes (Clothes), the hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful

[Verse 1: Drake]
Drizzy
Aw yeah, Trey, I fuckin' feel ya
They be starin' at the money like it's unfamiliar
I get it, I live it, to me there's nothin' realer
Just enough to solve your problems, too much'll kill ya
And when I leave, I always come right back here
The young spitter that everybody in rap fear
A lot of y'all are still soundin' like last year
The game need change and I'm the motherfuckin' cashier
Nickels for my thoughts, dimes in my bed
Quarters of the kush shape the lines in my head
Take my verses too serious, you'll hate me
'Cause I'm the one to paint a vivid picture, no HD
Yeah, I want it all, that's why I strive for it
Diss me, you'll never hear a reply for it
Any award show or party, I get fly for it
I know that it's comin', I just hope that I'm alive for it

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
I want the money (Money), money and the cars
Cars and the clothes (Clothes), the hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful

[Verse 2: Drake]
Yeah, I want things to go my way
But as of late, a lot of shit been goin' sideways
And my mother tried to run away from home
But I left something in the car and so I caught her in the driveway
And she cried to me, so I cried too
And my stomach was soakin' wet, she only 5'2"
And 40, that was all before I showed up
And brought a thousand dollars worth of drinks and got poured up
Damn, my reality just set in
And even when the Phantom's leased, them hoes wanna get in
I do a lot of things hopin' I never have to fit in
So tryna keep up with my progress, it's like a dead-end
My girl love me, but fuck it, my heart beats slow
And right now the tour bus is lookin' like a freak show
And life change for us every single week, so
It's good, but I know this ain't the peak though 'cause I want the:

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
I want the money (Money), money and the cars
Cars and the clothes (Clothes), the hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful

[Interlude]
Alright well, um, alright. We... we'll fuckin' figure it out. You know what you—you know what you're doin' with it, you know, makin' it to the top. All the way to the top. Yeah, you do it for the money, and not the honey, you know what I'm sayin'? You know what I'm sayin'?

[Verse 3: Drake]
Wise words from a decent man
Back when I was trying to put a ring on Alisha hand
This lost boy got fly without Peter Pan
And my delivery just got me buzzin' like the pizza man
In-person I am everything and more
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before
But inside I'm treadin' water, steady tryna swim to shore
I'm on a shopping spree to get whatever is in store
Yeah, just call me "Shoppin' Bag Drizzy"
Or call me Mr. "Damn, he ain't coppin' that, is he?"
And fans of the freshman is about to get iffy
While this youngin that you doubted is about to get busy
I'ma kill it, I promise, that's how I know you're mad
I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads
The big homie, use a flash if you must
And I swear I ain't askin' for much, all I want is the...

[Chorus: Trey Songz & Drake]
Yeah, I want the money (Money), money and the cars
Cars and the clothes (Clothes), the hoes
I suppose
I just wanna be (Yeah), I just wanna be successful (That's all I want, man)
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful (You gotta tell 'em, Trey)
I just wanna be, I just wanna be successful

[Interlude: Drake]
Yeah, it's like I, it's like I know what I gotta say
I just don't know... how to say it... to you

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Uh, pardon the swag, but bitch, it's Car-tey
Long bread, I don't eat shortcake, how come I can't
Miss a woman like I can't miss court dates
Cheese, but she's not in this portrait
And yeah, life's fine, but I don't portray
I'm on the other side, but it is a short gate
I don't want the glow, I want the glo-ray
And I'ma fuck the world, but this is just foreplay
Tired of hearin' bullshit, bring on the cow shit
Haven't met a smell that's stinkier than our shit
And that's word to Toronto
So high up, I got birds in the condo
Ha, ain't that a female dog?
Ask her who I am to her, and she yell, "God"
Weezy Baby, I go re-al hard
No further details, boy

[Intro: Rose Stewart]
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey

[Verse 1: MCA, Mike D, Ad Rock, All]
Riddle me this, my brother, can you handle it?
Your style to my style, you can't hold a candle to it
Equinox symmetry and the balance is right
Smokin' and drinkin' on a Tuesday night
It's not how you play the game, it's how you win it
I cheat and steal and sin, and I'm a cynic
For those about to rock, we salute you
The dirty thoughts for dirty minds we contribute to
I once was lost, but now I'm found
The music washes over, and you're one with the sound
Well, who shall inherit the earth? The meek shall
And, yo, I think I'm starting to peak now, Al
And then the man upstairs, well, I hope that he cares
If I had a penny for my thoughts, I'd be a millionaire
We're just three emcees, and we're on the go
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego!

[Chorus: Sly Stone, Rose Stewart]
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shad— Hey, hey
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey-yeah, hmm

[Verse 2: MCA, Mike D, Ad Rock, All]
Only twenty-four hours in a day
Only twelve notes, well, a man can play
Music for all, but not just one people
And now we're gonna bust with the Putney Swope sequel
More Adidas sneakers than a plumber's got pliers
Got more suits than Jacoby & Meyers (Wow)
If not for my vices, and my bugged-out desires
My year would be good just like Goodyear's tires
'Cause I'm out picking pockets at the Atlantic Antic
And nobody wants to hear you because your rhymes are damn frantic
I mix business and pleasure way too much
You know, wine and women and song and such
I don't get blue, I got a mean red streak
You don't pay the band, your friends, yo, that's weak
Get even like Steven (Even) like pulling a Rambo
Well, Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego! (You know)

[Chorus: Sly Stone, Rose Stewart, (Ad-Rock)]
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego (-no)
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shad— Hey, hey
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey-yeah, hmm

[Verse 3: MCA, Mike D, Ad Rock, All]
Steal from the rich, and I'm out robbing banks
Givin' to the poor, and I always give thanks
Because I've got more stories than J.D.'s got Salinger
I hold the title, and you are the challenger
I've got money like Charles Dickens
I've got the girlies in the Coupe like the Colonel's got the chickens
And I'm always going out dapper like Harry S. Truman
I'm madder than Mad's Alfred E. Newman
(Newman)

[Break: Sly Stone, Ballin' Jack]
(Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego)
(Shad—)
(Oh, never gonna let 'em say that I don't love you)
(Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego)
(Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego)

[Verse 4 MCA, Mike D, Ad Rock, All, (Sample)]
Well, my noggin is hoggin' all kinds of thoughts
And Adam Yoggin is Yauch, and he's rockin' of course, wow
Smoke the holy chalice, got my own religion
Rally round the stage and check the funky dope musicians
Like Jerry Lee Swaggart or Jerry Lee Falwell
You love Mario Andretti cause he always drives his car well
Vicious circle of reality since the day you were born
And we love the hot butter (Say what?) The popcorn
Sippin' on wine and mackin'
Rockin' on the stage with all the hands clappin' (Yeah)
Ride the wave of fate, it don't ride me, Homes
(Being very proud to be an emcee)
And then the man upstairs, well, I hope that he cares
If I had a penny for my thoughts, I'd be a millionaire
Amps and crossovers under my rear hood
Because the bass is bumping from the back of my Fleetwood
They tell us what to do? Hell no!
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego!

[Chorus: Sly Stone, (Ad-Rock)]
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego (-no)
Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego
Shad—

[Outro: Rose Stewart]
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey
Ah-ha-yeah-hey

[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 1]
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo?
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Ayo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you gon' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well, I got homies
But in the end, it's still so lonely

[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 2]
How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You're bringin' out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we wasn't gon' speak so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone?
Why do she be so mad at me fo'?
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
‘Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me

[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk (Me)
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Bridge]
Talk and talk and talk and talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know 'bout me and you
So I got somethin' new to see
And you just gon' keep hatin' me
And we just gon' be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight into the night

[Chorus]
In the night, I hear 'em talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless? (How, how?)
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Outro]
On and on and on and on
And on and, and on and on and on

[Verse 1: Drake & Bun B]
I said, "Tell me what's really goin' on"
Drizzy back up in this thing, I'm ready, what's hannenin'?
Gone for surgery but now I'm back again
I'm 'bout my paper like a motherfuckin' scratch-and-win
World Series attitude, champagne bottle life
Nothin' ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night
I will have a model wife, yo' bitch is as hot as ice
Every time you see me, I look like I hit the lotto twice
Drake, you got 'em, right? Yeah, I got 'em, Bun
I love myself 'cause I swear their life is just not as fun
Neeks got the weed, Hush got a gun
CJ got my credit cards and a lot of ones
Yeah, I'm in the city of the purple Sprite
Someone tell Maliah I'm on fire, she should work tonight
Call up King of Diamonds and tell Chyna it'd be worth the flight
I'll be at my table, stackin' dollars to the perfect height
Work somethin', twerk somethin', basis
She just tryna make it so she right here gettin' naked
I don't judge her, I don't judge her but I could never love her
'Cause to her I'm just a rapper and soon she'll have met another
That's why me and Lil Jaz 'bout to spaz, can you keep up?
I'm just feelin' sorry for whoever gotta sweep up
Yeah, bills everywhere, trill everything
And Drake just stand for Do Right And Kill Everything
I love Nicki Minaj, I told her I'd admit it
I hope one day we get married just to say we fuckin' did it
And girl, I'm fuckin' serious, I'm wit' it if you wit' it
'Cause yo' verses turn me on and yo' pants are mighty fitted
Ugh, damn! I think you caught me in a moment
Like I catch 'em stealin' flows 'cause I swear I never loaned it
And life ain't a rehearsal, the camera's always rollin'
So come and get a portion of this money that we blowin'
'Cause it's on

[Chorus: Drake]
Yeah, girl, it's on
You know what it is when I finally make it home
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone
Yeah I hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone
And you just tell me what you down for, anything you down for
I know things have changed, know I used to be around more
But you should miss me a little when I'm gone
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone, gone, gone

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Ooh, shit, motherfucker, God damn
Kickin' bitches out the condo like Pam
Gettin' money every day, I'm a groundhog
'Bout to scoop ya girl up like a ground ball
I walk light so I don't piss the ground off
Man, I swear, my bitches do it 'til they suck the brown off
Ew, that's nasty
Yes, I am Weezy but I ain't asthmatic
James Bond cologne, honey I put on
Make 'em run and tell they friends like a marathon
Voice baritone, haters carry on
Beat the pussy up, call me Larry Holmes
Young Money's Jerry Sloan, I turn every stone
When she masturbate to me, that's how she learn every song
To the women I condone, better write me when I'm gone
No, I'm not that thuggish, not that ruggish but I do pack Bone
Uh, I'm a love machine
And I won't work for nobody but you
It's only me and her 'cause the Bugatti a coupe
It's Blood gang, slime, but I parlay with Snoop
I ain't lyin', I shoot, you don't need signs for proof
Turn you to a vegetable like you lyin' in soup
And when I'm in the booth, bitch, the lion is loose
Man, I got so many styles, I am a group
Ha ha, damn! I'll be gone 'til November
But fuck it, I ain't trippin', I know Drizzy gon' kill 'em
I'm stickin' to the script like lint on denim
Momma said "If the rules ain't bent, don't bend 'em"
Real nigga talkin' – shut the fuck up, ho!
Gotta do it one time for Haiti – what up, Zo?
Weezy F. Baby and the F is for Front Do'
'Cause that's where I brang it
Soo-woo if you bangin', motherfucker!

[Chorus: Drake]
Yeah, girl, it's on
You know what it is when I finally make it home
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone
Yeah I hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone
And you just tell me what you down for, anything you down for
I know things have changed, know I used to be around more
But you should miss me a little when I'm gone
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone, gone, gone

[Outro: Drake]
Uh, yeah, forever in our hearts
JJ, we love you boy—H-Town!
I’m gone, I’m gone, when I’m gone
I’m gone, I’m gone, when I’m gone
I just hope that you miss me, miss me
Miss me, miss me
Miss me a little when I’m gone
Miss me a little when I’m gone, gone, gone
Oh-woah, oh-woah, oh-woah

[Intro: Wiz Khalifa]
Searching for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Say that it's love, but to me it's looking counterfeit
I get done with one, and move right on to another bitch (Ha)

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Yeah, college-educated, she graduated
Any bill she can't front, her parents paid it
The show was far, you the only one with a car
And your girlfriends, but being that she's a big fan, of course she made it
Most girls wanna hide the fact that the thrill, they chase it
But you, just wanna get drunk tonight and fuck someone famous
So I just name a time and a place and your game for it
Value player, hotel room, meet you there

[Bridge: Empire of the Sun & Wiz Khalifa]
Walking on a dream
How can I explain
Talking to myself (Just travellin' the world)
Will I see again? (Trying different drugs and girls)

[Chorus: Empire of the Sun & Wiz Khalifa]
(Yeah) We are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it
Always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it
On and on and on we are calling out and out again
Never looking down, I'm just in awe of what's in front of me

[Post-Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
And I'm addicted to champagne (Champagne)
Fuck the room, we buy the whole wing (Whole wing)
Bitches I Taylor Gang that (Taylor Gang that)
They just wanna know where the planes at (Planes at)
Yeah, uhh

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Wake up drunk, go to sleep fucked up (Fucked up)
We both amazed at what we just done (Just done)
Mixing drinks, knowing we'll regret this (Regret this)
Ain't been asleep yet, room service bringing us breakfast (Breakfast)
All this money, darling, what else is left to do
But smoke and enjoy my presidential view
Got a swimming pool in my livin' room
On stage, interviews, tons of sour, let's consume (Let's consume)

[Chorus: Empire of the Sun & Wiz Khalifa]
We are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it (Yeah)
Always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it (Bitch, okay)
On and on and on we are calling out and out again (Yeah, yeah)
Never looking down, I'm just in awe of what's in front of me

[Post-Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
And I'm addicted to champagne (Champagne)
Fuck the room, we buy the whole wing (Whole wing)
Bitches I Taylor Gang that (Taylor Gang that)
They just wanna know where the planes at

[Post-Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
And I'm addicted to champagne (Champagne)
Fuck the room, we buy the whole wing (Whole wing)
Bitches I Taylor Gang that (Taylor Gang that)
They just wanna know where the planes at (Planes at)

[Bridge 2: Empire of the Sun & Wiz Khalifa]
Catch me, I'm fallin' down (Yeah, that's what it is)
Catch me, I'm fallin' down (Until I drop the next one)

[Post-Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
And I'm addicted to champagne (Champagne)
Fuck the room, we buy the whole wing (Whole wing)
Bitches I Taylor Gang that (Taylor Gang that)
They just wanna know where the planes at

[Post-Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
And I'm addicted to champagne (Champagne)
Fuck the room, we buy the whole wing (Whole wing)
Bitches I Taylor Gang that (Taylor Gang that)
They just wanna know where the planes at (Planes at)

[Outro: Empire of the Sun]
Catch me, I'm fallin' down
Catch me, I'm fallin' down

[Intro]
Yeah
You are now tuned in to W.E.E.D
I am your host, Mr. EZ Rider, ya dug?
Always rollin' up back to back
But right now we gon' take you on a smooth ride
Straight outta the 412
My man Wiz Khalifa here
Something y'all can all sing along to

[Verse 1]
I be rolling
Riding
Oh so fly
I be so, so high
She see I'm that guy you wanna ride with
Like my car? Get inside it
You excited?
I don't blame you
Everywhere I go, all them hoes act the same too
I don't wanna date you
I just wanna take you home
And do somethin' grown folks can relate to
You think I'mma play you?
I would hate to
Long as you stay cool
We should be straight, boo
Bitch, I'm a straight fool
No I can't lie
Don't let a day go by where I ain't high
Pump your brake lights
That means slow it down
Know who I is
And now it's 'bout to go down
You wanna roll now?
Well, let's ride out
Right now
I'll show you what I'm 'bout

[Hook]
Try to front when you see me in the club
Bitch, you know who I am
Gettin' weeded with a pocket full of dubs
I bet you know who I am
They be runnin' up and showin' all this love
'Cause they know who I am
Didn't notice it, but now you're goin' nuts
'Cause you know who I am

[Verse 2]
I be caking
Making
All this money
Look honey
I ain't faking
Say that you taken
That's cool with me
'Cause you and your boyfriend
Ain't got shit to do with me
Truthfully
Real talk
I pimp hard
She tell them lames get lost
Bottles of Patron
Good green in my cigar
See you and your girls
Watching me and my niggas
Now that your with us
If not Wiz
Young fuckin' rap star
I just get it how I live
This ain't the first time
That you heard about Wiz
So how are you feelin' me?
Don't front and act like it is
Say you ain't the type to just
Let anyone pound
Just letting me come 'round
Now she a bus down
Feeling my convo?
Then mami let's ride out
Right now
I'll show you what I'm 'bout

[Hook]
Try to front when you see me in the club
Bitch, you know who I am
Gettin' weeded with a pocket full of dubs
I bet you know who I am
They be runnin' up and showin' all this love
'Cause they know who I am
Didn't notice it, but now you're goin' nuts
'Cause you know who I am

[Intro: Haddaway, Eminem, & Lil Wayne]
Love, love
Love, love, love

[Mumbling chorus]
Don't hurt me
Don't hurt me no more
Young Money, yeah
No more
Love

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne & Haddaway]
Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower
But it's "Fuck the world," get a child out her
Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her
Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (No love)
I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour
Married to the game, but she broke her vows
That's why my bars are full of broken bottles
And my nightstands are full of open Bibles
Uh, I think about more than I forget
But I don't go around fire expectin' not to sweat
And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed
Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg
Money outweighin' problems on a triple beam
I'm stickin' to the script, you niggas skippin' scenes
Uh, be good or be good at it
Fuckin' right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic
Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say
I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away
Man, I'll come down in a couple of days
Okay, you want me up in the cage?
Then I'll come out in beast mode
I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code
It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode
All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole
So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down
No love lost, no love found

[Chorus: Eminem, Lil Wayne, Both, & (Haddaway)]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Yeah)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
That's right, it don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
You showed me nothing but hate (Haha!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around (Yeah)
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (No more)
Get 'em!

[Verse 2: Eminem, Lil Wayne, & Both]
I'm alive again, more alive than I have been
In my whole entire life, I can (Yeah)
See these people's ears perk up as I begin to spaz with the pen
Uh, I'm a little bit sicker than most
Shit's finna get thick again, they say the competition is stiff
But I get a hard dick from this shit, now stick it in
I ain't never giving in again (Yeah)
Caution to the wind, complete freedom
Look at these rappers, how I treat 'em
So why the fuck would I join 'em when I beat 'em? (Yeah!)
They call me a freak, 'cause I like to
Spit on these pussies 'fore I eat 'em (Haha)
Man, get these wack cocksuckers off stage!
Where the fuck is Kanye when you need him? (Oh!)
Snatch the mic from 'em, bitch, I'ma let you finish in a minute
Yeah, that rap was tight, but I'm (Yeah!)
'Bout to spit the greatest verse of all time
So you might want to go back to the lab tonight and, um (Yeah!)
Scribble out them rhymes you were gonna spit
And start over from scratch and write new ones
But I'm afraid that it ain't gonna make no difference
When I rip this stage and tear it in half tonight
It's an adrenaline rush to feel the bass thump
From the place all the way to the parking lot, fellow
Set fire to the mic and ignite the crowd (Yeah)
You can see the sparks from hot metal (Yeah)
Cold-hearted, from the day I Bogarted
The game, my soul started to rot, fellow (Yeah)
When I'm not even in my harshest
You can still get roasted, ‘cause Marsh is not mellow
'Til I'm topplin' from the top, I'm not gonna stop
I'm standin' on my Monopoly board (Uh)
That means I'm on top of my game
And it don't stop 'til my hip don't hop anymore (Shit)
When you're so good that you can't say it
‘Cause it ain't even cool for you to sound cocky anymore (Shit)
People just get sick ‘cause you spit
These fools can't drool or dribble a drop anymore (Ow!)
And you can never break my stride (Nope)
You'll never slow the momentum at any moment
I'm 'bout to blow, you'll never take my pride
Killin' the flow, slow venom
And the opponent is gettin' no mercy, mark my words
Ain't lettin' up, relentless, I smell blood
I don't give a fuck, keep givin' them hell
Where was you when I fell and needed help up?
You get no love

[Chorus: Eminem, Lil Wayne, Both, & (Haddaway)]
It's a little too late to say that you're sorry now (Uh)
You kicked me when I was down
But what you say just don't (Hurt me)
Yeah, that's right, it don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get no (Love)
You showed me nothing but hate (Yeah!)
You ran me into the ground
But what comes around goes around
And I don't need you (Don't hurt me)
That's right, you don't (Hurt me)
And I don't need you (No more)
Don't wanna see you
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love) No! (No love)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)
No! (No love) No! (No love)
And I don't need you (No more)
Ha, bitch, you get (No love)

[Intro]
May I have your attention, please?
May I have your attention, please?
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up?
We're gonna have a problem here...

[Verse 1]
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (Agh!)
It's the return of the "Oh, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?"
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots!
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (Ha ha!)
Feminist women love Eminem
"Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who," "Yeah, but he's so cute though"
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips"
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course, they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they?
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—

[Chorus]
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Verse 2]
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records (Nope)
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too!
You think I give a damn about a GRAMMY?
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
"But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird?"
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here?
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears?
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear 'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
"Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee"
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD (Agh!)
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Verse 3]
I'm like a head trip to listen to, 'cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than ninety percent of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: "How can kids eat up these albums like Valiums?"
It's funny, 'cause at the rate, I'm going, when I'm thirty
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, "I don't give a fuck!"
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up?
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go?

[Chorus]
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up?

[Outro]
Ha ha, I guess there's a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let's all stand up!

[Produced by Dr. Dre & Mel-Man]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like
And right now, there's a steel knife in my windpipe
I can't breathe, but I still fight while I can fight
As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight
High off her love, drunk from her hate
It's like I'm huffin' paint and I love her, the more I suffer, I suffocate
And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me
She fuckin' hates me, and I love it — "Wait!
Where you going?" — "I'm leaving you!" — "No, you ain't!
Come back!" — We're runnin' right back, here we go again
It's so insane, 'cause when it's goin' good, it's goin' great
I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane
But when it's bad, it's awful, I feel so ashamed
I snapped, "Who's that dude?", I don't even know his name
I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again
I guess I don't know my own strength

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You ever love somebody so much you can barely breathe when you're with 'em?
You meet, and neither one of you even know what hit 'em
Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah, them chills, used to get 'em
Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em?
You swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothin' to hurt 'em
Now you're in each other's face
Spewin' venom in your words when you spit 'em
You push, pull each other's hair, scratch, claw, bit 'em
Throw 'em down, pin 'em
So lost in the moments when you're in 'em
It's the rage that took over, it controls you both
So they say you're best to go your separate ways
Guess that they don't know ya
'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over
It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over
But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint
You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game
But you lied again
Now you get to watch her leave out the window
Guess that's why they call it window pane

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Now, I know we said things, did things that we didn't mean
Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine
But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me
When it comes to love you're just as blinded, baby, please
Come back, it wasn't you, baby, it was me
Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano
All I know is I love you too much to walk away though
Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk
Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk?
Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball
Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the drywall
Next time? There won't be no next time!
I apologize, even though I know it's lies
I'm tired of the games, I just want her back, I know I'm a liar
If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again, I'ma tie her
To the bed and set this house on fire, just gonna—

[Chorus: Rihanna & Eminem]
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn?
Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry?
Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie
I love the way you lie

[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Intro]
'Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name, so on the
Biggest stage, they came to see you spit your game, oh-woah
But it shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again, you hate the fame, love the game
Cold as ice you remain, fuck 'em all
Tell 'em all eat shit, here we go again

[Bridge]
Oh! (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum) (Yeah, yup, yeah)
God damn! (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du)
Is it that time again already? (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum)
Haha (Okay) (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du)
Y'all don't look too happy to see me (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum)
Fuck, man (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du)
Don't everybody welcome me back at once (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum)
A'ight, fuck y'all then (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum)

[Verse 1]
You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch, dog—fall back, you mutts!
Fuck your worms, you've never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it, a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mummy
And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up, trick, yummy
Bitch, you don't fuckin' think I know that you suck dick, dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit, honey
Yeah, I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny
Shorty, dance, while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah, struck a nerve, sucker
Motherfucker, might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker
The shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off
Now I'm shittin' and pissin' on everybody, give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So puff the Buddha, light a bong, but take a look at Mariah
Next time I inspire you to write a song—come on!

[Chorus]
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why, man, I just don't know
Know-know-know, know-know, know

I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
Blow-blow-blows
Blow-blow, blows, oh, oh-oh

[Verse 2]
Fuck it, I'm a loose cannon, Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Y'all are sittin' ducks, I'm the only goose standin'
I'll set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around
Motherfucker, I'll saw you pussy-footin'
I'll kick a bitch in the cunt 'til it makes a queef and sounds like a fuckin' whoopee cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin'?
You musta mistook me for some sissy soft punk lookin' for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead, fuckin' hater, push me!
I told you ain't no fuckin' way to shush me, call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up, sissy, G's up, all you gardeners freeze up
Put your hoes down, "Shady, ease up!
Man, chill!" Nah, I can't, goddamn it, rap is a landfill
Drop the anvil, these are shoes that you can't fill
Shit, the day that happens the world will stop spinnin'
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a standstill (Woo!)
During an earthquake, urine in your face
'Cause you're fake- (*lightning noise*) Ow! What the fuck? That hurt, wait!
(*Lightning noise*) Ow! What the fuck? I just got struck by lightnin'
Alright then, I quit, God, I give up
Call it evil that men do, Lord, forgive me for what my pen do
"This is for your sins, I'll cleanse you
And you can repent, but I'll warn you, if you continue
To Hell I'll send you" And just then the wind blew
And I said...

[Chorus]
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why, man, I just don't know
No-no-no, no-no, no
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
Blow-blow-blows
Blow-blow, blows, oh, oh-oh-oh, oh

[Verse 3]
How long will I be this way? Shady until my dyin' day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
"So long," 'til then, I'll drop the fuckin' bombs
Like I missed the pass when I went long
If you don't like it, you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song
"Oh, bitches don't like that", homie, I'll be nicer to women
When Aquaman drowns and the Human Torch starts swimmin'
Man, I'm a cold soul, I roll solo, so, don't compare
Me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums, yeah
I'm bananas, pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with Auto-Tune
The last thing you want to do is have me spit out a rhyme
And say, "I was writing this and I thought of you"
So...

[Chorus]
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why, man, I just don't know
No-no-no, no-no, no
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
Blow-blow-blows
Blow-blow, blows, oh, oh-oh-oh, oh

[Outro]
I don't know, I don't know what caused
I don't know what caused me to be this way
I don't know, I don't know
But I'll probably be this way 'til my dyin' day
I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold
Mean things I don't mean to say
I guess this is how you made me

[Verse]
OK, No Ceilings, motherfucker, good morning
Dick in your mouth while you're yawning, I'm going in
Gudda, why they started me? Marley, why they started me?
I bring it to your front door like you ordered me
Back in this bitch, but a lot more rich
On my Papa Bear shit, need hot porridge
Got a lot more shit than you can ever fathom
A big-head nigga couldn’t even imagine
The shit I do, most doers never done
I'ma fuck this beat, you bitch, ooh, you better cum
Bet I run this shit, I don't run from shit
I still b—beat your ass like a fucking drumstick
Weezy Fucking Baby, baby, make the ladies come quick
The money can’t fit in my pockets, but I bet that gun fit
And I’m so unfit 'cause all I eat is rappers
And these rappers ain't shit, I like my fast food faster
Syrup got me slow like a turtle 'round this ho
And I'm flyer than the highest-flying bird around this ho
What's the word around this ho? You get served around this ho
Yeah, you get served like a fucking hors d'œuvre around this ho
I don’t splurge around no ho, no, I don’t shine in front of no bitch
'Cause after she get off my dick, I be like "Find the front door, bitch"
I don't know why in the fuck your bitch keep coming by
I done fucked your bitch a hundred times
What the fuck your bitch got on her mind? My fucking dick
I call her "dickhead," spicy like a Big Red
Strike you like a Bic head—your flow sick? My shit dead
Sillier than V.I.C. said, Soulja Boy and Arab
You should see my eleven-year-old daughter do they dance
I call it the Nae-Nae dance, proud to be Nae-Nae’s dad
Gun on the waistline, leave you in the wasteland
We are not the same, I am a Martian, this is Space Jam
No Ceilings, R.I.P., Amen
Motherfucking caveman, beating on my chest
Young Money, Cash Money, and I'm eating all the rest
Nigga, no offense, sorry if you're offended
Riding high like I'm on 54 inches
Man, I'd rather chill with 54 bitches
Ch—Chill like— Ch—Chill like an Eskimo
L—Let's get more— Let's get more bitches
And I be like, "Let's get more bitches"
Mr. Officer, stop arresting your bitches
Stop letting the messy hoes mess with your business
Mickey Mouse cheese, hip-hop Walt Disney
Sheesh, gosh, Oshkosh B’gosh
Smoking on that Bob Marley, listening to Pete Tosh
I—I—I do me; no, I do three
At a T... I-M-E
Why, when we say we Young Mula
The bitches leave y'all and relay-run to us
And payday comes sooner than later 'round here
And you see my sharks like they got some bait around here
Hey, you better stop the hate around there
Before Tommy, Mac, and Nina debate around there, yeah
You see it in my face, I don’t care
Whole court hearing, trial, and the case around there
I'm the best thing yet, I know I got that thing wet
Everybody wan' be fly but don’t know where their wings at
Huh, had to pause for a minute
Now, I'm right back in it, like the drawers of the women
On a scale of one to ten'n, my girl be a twenty
My girl so bad, make a nigga think he sinning
My goons so gritty, my goons is so with me
Haters gotta go on iTunes to go get me
Gators, matadors, baboons, and those grizzlies
All come out me when I'm on the micropho-N-E
Mic check, two-three; I'm different like blue pee
And my girls be half naked like Betty Boop be
Like a hoopty, man, the boy been riding
And I ain't gassed up, 'cause I'm more like a hybrid
You think I'm stunting, but no, I'm just surviving
And I been here, but my soul is just arriving
Look up in the air, it's a crow, it's a robin
No Ceilings, full dose, I'm prescribing
Medication free, and for meditation, we
Smoke some better tastin' weed that you’ll ever taste or see
S-H-A-R-P as a tack, hotter than
Riding through the desert on a camel back, I done been
Riding through wherever with the hammer strapped, I ain't lying
I can do whatever if I'm planning that
So I got my guns, let's dance, like FannyPack
And we cook the hard, cut the soft, and bring the whammys back
Mafio, bitch, where your motherfucking family at?
Call my nigga Gudda if you trying to get your mammy back
All up in another nigga woman, I be ramming that
Seeing through these see-through niggas like they're laminate
Hip-hop so contaminate, I swear, just examine it
And I'm such a philanthropist, the God to these evangelists
I dress so Los Angeles, but I love Miami, though
I act so New Orl-e-ans, yes, I go pistachios
That means I go nuts on any beat they throw at me
And the bitches is so at me, and you know what they throw at me
Hahaha!

[Outro]
No—No Ceilings

[Produced by Mr. Porter & Jeff Bass]

[Intro]
Aw, yeah (It's like this, like this)
It's Eminem, baby
Back up in that motherfuckin' ass
('Til forever, 'til forever)
One time for your motherfuckin' mind (For MC's, MC's)
We represent the 313—you know what I’m sayin'?
Yo, they don’t know shit about this, for the '96

[Verse 1]
Ayo, my pen and paper cause a chain reaction
To get your brain relaxin', the zany actin' maniac in action
A brainiac, in fact, son, you mainly lack attraction
You look insanely wack when just a fraction of my tracks runs
My rhymin' skills got you climbin' hills
I travel through your mind and chill your spine like siren drills
I'm slimin' grills of roaches with spray that disinfects
And twistin' necks of rappers 'til their spinal column disconnects
Put this in decks and check the monologue, turn your system up
Twist 'em up and indulge in the marijuana smog
This is the season for noise pollution contamination
Examination of more car-tunes than animation
My lamination of nar-er-ration, hits a snare and bass
On a track for duck rapper interrogation
When I declare invasion, there ain't no time to be starin' gazin'
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland
I'm infinite

[Hook]
You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it
I went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm tryin' to repent from it, but when I hear the beat
I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm infinite

[Verse 2]
Bust it, I let the beat commence
So I can beat the sense in your elite defense
I got some meat to mince
Some fruit to stomp, and then two feet to rinse
I greet the gents and ladies, I spoil loyal fans
I foil plans and leave fluids leakin' like oil pans
My coiled hands around this microphone are lethal
One thought in my cerebral is deeper than a jeep-full of people
MC's are feeble, I came to cause some pandemonium
Battle a band of phony MC's and stand the lonely one
Imitator intimidator, stimulator
Simulator of data, eliminator
There's never been a greater since the burial of Jesus
Fuck around and catch all the venereal diseases
My thesis'll smash a stereo to pieces
My acappella releases classic masterpieces, through telekinesis
It eases you mentally, gently
Sentimentally, instrumentally
With entity, dementedly meant to be infinite

[Hook]
You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it
I went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm tryin' to repent from it, but when I hear the beat
I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm infinite

[Verse 3]
Man, I got evidence, I'm never dense
And I've been clever ever since
My residence was hesitant to do some shit that represents the MO
So I'm assumin' all responsibility
'Cause there's a monster real in me that always wants to kill MC's
Mic nestler, slammin' like a wrestler
Here to make a mess of a lyric-smugglin' embezzler
No one is specialer, my skill is intergalactical
I get cynical, act a fool then I send a crew back to school
I never packed a tool or acted cool, it wasn't practical
I'd rather let a tactical, tactful track tickle your fancy
In fact, I can't see, or can't imagine
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratchin'
So this is for my family, the kid who had a cameo
On my last jam plus the man who never had a plan B
Be all you can be
‘Cause once you make an instant hit, I'm tensed a bit
And tempted when I see the sins my friends commit
I'm infinite

[Hook]
You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it
I went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm tryin' to repent from it, but when I hear the beat
I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm infinite
You heard of Hell, well, I was sent from it
I went to it, servin' a sentence for murderin' instruments
Now I'm tryin' to repent from it, but when I hear the beat
I'm tempted to make another attempt at it
I'm infinite

[Outro: Mr. Porter]
'95 ('95), '96 ('96)
And on, and on, and on, and on (And on)

[Intro: Aaliyah]
Let me know, let me know
Ahhh, let me know
Let me know, let me know

[Verse 1: Drake]
Uhh, yeah
This is really one of my dumbest flows ever, I haven’t slept in days
And me and my latest girl agreed to go our separate ways
So I’m single, thinkin' 'bout what we had and missin' you
But I ain't Santa, I got somethin' for these bad bitches too
I mean paparazzi on me, tryin' not to get caught out
They always seem to catch me with the woman that I brought out
Baby don’t hold on too long 'cause that’s how them stories start out
And all the girls that played me eat your muthafuckin' heart out
It's Drizzy, always gone but never hard to find
And since you can’t escape me, do I ever cross your mind?
Because all this shit is new to me, I’m learnin' to behave
And still spendin' every dollar they encourage me to save
But I’m good, I know that niggas would kill for this lifestyle
I’m lookin' forward to the memories of right now
Never forgettin' from where I came
And no matter where I’m headed, I promise to stay the same
I'm just

[Chorus: Jeezy & Drake]
I’m just ridin' 'round the city with my hood on and my windows down
Ask your girl, I’m the realest nigga she been around
When I pull up in something new and park it by the haters
And when you get to talkin' 'bout the greatest
I just really hope that (I just really hope that you'll think of me)
I just really hope that (You'll think of me)
I just really hope that (You'll think of me)
I'm doing my thang, I'm doing my thang, I'm doing my thang
('Cause I'm tryna be unforgettable)

[Verse 2: Jeezy]
This just might be my realest flow ever
When I say "for life,” y'all say "forever"
It's hard but it's fair, I told that girl life hurts
The closest you gon' get to this is a Pac t-shirt
The name's Young baby, you know I live that thug life
The good die young so I’ma need a thug wife
Yeah, I’m talkin' his and her firearms
Know our jewelry probably louder than a car alarm
Yeah, I remember I used to have to sneak the car
Now my insides looking like a Snickers bar
Yeah, I’m talking caramel leathers
Damn right, so fly I need feathers
Same shit in them streets, so what's the dilly?
Young done everything in the A but fuck Chilli
So welcome to my life: no two days the same
Like for y'all to meet the love of my life, her name's the game

[Chorus: Jeezy & Drake]
I’m just ridin' 'round the city with my hood on and my windows down
Ask your girl, I’m the realest nigga she been around
When I pull up in something new and park it by the haters
And when you get to talkin' 'bout the greatest
I just really hope that (I just really hope that you'll think of me)
I just really hope that (You'll think of me)
I just really hope that (You'll think of me)
I'm doing my thang, I'm doing my thang, I'm doing my thang
('Cause I'm tryna be unforgettable)

[Outro: Jeezy & Aaliyah]
Got my top dropped on this beautiful night
It's a beautiful night to live my beautiful life
Pain hurts like a cut from a beautiful knife
Just know she right here on my hip, my beautiful wife
Yeah, Drizzy we got 'em lil' bruh, unforgettable
You’ll never forget this, ya understand me?
Timeless homie, unforgettable
Let me know, let me know

[Intro: T.I., Jamie Foxx & Justin Timberlake]
T.I.P. (Yo, uh)
Ay Jamie, JT (Oh)
I'm 'bout to get back hot again man
You know I'm fresh out that thang, let go
You know you lookin at a winner, winner, winner
I'm so up there and so out there, you so not here
Hey, hey, you see we so up there and we so out there
Uh, yeah, let me get it right here first. Hey!

[Verse 1: Justin Timberlake]
I'm wakin', up in the morning
Hustlin' to the stage, if I've been performin'
Bustlin' through the hay and bustin' the door in
Lately nothin' messes up my step and scorin'
And speakin' of the Misses, I'm watchin' 'em pour in (Uh)
Just like a drink that I'm enjoyin'
And don't mean bottles, you welcome to join in
Just look at me soarin', feelin' like Jordan

[Bridge: Justin Timberlake]
(Aaah-ah) Hold up I ain't finished yet
On the top but you just don't get it yet
I don't get cut, I make 'em cut the check
Can't hear me in the stands, let me say it again
(Aaah-ah) You ain't heard I'm the shit
On the top but you just don't get it yet
I never got cut but I make 'em cut the check
So hate on but guess what

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & Jamie Foxx]
I feel like I can't miss
I know they want me to fall
But ain't nothin bigger than this
So just pass me the ball
You know you lookin at a winner, winner, winner
I can't miss, can't lose, can't miss
You know you lookin at winner, winner, winner
`Cause I'm a winner, yeah I'm a winner

[Verse 2: Jamie Foxx]
I'm steppin' out in the evening
Keep winnin' and screamin'
You gotta be cheatin' but I'm so breezy
I make this look easy
And y'all thinkin' I'm seasoned, you gotta believe me
I went from TVs to screens to DVDs
To CDs to MP3s overseas
I got, no time, the talking is boring
Just look at me soarin', feeling like Jordan

[Bridge: Jamie Foxx]
(Aaah-ah) Hold up I ain't finished yet
On the top but you just don't get it yet
I never got cut, I make 'em cut the check
Can't hear me in the stands, let me say it again
(Aaah-ah) You ain't heard I'm the shit
On the top but you just don't get it yet
I never got cut but I make 'em cut the check
So hate on but guess what

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & Jamie Foxx]
I feel like I can't miss
I know they want me to fall
But ain't nothin bigger than this
So just pass me the ball
You know you lookin at a winner, winner, winner
I can't miss, can't lose, can't miss
You know you lookin at winner, winner, winner
`Cause I'm a winner, yeah I'm a winner

[Verse 3: T.I.]
That's right, you see the, Porsche Panamera, got 'em in hysteria
The turbo super fast and that McLaren even scarier
Hear me turnin' corners, burnin' rubber in your area
I'm hard to follow once I pop the clutch and hit the throttle
I'm recession proof, I don't run to money, money run to me
In this economy, guess I'm considered an anomaly
Bugattis, Maseratis, new Ferraris, I got one of each
My future bright, tight like the pussy out in front of me
Turn pain to progression in every studio session
Passion into perfection, to failure I'm an exception
Fuck if you wanna lose, to battle me is a blessing
You couldn't die at the hands of a better man
I ran from the bottom to the best, no Auto-Tune
Been in the lead, say you seen King follow whom
Never that, I'm the freshest go ask whoever that
King back, money long as a old Cadillac

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake & Jamie Foxx]
I feel like I can't miss
I know they want me to fall
But ain't nothin bigger than this
So just pass me the ball
You know you lookin at a winner, winner, winner
I can't miss, can't lose, can't miss
You know you lookin at winner, winner, winner
`Cause I'm a winner, yeah I'm a winner

[Outro: T.I.]
Hey man, you thought a little vacation was gonna hold me back homeboy
Man, I'm back man, brighter than ever
You understand that?
If you didn't like me then, ha, you gonna hate me now nigga

[Verse 1: Drake]
Uh, I've been up for four days, gettin' money both ways
Dirty and clean, I could use a glass of cold Spades
Rolexes, chauffers and low fades
I keep thinkin', how young can you die from old age?
They always tell me: "Nobody's workin' as hard as you"
And even though I laugh it off, man, it's probably true
'Cause while all of my closest friends out partyin'
I'm just here makin' all the music that they party to
But party on, party on all night, nigga
I got these new rappers nervous: prom night, nigga
I grow tired of these fuckin' grown man liars
Storytellers, they ain't even need a campfire
Uh, but I just want to tell the truth
Before one of these haters load a couple shells and shoot
The shit feel like when Fredro Starr
Was in Sunset Park stuntin' hard in his yellow goose - yeah!
And I'm a motherfuckin' missed target
But a target nonetheless, and I just started
Was that directed at moi? Can't be
They must be talkin' to themselves, Hov: hands free
Yeah, and I'm just fillin' up this daily planner
Gettin' busy 'cause I'm a star: no spangled banner
Jealous dudes get to talkin' in they music
And I just say I wrote it for your girlfriends: Kelsey Grammer
Yeah, that's what life becomes when you're doin' you
Welcome to Hollywood, don't let this town ruin you
And if you pillow-talkin' with the women that are screwin' you
Just know that she gon' tell another nigga
When she through with you
Don't get impatient when it takes too long
Drink it all, even when it tastes too strong
Yeah, I got to feel alive, even if it kills me
Promise to always give you me, the real me

[Chorus: Drake & Jay-Z]
Who would've thought I'd be caught in this life?
Let's celebrate with a toast and get lost in tonight
And make it all light up
(Ay Guru tell, tell homegirl to open that Ace right there...)
Wait until the sun goes down
We gon' make this bitch light up
Even when the sun goes down I'ma make it go

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
Oww, hoes turn they heads like owls
I'm the man of the hour
Triple entendre, don't even ask me how
Con Edison flow, I'm connected to a higher power
Bright lights'll make your whole city light up
A trillion-watt light bulb when I'm in the night club
I just landed in that G450
Caught the Mayweather fight 'cause the satellite was crispy, uhh
Y'all can miss me with the money talk
The smart money's on Hov', fuck what the dummies talk, uhh
I don't do too much bloggin'
I just run the town, I don't do too much joggin'
Mm, I ain't got a scar yet
'Cause you fuckin' around with me and my dogs is far-fetched
Drake, here's how they gon' come at you
With silly rap feuds, tryin' to distract you
In disguise, in the form of a favor
The Barzini meeting, watch for the traitors, uhh
I done seen it all, done it all
That's why none of these dum-dums could done him off
The summer's ours, the winter too
Top down in the winter, that's what winners do
And to these niggas I'm like Windows 7
You let them tell it, they swear that they invented you
And since no good deed go unpunished
I'm not as cool with niggas as I once was
I once was cool as the Fonz was
But these bright lights turned me to a monster
Sorry, mama, I promised it wouldn't change me
But I would have went insane had I remained the same me
Fuck niggas! Bitches, too!
All I got is this money — this'll do

[Chorus: Drake]
Who would've thought I'd be caught in this life?
Let's celebrate with a toast and get lost in tonight
And make it all light up
Wait until the sun goes down
We gon' make this bitch light up
Even when the sun goes down I'ma make it go

[Produced by Andrew Dawson, Jeff Bhasker, Kanye West, Mike Dean & S1]

[Intro: Kanye West]
I'm living in that 21st century, doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music

[Chorus: Kanye West]
No one man should have all that power
The clock’s ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
(21st-century schizoid man)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
The system broken, the school's closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose, motherfucker, we rolling
Huh? Motherfucker, we rolling
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I'll see you in the morning
Huh? I'll see you in the morning
This is way too much, I need a moment

[Chorus: Kanye West]
No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the power
'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-century schizoid man)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically, they can kiss my asshole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes
You short-minded niggas' thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian, my ice brought the goalies in
I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows he's so fuckin' gifted
I just needed time alone with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind, but couldn't open up my own vault
My childlike creativity, purity, and honesty
Is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me
Taking my inner child, I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me
As I look down at my diamond-encrusted piece

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Thinking no one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking, I just count the hours
Stop tripping, I'm tripping off the powder
'Til then, fuck that, the world’s ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
(21st-century schizoid man)

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fuckin' nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well, that's a pretty bad way to start the conversation
At the end of the day, goddamnit, I'm killing this shit
I know damn well y'all feeling this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch, I'm on my own dick
I ain't gotta power trip, who you goin' home with?
How Ye doing? I'm survivin'
I was drinkin' earlier, now I'm drivin'
Where the bad bitches, huh? Where you hidin'?
I got the power make your life so excitin'

[Outro: Kanye West & Dwele]
Now this will be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window, I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go
Mmm, now this will be a beautiful death
I'm jumping out the window, I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go
Now this will be a beautiful death
Jumping out the window, letting everything go
Letting everything go
You got the power to let power go?
(21st-century schizoid man)

[Produced by Bass Brothers]

[Intro]
Ayo, this song is dedicated
To all the happy people
All the happy people who have real nice lives
And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck

[Verse 1]
I feel like I'm walkin' a tight rope without a circus net
Poppin' Percocet, I'm a nervous wreck
I deserve respect but I work a sweat for this worthless check
I'm 'bout to burst this TEC at somebody to reverse this debt
Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged
Full of venom and rage, 'specially when I'm engaged
And my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper
I pray that God answers, maybe I'll ask nicer
Watchin' ballers while they flossin' in they Pathfinders
These overnight stars becomin' autograph-signers
We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us
Along with the small fries and average half-pinters
But player-haters turnin' bitch like they have vaginas
'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us
Money'll brainwash you and leave yo' ass mindless
Them snakes slither in the grass, spineless

[Chorus]
That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

[Verse 2]
My life is full of empty promises and broken dreams
I'm hopin' things look up, but there ain't no job openings
I feel discouraged, hungry and malnourished
Livin' in this house with no furnace, unfurnished
And I'm sick of workin' dead-end jobs with lame pay
And I'm tired of bein' hired and fired the same day
But fuck it, if you know the rules to the game, play
'Cause when we die, we know we all goin' the same way
'Cause it's cool to be the player, but it sucks to be the fan
When all you need is bucks to be the man, plus a luxury sedan
Or comfortable and roomy in a 6
But they threw me in the mix with all these gloomy lunatics
Who walk around depressed, and smoke a pound of cess a day
And yesterday went by so quick, it seems like it was just today
My daughter wants to throw the ball, but I'm too stressed to play
Live half my life and throw the rest away

[Chorus]
That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear

[Verse 3]
There's people that love me and people that hate me (Yup)
But it's the evil that made me
This backstabbin', deceitful and shady (Mhm)
I want the money, the women, the fortune and fame
That means I end up burnin' in Hell, scorchin' in flame
That means I'm stealin' your checkbook and forgin' your name
This lifetime bliss for eternal torture and pain
'Cause right now, I feel like I've just hit the rock bottom
I've got problems, now everybody on my block's got 'em (Duh)
I'm screamin' like them two cops when 2Pac shot 'em
Holdin' two Glocks, hope your doors got new locks on 'em
My daughter's feet ain't got no shoes or socks on 'em
And them rings you wearin' look like they got a few rocks on 'em
And while you flaunt 'em
I could be takin' 'em to shops to pawn 'em
I got a couple of rings and a brand-new watch, you want 'em?
'Cause I ain't never went gold off one song
I'm runnin' up on someone's lawn with guns drawn

[Chorus]
That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
That's rock bottom, when this life makes you mad enough to kill
That's rock bottom, when you want somethin' bad enough to steal
That's rock bottom, when you feel like you've had it up to here
'Cause you mad enough to scream, but you sad enough to tear
That's rock bottom

[Produced by Jeff Bass]

[Intro: Cowboy (Jeff Bass)]
I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts
You know, there's a story behind that there saloon
20 years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over
Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em
Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen
Got murdered in cold-blood
That old saloon there was their little home away from home
They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern
And on a quiet night, you can still hear
The footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da 5'9"

[Verse 1: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"]
I don't speak, I float in the air, wrapped in a sheet
I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat
I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph
And the noise is spread
Picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (Uhh)
Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed
'Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead
Told him each one of his boys is dead (Ohh)
I asked him to come to the dark side
He made a choice and said (Yo)
Who hard? Yo, I done heard worse
We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other
To see which one'll swerve first
Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity
Holds that of a globe on top of nine other planets
Kissed the cheek of the Devil, intelligence level
Is hellier than treble peakin' on speakers in the ghetto
Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of an atheist
Interceptin' missiles with my bare hands like a patriot
One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse
In my past life, when the black knight mounted the white horse
And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation
Collaboratin', attemptin' to take over the Earth

[Chorus: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"]
'Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
We hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Above the law 'cause I don't agree with police either
Shit, me neither

[Verse 2: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"]
We ain't eager to be legal
So please leave me with the keys to your Jeep Eagle
I breathe ether in three lethal amounts
While I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle (Ahh)
Releasin' rage on anybody in squeezin' range
Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezin' rain
(He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up
And I'm pissed off, 'cause I can't find a decent vein
The disaster with dreads, I'm bad enough to commit suicide
And survive long enough to kill my soul after I'm dead
When in danger, it's funny, actually my flavor's similar to a waiter
'Cause I serve any stranger with money
I spray a hundred, man, until they joint chains
While slippin' bullets at point-blank range like they was punches
Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral
Service lobby and strangle your body to confirm it
Whippin' human ass, throwin' blows, crackin' jaws
With my fists wrapped in gauze, dipped in glue and glass
I'm blazin' emcees, at the same time amazin' emcees
Somehow, emcees ain't that eyebrow-raisin' to me
From all of angles of us, flash a MAC loud enough
To cast a avalanche and bust 'til volcanoes erupt

[Interlude: Eminem]
Hello? (Billy?)
Ayo, what’s up? (We're comin' to get you)
Stop, they know it's us

[Verse 3: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9"]
I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (Uh-uh)
I'm the one who burned your house down (Oh)
Well, I'm out now (Shit)
And this time, I'm comin' back to blow your house up
And I ain't gon' leave you with a window to jump out of
Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms
And you won't see me, like fat people in steam rooms
And when I go to hell and I'm gettin' ready to leave
I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe

[Chorus: Royce Da 5'9" & Eminem]
'Cause this is what happens when Bad meets Evil
And we hit the trees 'til we look like Vietnamese people
He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Seagal
Against peaceful, see you in Hell for the sequel
(We'll be waiting) See you in Hell (Uh-huh)
Wall Street (Yup), Royce Da 5'9", Slim Shady (Uh)
See you in Hell for the sequel (Bye-bye)
Bad Meets Evil, what? (Until next time)

[Outro: Cowboy (Jeff Bass)]
And so, that's the story of when Bad meets Evil
Two of the most wanted individuals in the county
Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens
It's too bad they had to go out the way they did
Got shot in the back comin' out of that old saloon
But their spirits still live on 'til this day
Shh, wait, did y'all hear that?

[Verse]
These are my One St. Thomas flows
Me, my niggas and some Madonna hoes
That look just like virgins but trust they down to go
Discussing life and all our common goals
Smart kids that smoke weed, honor roll
Look how the champagne diamonds glow
Fine dining pour another glass when the wine is low
I'm in the crib stacking money from here to the ceiling
Whatever it is I got, it's clearly appealing
These other rappers getting that inferior feeling
I hope you feel it in your soul, spiritual healing
Take a look at yourself, the mirror's revealing
If you ain't got it, you ain't got it the theory is brilliant
People ask how music is going, I heard it pays
I just came off making two million in 30 days
Damn, "I guess it does" is what the message was
Sometimes I feel I be spending my money just because
With Weezy I'm just out here repping us
'til I get to shake the hand of the man that's blessing us
Yeah, I know these niggas miss the mean lyrics
Kush got the room smelling like teen spirit
I ask kindly if no one out here would bring defeat up
Until I lose, for now I'm the game's single leader
I fly private so no one tells me to bring my seat up
And book a suite where me and your favorite singer meet up
Who you like, tell me who it is
I'mma make sure that that woman is the next one on my list
I should call it a night, but fuck it I can't resist
This one is for all the niggas from my city trying to diss
Without a response from me you really fail to exist
And I love to see you fail, that feeling there is the shit
I swear, pussy nigga get your bread up
Enjoy the seat that the stewardess just forced your ass to let up
Why your scary ass looking down, pick ya head up
No one told you your disguise was the most ridiculous get-up?
With nose-plugs in now, I can smell the set-up
So you just wasting your time, you only making me better, yeah
I try to tell them don't judge me because you heard stuff
Chase N. Cash that's my brother from the Surf Club
Damn, that nigga always kept it so hood
Back when we would smoke good at the Oakwoods
And have girls fall through like coins in the couch
Now we just fucking all the bitches they warned us about
Scared for the first time, everything just clicked
What if I don't really do the numbers they predict?
Considering the fact that I'm the one that they just picked
To write a chapter in history, this shit has got me sick
But if I really do it don't expect to get a split
Cause this truly is some shit I don't expect for y'all to get
I'm nervous but I'mma kill it cause they 'bout to let the realest team in
Throwing up in the huddle nigga, Willie Beamen
But still throwing touchdown passes
In tortoise frame glasses, hopin' that someone catch it
People say that old Drake, we startin' to miss it
But they need to be a little more specific
Is this what y'all want? In my best Chris Tucker impression
Ducking your questions, fuck your suggestions
Money gets all of my love and affection
Cars all black like the cover of Essence
I'm allergic to coming in second but I never sneeze
Y.M.O.E. nigga, yeah

[Outro]
Uh, yeah, this what yall want
Octobers Very Own
Young Money
ATF
Thank me later in this bitch wasssup
Free Weezy in this bitch wasup
June 15th in this bitch wasup
Noel That’s it Ahhhhhh

[Intro: Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever
They are all I need to please me
They can stimulate and tease me
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might desert me

[Chorus: Kanye West & Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever (Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe)
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever (The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme)
(Forever) Forever ever? Forever ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
(And ever) Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Good mornin', this ain't Vietnam, still
People lose hands, legs, arms, for real
Little was known of Sierra Leone
And how it connect to the diamonds we own
When I speak of diamonds in this song
I ain't talkin' about the ones that be glowin', I'm talkin' about Roc-a-Fella, my home
My chain, these ain't conflict diamonds
Is they, Jacob? Don't lie to me, mane
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin'
How when I know what a blood diamond is?
Though it's thousands of miles away
Sierra Leone connect to what we go through today
Over here it's a drug trade, we die from drugs
Over there they die from what we buy from drugs
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses
I thought my Jesus piece was so harmless
'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless
And here's the conflict
It's in a black person soul to rock that gold
Spend your whole life tryna get that ice
On a Polo rugby, it look so nice
How can somethin' so wrong make me feel so right?
Right? 'Fore I beat myself up like Ike
You can still throw your Roc-a-Fella diamond tonight, because

[Chorus: Kanye West & Shirley Bassey]
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever (Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe)
Diamonds are forever
Forever, forever (The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme)
(Forever) Forever ever? Forever ever?
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?
(And ever) Ever, ever? Ever, ever?

[Verse 2: Kanye West & JAY-Z]
Uh
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back (Uh)
That'll be the same day I give the game back (Uh)
You know the next question, dawg, "Yo, where Dame at?" (Uh)
This track the Indian dance that bring our rain back (Woo)
"What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man?"

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
Yup
I got it from here, 'Ye, damn
The chain remains, the gang is intact (Uh-huh)
The name is mine, I'll take blame for that
The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gon' crack?
Haha, pardon me, I had to laugh at that
How could you falter when you're the Rock of Gibraltar?
I had to get off the boat so I could walk on water
This ain't no tall order, this is nothin' to me
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week
I do this in my sleep, I sold kilos of coke (So?)
I'm guessin' I can sell CDs
I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man
Let me handle my business, damn
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway then Foxy
YG's, Teairra Mari, Peedi watch me
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career
As long as I'm alive he's a millionaire
And even if I die he's in my will somewhere
So he could just kick back and chill somewhere, oh yeah
He don't even have to write rhymes
The Dynasty like my money: last three lifetimes
Shirley Bassey's in the rear, sayin' exactly
What I been sayin' practically my whole career
The diamond is forever, I've been minin' this forever
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better
People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'
Instead we rose up from the ash like a phoenix
If you're waitin' for the end of the Dynasty sign
It would seem like forever is a mighty long time (Ha)

[Outro: Jay-Z]
I'm Young, bitches!
Hahahahaha
Good night!

[Produced by Kanye West, Devo Springsteen and Jon Brion]

[Intro]
Yesterday when we were getting high
You were invited, you woulda liked it
I-I- I know you all too well
I said that we could kiss the past goodbye
But you weren't excited
There's no way to fight it
You can stay but shawty, here I go

[Verse 1]
Uh, should I spend a weekend in Vegas?
I'm living inside a moment, not taking pictures to save it
I mean, how could I forget? My memory's never faded
I can't relate to these haters, my enemies never made it
I am still here with who I started with
The game needed life, I put my heart in it
I blew myself up, I'm on some martyr shit
Carry the weight for my city like a cargo ship
Uh, I'm 23 with a money tree
Growing more too, I just planted a hundred seeds
It's ironic 'cause my mother was a florist
And that's how she met my pops
And now my garden is enormous
"It's happening, Penny Lane, just like you said!"
I avoided the coke game and went with Sprite instead
Uh-huh, that's word to the millions that they putting up
I'm trying to do better than good enough

[Chorus]
What am I afraid of?
This is supposed to be what dreams are made of
But people I don't have the time to hang with
Always look at me and say the same shit
They say "You promised me you would never change"
"You promised me you would never change"

[Verse 2]
Uh, am I wrong for making light of my situation? Clap on?
When 40 got some shit for me to snap on, now that I'm on
I don't really want to worry 'bout getting back on
I'm just trying to stay on, get my fucking buffet on
I heard they just moved my grandmother to a nursing home
And I be acting like I don't know how to work a phone
But hit "re-dial", you'll see that I just called
Some chick I met at the mall that I barely know at all and
Plus this woman that I messed with unprotected
Texted saying she wished she would have kept it
The one that I'm laying next to just looked over and read it
Man, I couldn't tell you where the fuck my head is
I'm holding on by a thread
It's like I'm high right now, the guy right now
And you could tell by looking in my eyes right now
That nothing really comes as a surprise right now
'Cause we just having the time of our lives right now

[Chorus]
What am I afraid of?
This is supposed to be what dreams are made of
But people I don't have the time to hang with
Always look at me and say the same shit
They say "You promised me you would never change"
"You promised me you would never change"

[Verse 3]
I live by some advice this girl Lissa told me
The other day Lissa told me that she missed the old me
Which made me question when I went missing
And when I start treating my friends different
Maybe it was the fast paced switch up
Or the two guns in my face during the stick up
Maybe 'cause a girl I thought I trusted
Was who set the whole shit up
But in fact I haven't seen them since they locked Big Rich up
I know but same time I'm quick to forget
I'm 'bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets
Burn it all, burn it all, I'm starting it fresh
'Cause half the time I got it right I probably guessed
Did I just trade free time for camera time?
Will I blow all of this money baby, hammer time?
Yeah, I just need some closure
Ain't no turning back for me, I'm in it 'til it's over

[Verse 1: Drake]
Kush rolled, glass full: I prefer the better things
Niggas with no money act like money isn't everything
I'm havin' a good time, they just trying to ruin it
Shout out to the fact that I'm the youngest nigga doing it
Cap on, brim bent, Denzel, every time
She ain't tryna pop that shit for pimp; okay, well nevermind
I-I-I tried to told you, Drizzy still ain't nothin' nice
Bracelet saying "you should quit", cars saying "fuck your life"
Okay now we outta here, toodles to you bitches
And if you dolled up, I got the voodoo for you bitches (yeah)
I'm busy gettin' rich, I don't want trouble
I made enough for two niggas, boy: stunt double
Fame is like a drug that I've taken too much of
But I never ever trip, just peace, happiness and love
I got money in these jeans, so they fit me kinda snug
Plus the game is in my pocket, nigga this is what I does

[Chorus: Drake]
I'm about whatever man, fuck what they be talkin' about
They opinion doesn't count, we the only thing that matters
Aww, so we do it how we do it
All up in your face man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night, whole crew's in here
'Cause I don't really know who I'ma lose this year
Aww, man I love my team
Man I love my team, I would die for them niggas, aww

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
Drizzy say get her, I'ma get her
I got the kind of money, make a broke bitch bitter
I got that kinda—wait, wait—fixate
Which bitch you know made a million off a mixtape?
That was just a keepsake, bought the president
The Louis presidential briefcase, never been a cheapskate
We got the Hawks, I ain't talkin' about the Peach State
Man, for Pete's sake, scratch that—sweepstakes
(Ha ha ha ha ha) Fuck I look like, ho?
I look like "yes" and you like "no"
I'm a bad bitch, I ain't never been a mixed breed
On a diet, but I'm doin' donuts in a 6-speed
M6 in front of M2
I see a lot of rap bitches on the menu
But I collect 100 thou' at the venue
And pop bottles with my team, Young Money 'til the death of me

[Chorus: Drake]
I'm about whatever man, fuck what they be talkin' about
They opinion doesn't count, we the only thing that matters
Aww, so we do it how we do it
All up in your face man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night, whole crew's in here
'Cause I don't really know who I'ma lose this year
Aww, man I love my team
Man I love my team, I would die for them niggas, aww

[Interlude: Nicki Minaj & Drake]
I mean, we can't even rock them shoes
If it don't got a comma on the price tag, you know?
I mean, I mean but then again
Who, who looks at the price tag, you know?
Aww yeah we in this bitch (uhh)
Aww, aww, aww
Aww yeah we in this bitch
Aww, aww, aww

[Chorus: Drake]
I'm about whatever man, fuck what they be talkin' about
They opinion doesn't count, we the only thing that matters
Aww, so we do it how we do it
All up in your face man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night, whole crew's in here
'Cause I don't really know who I'ma lose this year
Aww, man I love my team
Man I love my team, I would die for them niggas, aww
I'm about whatever man, fuck what they be talkin' about
They opinion doesn't count, we the only thing that matters
Aww, so we do it how we do it
All up in your face man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night, whole crew's in here
'Cause I don't really know who I'ma lose this year
Aww, man I love my team
Man I love my team, I would die for them niggas, aww

[Chorus]
You could thank me now, uh, go 'head
Thank me later, yeah I know what I said
But later doesn't always come so instead
It's okay, you could thank me now
Yeah
Well, alright
Here I go

[Verse 1]
Uh, Mahalo from the hardest act to follow
Lately I've been drinking like there's a message in a bottle
Alohas to women with no ties to men
That I know well, that way there are no lies
You can thank me now for all the info I give to you niggas
I'm on the brink of "influential," I'm here for you niggas
I guess a hit doesn't add up to a career for you niggas
I must have been hard to watch, what a year for you niggas
It's December 31st and we in Miami just meditating
You got your resolutions, we just got reservations
Living out a dream it feels like I stayed up
And we just want to party, Patron straight up
Fuck that old shit, I'm on new things
OVO Clique, Red Wing Boot Gang
Yeah we want it all, half was never the agreement
Who'd have thought the route we'd chosen
Would ever end up this scenic?
I can relate to kids going straight to the league
When they recognize that you got what it takes to succeed
And that's around the time
That your idols become your rivals
You make friends with Mike
But got to A.I. him for your survival
Damn, I swear sports and music are so synonymous
Cause we want to be them, and they want to be us
So on behalf of the demanded and the entertainment
That you take for granted, y-you can thank me now
And oh my goodness you're welcome, you're welcome
At this point me is who I am trying to save myself from
Rappers hit me up and I never know what to tell them
'Cause they think that I can help them
Get back to where they fell from
But drink up, 'cause everyone here is good tonight
Except the niggas that I came with, they good for life
Yeah, that's how you know it's going down
In case another chance never comes around

[Chorus]
Y-You could thank me now (Thank me now), go 'head
Thank me later, yeah I know what I said
But later doesn't always come so instead
It's okay, you could thank me now (You, you, you)

[Verse 2]
Uh, shallow nigga but deep enough to have gone swimming
I think I'm spending all my time with the wrong women
I think I'll have a chance at love and knowing me, I'll miss it
'Cause me dedicating my time just isn't realistic
Man, the good girls went silent on me
They got a boyfriend, or left for college on me
And all the bad ones I used to hit are friends now
That make me wish I had a little less mileage on me
But do I ever come up in discussion
Over double pump lattes and low fat muffins?
Do I? Or is missing what we had out of the question?
I'm probably just the reason that you learned your lesson
I got flows for the Marilyn Monroes
Who was there before it all, I guess that's how it goes
They hear about your cons, but focus on your pros
And love you for who you are from the bottom of they soul
But those same ones from your area will grow into women
That are ready to get married at "Hello"
Because of what they allowed, where are they all now?
I know they're somewhere watching
So I'm trying to make them proud
Searching for the meaning, you'll find it next to me
They tell me I'm the hottest, guess we finally get to see
I'm feeling like Nas, who am I to disagree?
They say the doors will open up soon as you find the missing key
That's probably why I'm in this bitch shining
Jump up in the sky and put the stars into alignment
I rep the ATF in case you need to be reminded
And the bandwagon's full but you can try and run behind it–
I'm sorry
Poolside drinking, Margarita rounds
Shout out to my city though I hardly be in town
I'm the black sheep but Chris Farley wears the crown
And I know life is just a game in which the cards are facing down
I'm in a world where things are taken, never given
How long they choose to love you will never be your decision
And I'm aware that this could be the last time you listen
So while I'm still here in this position

[Chorus]
Y-you could thank me now (Thank me now), go 'head (Go 'head)
Thank me later, yeah I know what I said (What I said)
But later doesn't always come so instead
It's okay, you could thank me now
It's a- okay (Okay)

[Intro]
We at war
We at war with terrorism, racism
But most of all we at war with ourselves

[Chorus]
(Jesus, walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus, walk with me)

[Verse 1]
You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless (Niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (Niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (Niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mama I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November, I got packs to move
I hope

[Chorus]
(Jesus, walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus, walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus, walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus, walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
(Jesus, walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus, walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus, walk)
And I don't think there's nothin' I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus, walk with me)
I wanna talk to God but I'm afraid 'cause we ain't spoke in so long
So long, so long
(Jesus, walk with me)

[Verse 2]
To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers, even the scrippers
(Jesus walks for them)
To the victims of welfare feel we livin' in Hell here, hell yeah
(Jesus walks for them)
Now, hear ye, hear ye, want to see Thee more clearly
I know He hear me when my feet get weary
'Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers is role models: we rap, we don't think
I ain't here to argue about His facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just tryna say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis, that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single, dawg, radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, videotape
But if I talk about God my record won't get played, huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which'll probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreamin' about
Next time I'm in the club, everybody screamin' out

[Chorus]
(Jesus, walk)
God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down
(Jesus, walk with me)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Chorus: P!nk]
You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Cadillac Sevilles, coupe DeVilles
Brain-dead rims, yeah, stupid wheels
Girl, I'm too for real, lose your tooth-and-nail
Tryna fight it, try to deny it, stupid, you will feel
What I do, I do at will
Shootin' from the hip, yeah, boy, I shoot to kill
Half a breath left on my deathbed
Screamin', “F that!” – yeah, super-ill
Baby, what the deal? We can chill
Split a half a pill and a Happy Meal
Fuck a steak, slut, I'll cut my toes off
And step on the receipt 'fore I foot the bill
Listen, garden tool, don't make me introduce you
To my power tool, you know the fuckin' drill
How you douchebags feel knowin' you're disposable?
Summer's Eve, Massengill
Shady's got the mass appeal
Baby, crank the shit, 'cause it's your goddamn jam
You said that you want your punchlines a little more compact
Well, shorty, I'm that man
These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at, man
I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium
And said, “Settle your fuckin' ass down!
I'm ready for combat, man!”
Get it? Calm Batman, nah
Ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts
Lines are like Mom's CAT-scans
'Cause they fuckin' go bananas
Honey, I applaud that ass
Swear to God, man, these broads can't dance
Ma, show 'em how it's done
Spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah

[Chorus: P!nk]
You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Girl, shake that ass like a donkey with Parkinson's
Make like Michael J. Fox is in your drawers
Playin' with an etch-a-sketch
Bet you that you'll never guess
Who's knockin' at your door, people hit the floors
Yeah, tonight, ladies, you gon' get divorced
Girl, forget remorse, I'ma hit you broads
With Chris's force like you pissed him off
Talented with the tongue, ma'fucker
You ain't got a lick in yours
Hittin' licks like I'm robbin' liquor stores
Makin' cash registers shit their drawers
Think you spit the rawest?
I'm an uncooked slab of beef layin' on your kitchen floor
Other words, I'm off the meat rack
Bring the beat back, bring in two extension cords
I'ma measure my dick—shit, I need six inches more
Fuck, my dick's big, bitch, need I remind you
That I don't need the fuckin' swine flu to be a sick pig?
You're addicted, I'm dope
I'm the longest needle around here—need a fix, ock?
I'm the big shot—get it, dick-snots?
You're just small pokes, little pricks
Girl, you think that other prick's hot?
I'll drink gasoline and eat a lit match
Before I sit back and let him get hotter
Better call the cops on him quick, fast
Shady's right back on your bitch-ass
White trash with a half a six-pack in his hatchback
Trailer hitch attached to the back, dispatch

[Chorus: P!nk]
You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Bitch, am I the reason that your boyfriend stopped rappin'?
Does a bird chirp? Does Lil' Wayne slurp 'zurp
'Til he burps and smoke purp?
Does a word search get circles wrapped around it
Like you do when I come through?
I'd like you to remind yourself of what the fuck I can do
When I'm on the mic
Oh, you're the kind of girl that I could take a likin' to
Psych! I'm spikin' you like a football
Been this way since I stood a foot tall
You're a good catch with a shitty spouse
Got a pretty mouth and a good jaw
Give me good brain, watch the wood-grain
Don't want no cum stain—bitch, you listenin'?
Tryin' to turn me down, slut, I'm talkin' to you
Turn me back up! Are you insane?!
Tryin' to talk over me in the car
Shut the fuck up while my shit's playin'!
I'm a shit stain on the underwear of life
What's the saying? Where there's thunder, there is lightning
And they say that it never strikes twice in the same place
Then how the fuck have I been hit six times
In three different locations on four separate occasions?
And you can bet your stankin' ass
That I've come to smash everything in my path
Fork was in the road, took the psycho path
Poison Ivy wouldn't have me thinkin' rash
So hit the dance-floor, cutie, while I do my duty
On this microphone; shake your booty, shorty!
I'm the shit—why you think Proof used to call me "Doody"?

[Chorus: P!nk]
You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards
You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards
But I won't back down
Oh no, I won't back down, oh no

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Chorus: Kanye West & GLC]
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit (Yeah, yeah)
I wish I could (Me too)
Buy me a spaceship and fly (Swear I do)
Past the sky, oh
GLC feel you, baby—I feel you, man
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky (Man, man, man...)
Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
If my manager insults me again
I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up
Then, I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check—wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah, I stole—never got caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Asking me about some khakis
But let some Black people walk in
I bet you they show off their token blackie
Oh, now they love Kanye
"Let's put him all in the front of the store"
So I'm on break
Next to the "No Smoking" sign with a blunt in the mall
Taking my hits, writing my hits
Writing my rhymes, playing my mind
This fucking job can't help him
So I quit; y'all welcome
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
You can't catch my hustle
You can't fathom my love, dude
Lock yourself in a room
Doing five beats a day for three summers
That's A Different World like Cree Summer's
I deserve to do these numbers
"The kid that made that deserves that Maybach!"
So many records in my basement
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow!

[Chorus: Kanye West, GLC, & Kanye w/ Choir]
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Tryna tell you, man, way past the sky
Oh, oh (Let's go, ugh)

[Verse 2: GLC]
And I didn't even try to work a job
Represent the mob at the same time (Woo)
Thirsty on the grind, Chi state of mind
Lost my mama, lost my mind (Aww)
Life, my love, that's not mine
"Why you ain't signed?" Wasn't my time
Leave me alone, work for y'all
Half of it's yours, half of it's mine
Only wanna ball, never wanna fall (Ugh)
Gotta get mine, gotta take mine (Ugh)
Got a Tec-9, reach my prime (Ugh)
Gotta make these haters respect mine (Yeah)
In the mall 'til 12 when my schedule had said 9
Putting them pants on shelves
Waiting patiently; I ask myself
Where I wanna go, where I wanna be
Life is much more than running in the streets
Holler at 'Ye, hit me with the beat
Put me on my feet, sounds so sweet
Yes, I'm the same ol' G
Same goatee, stayin' low-key, nope
Holler at God: "Man, why'd you have to take my folks?"
Hope to see Freddie G., Yusef G, love my G
Rolly G, police watch me
Smoke my weed and count my Gs
Got a lot of people counting on me (That's right)
And I'm just tryin' to find my peace (That's right)
Should've finished school like my niece
Then I finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow!

[Chorus: Kanye West, GLC, & Kanye w/ Choir]
I've been working this grave-shift
Aww, man, this pressure
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 3: Consequence]
I 'member having to take the dollar cab
Coming home real late at night
Standing on my feet all damn day
Tryna make this thing right
And havin' one of my coworkers say, "Yo, you look just like
This kid I seen in an old Busta Rhymes video the other night"
Well, easy come, easy go, how that saying goes
No more broad service, cars, and them TV shows
That all had got snatched from me, A&Rs and they faculties
All turn their back on me and didn't wanna hear a rap from me
So naturally, actually, had to face things factually
Had to be a catastrophe, empty fridge is staring back at me
'Cause nothing's there, nothing's fair
I don't wanna ever go back there
So I won't be taking no days off 'til my spaceship takes off, bow!

[Chorus: Kanye West & Kanye w/ Choir]
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky, oh
I've been working this grave-shift
And I ain't made shit
I wish I could
Buy me a spaceship and fly
Past the sky
Oh, oh, oh

[Outro: Tony Williams]
I wanna fly
I wanna fly
I said I want my chariot to pick me up
And take a brother for a ride
(Heaven knows, heaven knows)

[Intro: Connie Mitchell]
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like "love to start shit"
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy?
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy
I get a call like, "Where are you, Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than a Nazi

[Chorus: Dwele & Connie Mitchell]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
But what do I know?
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)
What do I know? Know
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang
I know I was foul, baby
Ayy, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody woulda told me a month ago
Frontin', though, yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody woulda told me a year ago
It'll go get this difficult
Feelin' like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no Visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar

[Chorus: Dwele & Connie Mitchell]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
But what do I know?
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)
What do I know? Know
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)

[Outro: Dwele & Connie Mitchell]
As you recall, you know I love to show off
But you never thought that I would take it this far
But what do you know?
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)
What do you know? Know
Flashing lights (Lights, lights)
Flashing lights (Lights, lights, lights, lights...)

[Intro]
"Life," by Marshall Mathers
What is life?
Life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down
And every time you think you've gotten past it
It's gonna come back around to tackle you to the damn ground
What are friends?
Friends are people that you think are your friends
But they really your enemies with secret identities
And disguises to hide they true colors
So just when you think you close enough to be brothers
They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin'
What is money?
Money is what makes a man act funny
Money is the root of all evil
Money'll make them same friends come back around
Swearin' that they was always down
What is life? I'm tired of life

[Verse 1]
I'm tired of backstabbin'-ass snakes with friendly grins
I'm tired of committin' so many sins
Tired of always givin' in when this bottle of Henny wins
Tired of never havin' any ends
Tired of havin' skinny friends, hooked on crack and Mini Thins
I'm tired of this DJ playin' your shit when he spins
Tired of not havin' a deal
Tired of havin' to deal with the bullshit without grabbin' the steel
Tired of drownin' in my sorrow
Tired of havin' to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo
I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off
I'm tired of jobs startin' off
At $5.50 an hour, then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off
I'm tired of bein' fired every time I fart and cough
Tired of havin' to work as a gas station clerk
For this jerk, breathin' down my neck, drivin' me berserk
I'm tired of usin' plastic silverware
Tired of workin' at Builder's Square
Tired of not bein' a millionaire

[Chorus]
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on
While I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks, it wouldn't be enough
Because I'd still be out robbin' armored trucks
If I had one wish, I would ask
For a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

[Verse 2]
I'm tired of bein' white trash, broke and always poor
Tired of takin' pop bottles back to the party store
I'm tired of not havin' a phone
Tired of not havin' a home to have one in if I did have one on
Tired of not drivin' a BM
Tired of not workin' at GM, tired of wantin' to be him
Tired of not sleepin' without a Tylenol PM
Tired of not performin' in a packed coliseum
Tired of not bein' on tour
Tired of fuckin' the same blonde whore
After work, in the back of a Contour
I'm tired of fakin' knots with a stack of ones
Havin' a lack of funds and resortin' back to guns
Tired of bein' stared at
Tired of wearin' the same damn Nike Air hat
Tired of steppin' in clubs, wearin' the same pair of Lugz
Tired of people sayin' they're tired of hearin' me rap about drugs
Tired of other rappers who ain't bringin' half the skill as me
Sayin' they wasn't feelin' me on "Nobody's As Ill As Me"
And I'm tired of radio stations tellin' fibs
Tired of JLB sayin', "Where hip-hop lives"

[Chorus]
But if I had a million dollars
I'd buy a damn brewery and turn the planet into alcoholics
If I had a magic wand
I'd make the world suck my dick without a condom on
While I'm on the john
If I had a million bucks, it wouldn't be enough
Because I'd still be out robbin' armored trucks
If I had one wish, I would ask
For a big enough ass for the whole world to kiss

[Outro]
You know what I'm sayin'?
I'm tired of all of this bullshit, tellin' me to be positive
How am I 'posed to be positive when I don't see shit positive?
You know what I'm sayin'?
I rap about shit around me, shit I see
You know what I'm sayin'?
Right now, I'm tired of everything
Tired of all this player-hatin' that's goin' on in my own city
Can't get no airplay, you know what I'm sayin'?
But hey, it's cool though, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm just fed up, that's my word

[Intro]
I can almost taste it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it
I can almost see it
This shit makes no sense to me
What does it all mean?
I can almost taste it
I can almost taste it

[Spoken: Eminem]
Yeah, can't stop now
This might be the last chance I get to be famous
(I just wanna be famous)

[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem]
You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless
There is too much to lose, you cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous, but...
Be careful what you wish for

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist
They call me Slim Roethlisberger
I go berserker than a fed-up post office worker
I murk her with a Mossberg, I'm pissed off, get murdered
Like someone took a ketchup squirter, squirted a frankfurter
For a gangster, you sure did shit your pants
When you saw the chainsaw get to waving like a terrible towel
How thangs turn around when his fangs come out
Get your brains blown out, that's what I call blowin' your mind
When I come back, like nut on your spine
I'm a thumb tack that you slept on, son
Now here I come, screaming "Attack!" like I just stepped on one
Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em defiance, giant scrotum
He don't owe them bitches shit, his britches, he outgrowed 'em
He's so out cold, he's knocked out at the South Pole
And nobody fucks with him, rigor mortis and post mortem
He's dyin' of boredom
Take your best rhymes, record 'em, then try to thwart him
He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em
Shit-stained drawers, you gon' fuck with a guy
Who licks the blades of his chainsaws
While he dips 'em in P.F. Chang's sauce?
Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls
You think I'm backin' down?
You must be out of your dang skulls; I'm almost famous

[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem]
You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless
There is too much to lose, you cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous, but...
Be careful what you wish for

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm back for revenge, I lost a battle, that ain't happenin' again
I'm at your throat like strep, I step, strapped with a pen
Metaphors wrote on my hand, some are just stored in my memory
Some I wrote on a napkin; I do what I have to to win
Pullin' out all stops, any who touch a mic prior's
Not even Austin Powers, how the fuck are they Mike Myers?
And tell that psycho to pass the torch to the wacko
'Fore I take a shit in his Jack-O-Lantern and smash it on his porch
Now get off my dick! 'Dick''s too short of a word for my dick
Get off my antidisestablishmentarianism, you prick!
Don't call me the Champ, call me the Space Shuttle Destroyer
I just blew up the Challenger; matter fact, I need a lawyer
I just laced my gloves with enough plaster to make a cast
Beat his ass naked and peed in his corner like Verne Troyer
Y'all are Eminem backwards: you're Mini Mes
See, he's in a whole nother weight class
He's slugs, you're BBs: you're bean-bag bullets
You're full of it, you were dissin' his CD's
Laughed at Infinite, now he's back like someone pissed in his Wheaties
No peace treaties, he's turned into a beast
His new Slim Shady EP's got the attention of the mighty D.R.E
He's almost famous

[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem]
You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces
You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose
Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless
There is too much to lose, you cannot fill these shoes
I just wanna be famous, but...
Be careful what you wish for

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Now there he goes in Dre's studio, cuppin' his balls
Screamin' the wood off the panelin', cussin' the paint off the walls
Spewin' his hate to these haters, showin' no love for these broads
He ain't givin' them shit, he says he'll pinch a penny so hard
He'll leave a bruise on the bronze so dark you can see the mark
With the scars, 'til Abraham Lincoln is screamin' out, "Ahh!"
These metaphors and similes ain't similar to them, not at all
If they don't like it, they can all get fucked
Instead of suckin' him off
They can go get a belt or a neck tie to hang themselves by
Like David Carradine, they can go fuck themselves and just die
And eat shit while they at it, he's fuckin' had it
He's mad at the whole world
So go to hell and build a snowman, girl
The bullies become bullied, and pussies get pushed
Then they better pull me, take me back to 9th grade to school me
'Cause I ain't lookin' back, only forward, this whole spot blowin'
Who coulda known he'd grow to be a poet and not know it?
And while I'm bein' poetic, let me get it stoic and raise the bar
Higher than my opinion of these women's been lowered
So bear witness to some biblical shit, there's a cold wind blowin'
This world ain't gonna know what hit it
He did it, he made it, he's finally famous

[Intro]
A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit, I don't know
But I do know I'm back now
Haha

[Chorus]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground

[Verse 1]
Dre, I'm down here, under the ground, dig me up!
Broken tibias, fibias, yeah, fix me up
Sixty sluts, all of them dyin' from asphyxia
After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of Oxy pads
Enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab
Wack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jackin' off to a hockey mask at a boxing match
(He can't say that!) Yes, he can
I just did, faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next-of-kin
Tell 'em shit's about to get extra messy
Especially when I flex again
And throw a fuckin' lesbian in wet cement
Faggoty, faggoty, faggoty! Raggedy Ann and Andy
No! Raggedy Andy and Andy
No, it can't be, it can't be—yes, it can be
The fuckin' Anti-Christ is back, Dante
It's Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville, calamity, goddamn it
Insanity, pills, fanny pack filled with Xannies
Through every nook and cranny, lookin' for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk négligée, looky
Razor-ba-lades with me to make you ba-leed
Cases of Maybelline makeup lay on a table of weed
Slim Shady? Shit sounds like a fable to me
'Til he jumps out of the fuckin' toilet when you're takin' a pee

[Chorus]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground

[Verse 2]
Six semen samples, seventeen strands of hair
Found in the back of a van after the shoot with Vanity Fair
Hannah Montana, prepare to elope with a can opener
And be cut open like cantaloupe on canopy beds
And Glad bags, yeah glad to be back
'Cause last year was a tragedy that landed me smack-dab in rehab
Fuckin' doctor, I ain't understand a damn word he said
I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Bitin' into a fuckin' Vicodin like I'm a Viking
Oh, lightning is strikin', it might be a fuckin' sign I need a psychic
Evaluation, fuck Jason, it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day (Hah!)
And this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fuckin' lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missin' both legs and beggin' to stay

[Chorus]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground

[Verse 3]
Tell the critics I'm back and I'm comin' to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions, then split a bag of Funyuns
Mad at me? Understandable, cannibal, shoot an animal
Out of a cannon and have 'em catapult at an adult
Captain of a cult with an elite following
To turn Halloween back into a trick-or-treat holiday
Have Michael Myers lookin' like a liar, swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with a 40; stuck a suppository
Up his ass, and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lector a fuckin' nectarine
And sat him in the fuckin' fruit and vegetable section
And gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm Street with a fuckin' Wiffle bat drew
Fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands too
And came out with a little scratch, ooh
Lookin' like I got in a fuckin' pillow fight with a Triple F.A.T. goose
Insanity, can it be vanity?
Where's the humanity in having a twisted fantasy
With an arm-and-leg amputee?
Straitjacket with a hundred and eight brackets
And a strap that wraps twice around my back
Then they latch it; cut your fuckin' head off
And ask where you're headed off to
Get it? "Headed off to?" Medic, this headache's awful!
This anesthetic's pathetic, so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushin' my hard taco

[Chorus]
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground

[Outro]
So, it wasn't a choice, it was "I had to do this"
And now I got 90 days clean
And uh, that's all I have to share, thanks
(Thanks for sharing, Brian
Is there anyone else who'd like to share this evening?)
Yeah, I got something to share:
"When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here, baby boy, just come here to me
You're a cock-boy, everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So, homie, lay down, down, down
Lay down, down, down
Lay down, down, down, lay down, lay down"
Where's everybody going?
This always went over real big in Gay-A
Okay, wait, I got another one
"I just love condoms and lots of cum"
No? Well, shit!

[Intro]
Dro, fuck with me! (C Gutta!) Yeah

[Verse]
Live from the 504
It's Mr. Crazy Flow, jumping like a bungee, no rope
Even in the dungeon, I glow; even if it ain't sunny, I glow
If it ain't about money, I go... nowhere—I'm nailed to the floor
Money controls where I go, it is the sail to my boat
And it's going down, it's going down, like there's a whale in the boat
See, you can smell that I smoke, and yep, I sip that lean
You hit me with that combination, it make my eyes bleed
I'm a shark in the water, yep, I swim with the big
So I don't have time to deal with Willie the Squid
L-L-Lilypad niggas, L-L-Look at the monster
Y-Y-You don't want to crash, like "La-La-La Bamba"
See it's me, Ronnie, and Terry; and my new drop is berry
Watermelon, plum; just call it "fruit punch"
I'm an old rapper getting new bucks
And all you new rappers, you just new lunch (New lunch)
Flow sick, so sick, need a doc, yes
A creature, monster, like the Loch Ness
I gets hotter by the tock, before I sizzle to death
I just tell the clock, "Gimme a sec"
In the middle of the war—where my enemy at?
I'm running this bitch, like Eric Bieniemy back
'Cause e'ery time I hit a track, I'm like an energy pack
The instruments are crying out, "Where the sympathy at?"
Yeah, if you betting money, baby, him'll be back
Whatever legends look like, bitch, I'm finna be that
I walked right in hip-hop, like, "Where my dinner be at?"
I ate that, and I was like, "Where my dinner be at?"
I hate that women lie, so I lie to them back
Got two bitches in my pants—quiet? Neither them that
A lot of bitches want dick, I give a lot of them that
Let's do a pill, I can fuck you for an hour with that
And to the kids, drugs kill—I'm acknowledging that
But when I'm on a drug, I don't have a problem with that
And my niggas got guns the size of toddlers, biatch
And we aiming right at your fucking collar, biatch—pow!

[Intro]
Yeah
It's me and T, man
T.I.
Dot-com, bitch! Hahaha!
T.I.P., fuck with your boy
Ayy, that is my brothers, ladies and gentlemen
T.I.—and he is the king, bitch
Don't get that shit twisted
And me? I am the best rapper alive—ladies and gentlemen, hello!
This is Da Drought 3
And it's been a minute since I've rapped on a Mannie Fresh beat, but, uh...
I guess I'll go 'head on and show these niggas what to do with one of your beats, man
Listen

[Verse]
I like my seat down low and my window slightly cracked
Riding with a bad ho with her girlfriend in the back
I like to get real high, and I never look back
And you don't wanna try, man—don't I look strapped?
I come from the hardest city, ain't nobody fucking with it
Got a black-and-gold soul, with a fresh New Orleans fitted
And a collar Polo and a pair of Bally Bucks
Young Money, motherfucker, know you worried 'bout us
Cash Money, motherfucker, CMR, I trust
Never had my jaw broken, but his jaw, I bust
And I probably got your girlfriend on my bus
What happens on my bus stays on my bus
And that white widow weed out the jar is a must
If you give me a cigar, then a cigar, I'll bust
Put that white widow weed in the cigar and puff
Look ma, I'm tryna make a porno, starring us
Well, not just us—a couple foreign sluts
Yeah, we could make this a ménage à trois-ing, darling
I be with Jim Jones, and we be balling—balling?
Yeah, baby, we balling, like Rawlings and Spalding
Pint of DJ Screw and that Hawaiian, I am—
Leaning like a three-legged lion, climbing—
Right to the top of the motherfucking mountain, counting
I'm gonna need me and a accountant to count it
Mannie got this fucking beat pounding—it's pounding
But it was just lost until I found it—I found it
Stole it like a scoundrel, Hollygrove hound it
Put this bitch to sleep—fucking right—I nightgowned it
Niggas talkin cheap; tell them niggas, "Pipe down, bitch!"
Bloods in the building, and now, everybody soundless
Beating up this track like a motherfucking round-fist
Blind, deaf, or crazy, I'ma spit, like a long kiss
I am just a Martian, ain't nobody else on this—
Planet, I know; see, I live by my only
Say, where my cheese, nigga? Where my macaroni?
Baby, I get up in that ass and act a donkey
Candy on candy, nigga, gripping the grain
See, I am the only fire that can live in the rain
I am so, so New Orleans
Like 18-25-TULANE!

[Outro]
Hahaha.... See, you gotta be from New Orleans to know what the fuck I'm talkin bout
And if you don't, fuck you
Hahaha
I say what I want
And I don't want nothing
'Cause I got everything, bitch

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Bangladesh
Young Money!
You dig?
Mack, I'm going in

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
A millionaire, I'm a Young Money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease like a menstrual bleed
Through the pencil and leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
'Cause I don't write shit ;cause I ain't got time
'Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-ch-ch-ch-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father, motherfuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancing on the bridge, pussy popping
Tell the coppers, "Hahahaha
You can't catch him, you can't stop him"
I go by them goon rules
If you can't beat 'em, then you pop 'em
You can't man 'em, then you mop 'em
You can't stand 'em, then you drop 'em
You pop 'em 'cause we pop 'em like Orville Redenbacher

[Break: Lil Wayne & Cory Gunz]
Yeah, motherfucker I'm ill
Yeah, Wayne, I'm going in

[Verse 2: Cory Gunz]
I'm illy in here with them Young Money millionaires
Think you really pop a wheelie in air?
Mac Milli, the Vanilli's in here
I'm a rascal, don't get whopped
I get brats who don't give top
I get tassel, pass you with a flow you could never put a brake on
And I break on anything a nigga take on
Feel the napalm from my trey arm, straight long
Throw a nigga like I'm Akon, cause I'm acorns
Where the base gone? get the base blown
Let the Pistons on that chopper
Come on, cops, I'm kamikaze, drop a rock with them Obamas
Illie in the mind, really with the nine, millie when I rhyme
Silly anytime fine, chilly, gitty on the grind
Shitty on a dime, Penny on the line
Plenty's in me, any guineas with 'em
Bigger than a mini, and remind I'm
Illy, and it's all off G.P.s and a PG walk by, beep-beep
Need a freak, skeet, hawk out, big feet on a jeep
She caught by Weezy F
We be the best, truly to death, prove me the rest
Groupies confess, you be the ref, excuse me, I left
Haha!

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
A millionaire, I'm a young money millionaire
What, 'chyall really want it? Nah, y'all don't really wanna do it
If hip hop is dead, I am the embalming fluid
And I don't care who it be, I'm steppin' to it
Notice I say 'it', cause to me, it ain't shit
Get, it?
Call me whatcha like, trick, call me on my Sidekick
Never answer when it's private, man, I hate a shy chick
Don't you hate a shy chick? I had a plate of shy chick
And she ain't shy no mo', she changed her name to "My chick"
Yeah, boy, that's my girl
And she pops excellent up in Wayne's world
Totally, dude
You should see their faces when they see that this robot can move

[Break: Lil Wayne]
And it say...
Hahaha, yeah
And it go...
That's right

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
A millionaire, I'm a
Young Money, Cash Money, fast money
Slow money, mo' money, never no money
What is that, who is that? I never heard of it
I will take your picture and make a "Rest In Peace" shirt of it
Some should take this beat and make a "Rest In Peace" shirt of it
Because I killed it, now, don't tell no one you heard of me
It's like the beat was screamin', "Murder me!"
And I'm a murderer, so I murdered it
And you niggas is what I'm eating, I'll make sure of it
And he who don't believe me, I'll make dessert of him
Sherbet him, I mean, shame on him, or her; Carter, father of
This rap thing, this is my race
Go on, take a lap, man, Weezy Baby's nursery
Now, gon' take a nap, man, it's naptime
I'll holla back at you at snacktime

[Break: Lil Wayne]
Weezy...
F...
Yeah, OK

[Verse 5: Lil Wayne]
They say I'm rappin' like B.I.G, Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at, who dat?
Who dat said they gon' beat Lil' Wayne
My name ain't Bic, but I keep dat flame, man
Who dat wanna do dat, boy? You knew dat, you dat swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't O-U like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
Haha, and I'd rather be pushing flowers
Than to be in the pen sharing showers
See, Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden, and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawnmower
Boy, I got so many bitches like I'm Mike Lowry
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Man, life just ain't life without me
Hip-hop just ain't hip-hop without me

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Young Moola, baby
C3

[Intro: Eminem]
Guess who? D'you miss me?
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!

[Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem]
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You’re a rock star (Baby) (Yeah)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We’re the ones who made you

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Ahem, back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand?
How does it feel? Is it fantastic? Is it grand?
Well, look at all the massive masses in the stands
"Shady, man, no, don't massacre the fans!"
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him, just ‘cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it, then squish it, then pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can?
Yes, he can-can; don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But, Lindsay, please come back to seeing men
Samantha's a two; you're practically a ten
I know you want me, girl, in fact, I see you grin
Now come in, girl

[Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem]
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You’re a rock star (Baby)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We’re the ones who made you

[Verse 2: Eminem]
The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and charley-horse her
Sorry, Portia, but what's Ellen DeGeneres
Have that I don't? Are you telling me tenderness?
Well, I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner, then
Nail her, baby, say hello to my little friend!
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut off the middleman
Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men, girl, pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in
Love with me, John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys, you give 'em an inch
They take a mile; they got style, but it isn't Slim

[Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem]
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You’re a rock star (Baby)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We’re the ones who made you

[Bridge: Eminem]
And that's why, my love
You'll never live without
I know you want me, girl
'Cause I can see you checking me out
And, baby, you know
You know you want me too
Don't try to deny it, baby
I'm the only one for you (*fart*)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Damn, girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out?
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess with your gal, but
Jessica Alba put her breasts on my mouth (Blup!)
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
"Lord, help us, he's back in his pink ALF shirt
Looking like someone shrinked his outfit!"
I think he's 'bout to flip, Jessica
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Matter of fact, bake me a birthday cake
With a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down, girl

[Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem]
When you walked through the door (Woo!)
It was clear to me (Clear to me)
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see (Who they came to see)
You’re a rock star (Baby)
Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you)
Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?)
We’re the ones who made you

[Outro: Eminem]
So baby
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, get down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, down, down
Baby, get down, get down
Oh Amy! Rehab never looked so good!
I can't wait, I'm going back
Ha-ha, woo!
Dr. Dre! 2020!
Yeah!

[Intro: Paul Rodgers]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me?
Are you tryin' to get through?
Are you reaching out for me?
I'm reaching out for you

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm just so fucking depressed
I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need something to pull me out this dump
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down then I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when
I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt
To vent, but I just can't admit
Or come to grips with the fact that
I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet
And I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow, but I know one fact:
I'll be one tough act to follow
One tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles—

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem]
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes

[Chorus: Eminem]
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you, so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you, so

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I think I'm startin' to lose my sense of humor
Everything's so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature
Of the room, just as soon as
I walk in, it's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
'Cause if I do that, then it opens a door
For conversation like I want that
I'm not lookin' for extra attention
I just wanna be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fuckin' man servant
Tryna follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of 'em ain't even funny, like, "Ha!
Marshall, you're so funny, man
You should be a comedian, goddamn!"
Unfortunately I am
I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down?
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles—

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem]
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes

[Chorus: Eminem]
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you, so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you, so

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip 'em, don't expect no help
Now, I could've either just sat
On my ass and pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
And sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in
In every single place, every school I went
I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant actin' stupid
Aunt Edna always told me:
"Keep making that face, it'll get stuck like that."
Meanwhile, I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue, tryin' to talk like this
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen
Stop sign pole at eight-years-old
I learned my lesson then, 'cause I wasn't
Tryin' to impress my friends no mo'
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
'Cause where you see it from where you're sittin'
It's probably a 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a
Mile in each other's shoes at least
What size you wear? I wear 10's
Let's see if you can fit your feet—

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem]
In my shoes, just to see
What it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes
Just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine
Go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find
Look at shit through each other's eyes

[Chorus: Eminem]
But don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you, so
Don't let 'em say you ain't beautiful, oh
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you, so

[Bridge: Paul Rodgers, Eminem]
Lately I've been hard to reach
I've been too long on my own (Oh)
Everybody has a private world
Where they can be alone (So)
Are you calling me?
Are you tryin'g to get through? (Oh)
Are you reaching out for me?
I'm reaching out for you (So)

[Outro: Eminem]
Yeah
To my babies:
Stay strong
Your Dad'll be home soon
And to the rest of the world:
God gave you shoes
To fit you
So put 'em on and wear 'em
Be yourself, man
Be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny
Don't never let no one tell you
You ain't beautiful (So-oh-oh-oh-oh)

[Intro: Eminem & 50 Cent]
Man! Let's go
Hey yo, Fif'!
Yeah?
Call 'em and tell 'em...
It's time to hate us again
We're back!
Haha!

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be Black, white, or albino, yeah
You can have cornrows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head (*Crash*)
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think you just don't say it and I won't say it
See, if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need ya'll to co-sign no shit
You can just keep makin' them tired old threats
A little bit like "The Boy Who Cried Wolf," yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
The rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightening bolts, right out the sky, go bad
From out of nowhere, you might just find your career
Come to it, (Eek!) and I'm just like (Oh, yeah!)

[Chorus: Eminem]
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy's can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
You jealous little fucks beg for my attention, but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit (Yeah)
Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it
'Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let 'em, inside's like "Go get 'em"
And I'm just like "Why you're tryin' to fight momentum?"
We just keep winnin', by landslides, oh, and um
Shady Limited's, in any size yo' denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say "Our clothing line's on Fiyaa''
Meanwhile, your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I'll just keep fucking you like I fucked her
Right in the ass with K-Y, yes, sir!
So full of joy, boy, am I absurd?
Even Chingy would tell you: "That boy don't curr"

[Chorus: Eminem]
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy's can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is G-Unit at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)
(Haha!)

[Verse 3: 50 Cent]
Your homie got clapped on, man, I don't care
The cops in my nana crib, but I'm not there
It is what it is, dawg, man, life's not fair
Your friends should've known not to front 'round here
Listen, kid, where I'm from,  the wolves smell fear
They'll strip your ass of your jewels right here
Man, I'ma say this one time, now get this clear
Man, you can catch a hot one like outta nowhere
A beautiful day without drama is rare
Your girl's a freak, man, sometimes we share
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare
You probably heard about me, I'm a sho nuff player
In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor
Ridin', winin', dinin' and shinin', know what I'm sayin'?
I ain't got time for fuckin' around, and horseplayin'
I'm makin' hits, my homies takin' hits, who's stayin'

[Chorus: Eminem]
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy's can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)

[Outro: Eminem & 50 Cent]
Haha, haha
Yeah!
It's The Re-Up!
Haha
God, I love it
You know you hate that laugh, don't you?
Haha, haha
Keep doin' it
Do it again
What?
The laugh
Oh, haha, haha!
I like that
Haha, haha, haha, haha
Hehehe
You don't think they're gonna think we're really crazy, right?

[Intro]
Ha...
Take it, FATBOI
No Ceilings
Ugh

[Verse]
Rockstar lifestyle, might not make it
President, got 'em in the White House naked
Looked at the clock and it say, "Right now"
Get a pound, break it down, blow it like trial
Panatela Dutchie, wine in my tall glass
Young Money, baby, big shit, like a horse ass
Stacks in my backpack, shades on, hat back
Bugatti, matte black—"Where they do that at?"
South Beach Miami, ho, I'm probably with Tammy To'
My life is a video and the women want they cameo
I just want them pantyhose, and I’m higher than Ger-an-imo
And I got them tools, tell them boys it could get mechanical
Now, pop that pussy like a four-four
I turn you 'round and bend you over like a low blow
It’s Young Money, baby, we the fucking greatest
We done put them other niggas on a hiatus
Beat your bitch with the pump if she deny data
'Cause I’ll serve anyone like a blind waiter
I make my girl cum first; then, I arrive later
I shake you pussies up, I'm a vibrator, haha!
G—Getting money like, "Hell yeah"
This shit so good, it don’t even smell bad
And you can tell Dad that I’m a motherfucker
You niggas bet' not slip—Ice Road Truckers
Light-pole barrel, chopper stupid-long
New Orleans nigga, I get super-dome
Loyal to the game, the game been good to me
Still spitting fire, you niggas wood to me, ha!
We on, nigga; let—let them hoes know
Young Money lay 'em down like old folks
You coming with it? We coming for it
Plenty to go around—now, watch the money orbit
Real shit, people; now, just absorb it
I tried to pay attention, but y'all mad boring
And I got so much swag, I need an ad for it
And I don’t like to brag, so my bitches brag for me
Oh, she a good girl? I got her transforming
She give me hot head, I call it "global warming"
If we gon' do it, dog, let's do it now
I—I—I am more animal than the zoo allow
Put me in the wild, I’ll be there for a while
You niggas Little League, call 'em Curaçao
Energizer money: it keep going
I’m laid up, I’m free-throwing
Who rebounding? Who gives a shit?
Fuck that, I got 27 years of this
Hit or miss, I hit your missus
You are local news; I’m 60 Minutes
I—I hit the target, I hit the witness
I work out in my office—guess I’m fit for business
Too many visions, completed missions
Still icing out crosses—keep it Christian
We consistent, the streets commend it
Weezy F. Baby, the "F" is for "Forensics"
From start to finish, Usain Wayne
OK, you doing your thing? Well, things change
You plain-Jane, I’m diverse
I save the world second, and I get high first
I’m a mind freak, check my time sheet
Bitch, I bring the noise where the lions sleep
Your flow never wet, like Grandma pussy
I’m always good, like Grandma cookies
Yeah, call me the spleen or the spine fixer
It's going down like the Catalina Wine Mixer
She going down like the hands on my time-ticker
I’m always strapped—Vietnam, nigga
We are fine, nigga, like Amber Rose
We ball, nigga, like Jalen Rose
Better tell them hoes, I got a million flows
Label me the hardest nigga in civilian clothes
Young Money, baby, and the building grows
As we look up—where did the ceilings go?

[Outro]
Hahaha
No Ceilings

[Verse 1]
Hey there, pretty girl
You know exactly what you got
And I don't blame you at all
You can't resist it
Especially when the light's so bright
And the money's so right
And it's comin' in every single night
She don't wanna leave
She just stuck in

[Chorus]
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas (Ayy)
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlanta, she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas (Ayy)
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas
And she dance to the song
And she dance to the song
And it go, "Hey now, now, watch her go down"
Oh, oh, oh

[Verse 2]
She doesn't ever worry
If she wants it, she'll get it on her own
She knows there's more to life
And she's scared of ending up alone

[Pre-Chorus]
Throw your ones up in the air
Throw your ones up in the air for her
Throw your ones up in the air
''Cause the ones you throw will get her out of

[Chorus]
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas (Ayy)
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlanta, she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas (Ayy)
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas
And she dance to the song
And she dance to the song
And it go, "Hey now, now, watch her go down"
Oh, oh

[Verse 3]
We all got dreams and we all star reachin'
All start peakin', all-star weekend
One hotel room that all y'all sleep in
Housekeeper knock to see if all y'all decent
Young girls envy the life y'all leadin'
Never satisfied with a nice calm evenin'
You be at the games lookin' right all season
But you always with me on the night y'all leavin'
Ask Lo, ask Lo, I always request you
You go get fucked up and we just show up at your rescue
Carry you inside, get you some water and undress you
I give you my all and the next morning you'll forget who
Or why, or how, or when
Tonight, it's prolly 'bout to happen all over again
And she live in a mindset that I could never move to
Until you find yourself, it's impossible to lose you
Uh, because I never had you, although I would be glad to
I'd probably go and tattoo your name on my heart
I swear, I start to think that I'm going crazy

[Pre-Chorus]
Throw your ones up in the air
Throw your ones up in the air for her
Throw your ones up in the air
'Cause the ones you throw will get her out of

[Chorus]
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas (Ayy)
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlanta, she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas (Ayy)
Houstatlantavegas (Ayy), Houstatlantavegas
And she dance to the song
And she dance to the song
And it go, "Hey now, now, watch her go down"
Oh, oh, oh

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Turn it up
Turn it up
Turn it up
Just turn it up
Now turn it up
Just turn it up
HAHA HA
TURN IT UP!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
No regrets at all
I'm high and I hope you catch the fall
Welcome to my lecture hall
You can't shake my infection off
Take me to your leader and
I promise I will be the man
Swim until I see the sand
Then die soon as I reach the land
The water's over our hands
What happened to our plans?
Swim until I see the sand
Then die soon as I reach the land!

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
This is my resurrection, so fuck your resolution
I don't need no protection, I don't need your confusion
Don't know what to believe, don't know what to believe
Don't know what to believe, don't care what you believe!
Cause I'm so over you, yeah I'm so over you
Yeah I fly over you, cause I'm so over you

[Verse 2: Shanell]
I did everything by the book, book, book
Scribbling all over all of the notes that I took, took
Find that you're no better than a crook, ooh!
Set and developed I felt I could trust you, struck
Showed them a picture of my ID
That's not enough to prove that it's me
Look in the mirror, now who should I be-lieve?

[Chorus: Lil Wayne & Shanell]
This is my resurrection, so fuck your resolution
I don't need no protection, I don't need your confusion
Don't know what to believe, don't know what to believe
Don't know what to believe, don't care what you believe!
Cause I'm so over you, yeah I'm so over you
Yeah I fly over you, cause I'm so over you

[Intro: Kanye West]
Yeah
And you say Chi city!
Chi city! Chi city!

[Chorus: Chris Martin & Kanye West]
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then? (Yeah)
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again (Ow!)
-Min' home again

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I met this girl when I was three years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me, little homie, I know you don't know me
But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees."
And from that point, I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to toe 'em off
And make 'em straighten up their hat 'cause she know they soft
And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime, her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers 'cause they always leave
She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me."
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, "'Ye, keep makin' that, keep makin' that platinum and gold for me!"

[Chorus: Chris Martin]
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
But if you really cared for her
Then you wouldn't've never hit the airport to follow your dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her
But when I talk to her, it always seems like she talkin' 'bout me
She said, "You left your kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you," and I just got through
Talkin' 'bout what niggas tryin' to do: just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
Every interview, I'm representin' you, makin' you proud
Reach for the stars, so if you fall, you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talkin' 'bout Chi-Town

[Chorus: Chris Martin]
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
-Min' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? Oh!
Now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

[Outro: Chris Martin]
Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al
Comin' home again
Loy-oy-al, loy-oy-al
Comin' home again
Maybe we can start again

[Intro]
A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions
A lot of people think that what I say on a record
Or what I talk about on a record
That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody
That I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it
Well, shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you
You know why? 'Cause I'm a criminal!
Criminal! You're goddamn right
I'm a criminal! Yeah, I'm a criminal!

[Verse 1]
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's yes
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Starin' at my jeans, watchin' my genitals bulgin' (Ooh!)
That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em!
"Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me!
And I was just checkin' the mail, get it? Checkin' the male?"
How many records you expectin' to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail?
Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an amen! (A-men!)
"Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital"
Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher!
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing 'cause
I watch TV and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from toppin' these charts
And you can't stop me from droppin' each March
With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards (Duh)
And to think, it's just little ol' me
Mr. Don't-Give-a-Fuck still won't leave

[Chorus]
I'm a criminal!
'Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird
And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one
I'm a criminal!
'Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird
And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

[Verse 2]
The mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed
The baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby, 'cause that baby was me
I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised?
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drank more liquor to fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word—
My morals went *thhbbpp* when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee
Now, don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
You can't miss me: I'm white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs as long as it ain't happenin' to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Em-
-inem and Kim combined (The maniac's in)
In place of the Doctor 'cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place (Mm-mm-mmm!)
Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you, Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
I guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh?
I'm a criminal!

[Skit]
MEL-MAN: Aight, look
EMINEM: Uh-huh
MEL-MAN: Just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfuckin' money and get the fuck up outta there
EMINEM: Aight
MEL-MAN: I'll be right here waitin' on you
EMINEM: Aight
MEL-MAN: Yo, Em
EMINEM: What?!
MEL-MAN: Don't kill nobody this time
EMINEM: Awwright… goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves!
{*Whistling*} How you doin'?
TELLER: Hi, how can I help you?
EMINEM: Yeah, I need to make a withdrawal
TELLER: Okay
EMINEM: Put the fuckin' money in the bag, bitch, and I won't kill you!
TELLER: What? Oh my God, don't kill me!
EMINEM: I'm not gonna kill you, bitch, quit lookin' around
TELLER: Don't kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me!
EMINEM: I said I'm not gonna fuckin' kill you
TELLER: Don't kill me!
EMINEM: Hurry the fuck up! {*Gunshot*} Thank you!

[Verse 3]
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it (Go, go, go!)
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it and if anybody identifies
The guy in it, I hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask

[Chorus]
I'm a criminal!
'Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird
And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one
I'm a criminal!
'Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird
And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

[Chorus]
I'm a criminal!
'Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird
And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one
I'm a criminal!
'Cause every time I write a rhyme these people think it's a crime
To tell 'em what's on my mind, I guess I'm a criminal!
I don't gotta say a word, I just flip 'em the bird
And keep goin', I don't take shit from no one

[Outro]
(I am) I'm a criminal!

[Intro: Lupe Fiasco]
Dedicate, dedicate
This one right here goes out
To my homie with the dream, nah mean?

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
He said, "I write what I see
Write to make it right, don't like where I be
I'd like to make it like the sights on TV
Quite the great life, so nice and easy"
Sí, now you can still die from that
But it's better than not being alive from straps
Agreed, a Mead notebook
And a Bic that click when it's pushed
And a wack-ass beat — That's a track that's weak
That he got last week
Cause everybody in the stu' was like, "That's that heat"
A bass-heavy medley, with a sample from the 70s
With a screwed-up hook that went "stack that cheese"
Somethin'-somethin'-somethin'; "stack that cheese"
Mother, sister, cousin; "stack that cheese"
He couldn't think of nothin'; "stack that cheese"
He turns down the beat, writer's block impedes
Crying from the next room, a baby in need
Of some Pampers and some food and place to sleep
That, plus a black Cadillac on Ds
Is what keep him on track to be a great MC

[Hook: Nikki Jean]
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved me
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved my life

[Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco]
Reps North-side, so he rocks them braids
1100 friends on his MySpace page
"Stack That Cheese" got 700 plays
Producer made him take it down, said he had to pay
Open mic champ two weeks in a row
Ex D-boy with a B-boy flow
Glow like Leroy, you should see boy go
Got a daddy serving life and a brother on the row
Best homie in the grave, tatted up while in the cage
Minute Maid got his momma working like a slave
Down baby mama who he really had to honor
‘Cause she was his biggest fan, even let him use her Honda
To drive up to Dallas, went to open up for amateurs
Let him keep a debit card so he could put gas in it
Told her when he get on he gon' take her to the Galleria
Buy her everything but the mannequins, ya dig?

[Hook: Nikki Jean]
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved me
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved my life

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
His man called, said "Your time might be now
They played your freestyle over 'Wipe Me Down'
They played it two times, said it might be crowned
As the best thing out the H-Town in a while"
He picked up his son with a great big smile
Rapped every single word to the newborn child
Then he put him down and went back to the kitchen
And put on another beat and got back to the mission of
Get his momma out the hood, put her somewhere in the woods
Keep his lady looking good, have her rolling like she should
Show his homies there's a way, other than that flippin' yay
Bail his homie out of jail, put a lawyer on his case
Throw a concert for the school, show the shorties that it's cool
Throw some candy on the Caddy, chuck the deuce and act a fool
Man, it feels good when it happens like that
Two days from going back to selling crack, yessir

[Hook: Nikki Jean]
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved me
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved my life
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved me
One you never heard of, I
Push it harder, further, the
Grind might feel like murder, but
Hip-Hop, you saved my life

[Outro: Nikki Jean]
Hip-Hop, you saved my life
Hip-Hop, you saved my life

[Intro: Eminem & Sly Jordan]
Like a verbal seduction when
Seduction when I tell 'em girls on the floor
I don't know, man (Geh-geh-geh)
Just feels like we're a lot different (Right now)
(Girls on the floor) It kinda feels like (Like a verbal seduction when)
I'm on a whole different page right now than you (Girls on the floor)
It feels strange, but umm (Girls on the floor)
I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like...

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I feel like I'm morphin' into somethin' that's so incredible
That I'm dwarfin' all competitors
Better get your girlfriend in check
It's psychological warfare, endorphins I effect
Your self-esteem shatters as dialect comes blastin' out your deck
She loves me, such passion, you'd expect
This sort of reaction from her, yet you strong-arm
You're fuckin' corny, you try to turn your charm on
'Cause you just think you're Bishop the Don Juan
But if you think that you're fuckin' with me, homie, you're on one
I'm cockin' my head back like Ed Lover, "C'mon, son!"
She's on my Johnson, she brings my name up constant
Your boys are like, "She's fuckin' with dude, she wants some"
Homeboy, you better get a clue
She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you
What you expect her to do?
How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closin' her eyes
Fantasizin' of diggin' her nails in my back to this track?

[Chorus: Eminem & Sly Jordan]
Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
(It's like a verbal seduction when)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
(It's like a verbal seduction when)
Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
(It's like a verbal seduction when)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
She's sittin' there gettin' liquored up at the bar
She says it's quicker to count the things that ain't wrong with you
Than to count the things that are
There's a seven-disc CD changer in her car
And I'm in every single slot, and you're not — aww!
I'm the logo on that Dallas Cowboy helmet: a star
And I'm not about to sit back
And just keep rhymin' one syllable — naw!
Switch it up and watch them haters not give it up
'Cause they're just not good enough, but I'm not givin' up
'Til I get my respect and I won't stop 'til I get enough
'Cause I'm not livin' up to my own expectations (Aww!)
That hater alarm is soundin' off
And Obama took the bomb from my name (Aww!)
So quit cryin' that I took your dame, homie, she's my dame (Aww!)
You sadly mistaken if you thinkin' that I'm not on my game, boy
And things just ain't been the same since the day that I came forth
You wear your heart on your sleeve, I sport that white tank, boy
But you got a hard-on for me, what you hollerin' my name for?
It's your bitch on my dick, ain't my dang fault, man, I can't call it

[Chorus: Eminem & Sly Jordan]
Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
(It's like a verbal seduction when)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
(It's like a verbal seduction when)
Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
(It's like a verbal seduction when)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
It's like we're playin' lyrical tug of war with your ear
You hear it, girl? Come here
Put your ear up to the speaker, dear
While I freak this world premiere
Seducin' her, loosen up
With a little freestyle that'll— wait, am I losin' ya?
Am I makin' you look bad? Well, I got news for ya
Homie, you losin' her
Oh wait, she don't like when I spit it fast
Am I tryin' to show how? Let me slow it down some
It's still gonna be a blow-out
You're gonna wanna throw out your whole album
Rummage through the shit and try to salvage somethin' to see
If you can save any of it, punk, but none of it's fuckin' with me
Prick, you really feelin' that bullshit?
You think you killin' them syllables? Quit
Playin', these beats ain't nothin' to fool with
They call me Fire Marshall: I shut the shit down
Your entire arsenal is not enough to fuck with one round
I am also the opposite of what you are like
You're a microcosm of what the fuck I am on the mic
I am awesome and you are just awe-struck
She's love-stricken, she's got her jaw stuck
From suckin' my dick... aw, fuck

[Chorus: Eminem & Sly Jordan]
Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
(It's like a verbal seduction when)
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
(It's like a verbal seduction when)
Seduction, seduce
Ain't nobody who's as good at what I do
'Cause one minute she loves you, the next she don't
She's been stolen from you
(It's like a verbal seduction when)

[Intro]
Yeah, ohh, yeah yeah, ohh
I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing
I smell something in the air that's making me (High)
I said, I smell something in the air that's making me high

[Verse 1]
Okay, here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, fa-so-la-ti-da-so
Lyrical Roscoe, kick back the Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tick-tock, so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick-axe, a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe 'cross your six-pack with X-acto
Knives, stranglin' wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass, Zig-Zags, I'm with the Doc, so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not wanna try this at home, my lil' vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow
It's not what you expected, nor what you thought, so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke

[Chorus]
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

[Verse 2]
Your dreams are gettin' fulfilled, ooh, I'm literally gettin' a chill
Spittin' at will, me and Dre have just finished splittin' a pill
You're submittin' to skill, sittin' still
I'm admittin' I'm beginnin' to feel like I don't think anyone's real
Faced with a dilemma: I can be Dalai Lama
And be calm or bring drama, a step beyond of Jeffrey Dahmer
Please don't upset me, mama, you're lookin' sexy, mama
Don't know if it's the lala or the rum and Pepsi, mama
Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza
How many people you know who can name every serial
Killer who ever existed in a row?
Put 'em in chronological order, beginnin' with Jack the Ripper
Name the time and place; from the body, the bag, the zipper
Location of the woods, where the body was dragged and then dumped
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate
And which model, which lake they found her in, how they attacked the victim
Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one
Which knife and which gun, what kid, what wife, and which nun
Don't stop, I like this, it's fun, the fuckin' night's just begun

[Chorus]
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

[Verse 3]
When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that you're tryna light
Behind the board sits Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say this is the way it should be?
Maybe you need some lyric syrup serum for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote, now you give him some
He can give her some, she can give them some
Get behind a LinnDrum, make up a beat and cure the sucker syndrome
The spinnin' drum when it comes to lyrics and pennin' some
Startin' from scratch and then endin' up at the ending of
Capable of winnin' a Pulitzer
So unbelievable, it's a titanium cranium that's full of sur–
–prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos (High)
Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drinking

[Chorus]
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Hindi that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind

[Intro]
Yeah!
Oh!
Get up (Where my trash at?)
I said, get up (You know what happens when I'm around, man)
Woo! Let's go
Better watch out now 'cause here we come
And we ain't stoppin' until we see the morning sun
So give us room to do our thing 'cause we ain't come to hurt no one
So e'erybody come and get up on the floor now and grab someone

[Verse 1]
Man, first of all; I'm a boss, I just want to get that across
Man, even my dentist hates when I floss
Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche
Garbage bag for one of the windows, spray-painted doors
With the flames on 'em, Michigan plates, and my name's on 'em
Baby, Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him
But he ain't stupid so quit tryna run them games on him
He's immune to Cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him?
'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man
Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can
There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance
We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance?
She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man
In the streets of Warren, Michigan, we call 'em tramp stamps
That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps down
And show this hussy who's the man now get amped, dance

[Chorus]
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party (White trash party)
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're having a white trash party (White trash party)

[Verse 2]
Pull a fifth of Bacardi from out of my underwear
And walk around the party without a care, like a body without a head
Lookin' like a zombie from Night of the Living Dead
And tomorrow, I'll probably still be too high to get out of bed
'Til I feel like I been hit with the sharp part of the hammer
Mixin' Hennessy and Fanta with Pepto and Mylanta (Woo)
I shoot the gift like I'm hollerin' "Die Santa"
Missed the tree and hit Rudolph and two innocent bystanders (Yeah)
So quit tryna play the wall like you Paul, and
Get on the floor when the beat drops and stop stallin'
They call me the Stephon Marbury of rap, darlin'
'Cause as soon as they throw on some R. Kelly, I start ballin'
Makin' it rain for the ladies in the minis
But I'm not throwin' ones, fives, tens, or even twenties
I'm throwin' quarters, nickels, dimes, pennies up at skinnies
Man, I do this for them bunnies up at Denny's, from the North, East, and West
But when it comes to them trailers in them South parks
Muffle it, 'cause, homie, that hood's tighter than Kenny's
So, ladies, if your belly button's not an innie, then I'm outtie
Now hop in my minivan, let's get rowdy
Come on

[Chorus]
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party (White trash party)
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're having a white trash party (White trash party)

[Bridge]
Now whether you're black, white, or purple, if you're misunderstood
But you don't give a fuck, you ain't doin' shit that you should
Long as you know you're up to evil and you're no damn good
Get on the floor, man, and rep your hood

[Verse 3]
Now, honey, don't let them pricks trip, we should make a quick dip
And go do some doughnuts in the hospital parking lot, 'cause, girl—I got a sick whip
Kick the back window outta my Gremlin
Put two milk crates in the trunk, rip out the stick shift
And make a five-seater, I'll be damned if I feed a chick
It ain't like me to split a piece of dry pita
I be the S-L-to-the-I-M to the S-H-A-D-Y
And I don't need a tank top to be a wife beater
I'll rip a tree out the ground and flip it upside down
'Fore I turn over a new leaf, clown
I'll tell you now, I'm so raw, I still need to unthaw
You feel me, y'all? I shut the club down like Drake in the mall
But baby, a body like that's against the law
You the baddest little chain with the blades I ever saw
Coleslaw containers, empty straw wrappers and all
You got more junk in your trunk than I do in my car
Now get up

[Chorus]
Now you can do this on your own
But everyone knows that no one likes to be alone
So get on the floor and grab somebody
Ain't nothin' but a white trash party
So let's have us a little bash
And if anyone asks, it ain't no one but us trash
You don't know, you better ask somebody
'Cause we're having a white trash party (White trash party)

[Intro: Eminem]
Yeah, haha
You feel that, baby?
Yeah, I feel it too, damn
(I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad)
You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together
(I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had)
You see, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I?
('Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I'm the American Dream
I'm the definition of white trash ballin', I'm right back on 'em
With a— err-chick-err, chicka-chick— I can't call it
Same shit, different toilet, oh, you got a nice ass, darling
Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin
What you mean we ain't fuckin'? You take me for a friend?
Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin
You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again
Now, it all started with my father
I must've got my pimpin' genes from him the way he left my momma
I'm a rolling stone, just like him, word to Johnny Drama
Keep my entourage with me, baby, I'll make a promise
There ain't nobody as bomb as me, I'm as calm as
The breeze, I'm the bee's knees, his legs, and his arms, I'm a
Superstar, girl, I'm ready for you, Mama
Why you think the only thing I got on is my pajamas?

[Chorus: Eminem]
I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again
I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuervo, first, I'll kiss your navel
Work my way down, baby, you can lay down on the table
But you may wanna find somethin' more stable
I told you I ain't foolin' from the gate, this ain't the first day of April
But thank you for stayin', April, I'ma make you
Learn to appreciate me, differentiate me
From these phony, little fishy and sissy fake Gs
Skip over the "huggy bear," and all the "kissy face," please
Initiate phase three, missy, now service me
Take another shot of Jäger, shake it so nervously
Take your time, baby, ooh, you're the bomb, baby
Ooh, you're doing that even better than your mom, lady
I told you why I'm Shady, you didn't listen now, did ya?
Relax, woman, you know that I'm only kiddin' wit' ya
Got a twisted sense of humor, it's warped, but I didn't hit ya
I think you're finally startin' to get the picture, I'm just–

[Chorus: Eminem]
I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again
I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

[Bridge: Eminem ,Sly Pyper & Both]
(Err-chick-err-chick)
Call me dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-woah-ooh-oh-woah), soul (Err-chick-err-chick)
Call me dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-woah-oh-oh-oh), soul, oh (Err-chick-err-chick)
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening, I gotta go (Err-chick-err-chick)
'Cause I'm on to the next girl
And the next girl, I kinda like, oh, oh, oh

[Verse 3: Eminem]
I got you caught up in the rapture, make you recapture
The feelings you had for your last boyfriend before he slapped ya
You never wanted someone so bad, you're
Sweatin', but if I'm what you wanted
Why'd you panic when I grabbed ya?
Girl, don't be so frantic, I'm just a hopeless romantic
Don't try to fight the feeling of somethin' that's so organic
You can't ignore it, so don't, just stand before it
Just drop them panties to the floor, let's get to camcordin'
Damn, shawty, I told you this was bound to happen
Soon as you wrote your number on the napkin
I was bound to work a number on your back
And throw your spine out of alignment
My love has got you so blind that
You couldn't pick Amy Winehouse out of a line-up
So stop at the store, pick a pint up
Let's get the pineapple Schnapps going, no one will knock
'Cause I'ma hang a sign up saying "Don't Disturb"
Shawty, I'm so superb
I say the right things, don't I spit the dopest words?

[Chorus: Eminem]
I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again
I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

[Bridge: Eminem ,Sly Pyper & Both]
(Err-chick-err-chick)
Call me dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-woah-ooh-oh-woah), soul (Err-chick-err-chick)
Call me dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-oh-oh) (Chicka-chick-chick)
Dynamite (Oh-woah-oh-oh-oh), soul, oh (Err-chick-err-chick)
I can hold you in the morning
But in the evening, I gotta go (Err-chick-err-chick)
'Cause I'm on to the next girl
And the next girl, I kinda like, oh, oh, oh

[Chorus: Eminem]
I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad (Aha)
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had
'Cause you ain't never met nobody like me
And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again

[Outro: Eminem]
Dr. Dre
2010
Lightyears ahead of you (Haha)
Woo!

[Verse 1: Eminem]
We touch, I feel a rush; we clutch, it isn't much
But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us
It's lust, it's torturous, you must be a sorceress
'Cause you just did the impossible: gained my trust
Don't play games, it'll be dangerous
If you fuck me over, ‘cause if I get burnt, I'ma show ya
What it's like to hurt, ‘cause I been treated like dirt before ya
And love is evil — spell it backwards, I'll show ya
Nobody knows me, I'm cold, walk down this road all alone
It's no one's fault but my own, it's the path I've chosen to go
Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever so
Don't ask me why I have no love for these muh'fuckin' hoes
Bloodsuckin' succubuses, what the fuck is up with this?
I've tried in this department, but I ain't had no luck with this
It sucks, but it's exactly what I thought it would be like
Tryin' to start over, I got a hole in my heart
But some kind of emotional roller coaster
Is something I won't go on
So you toy with my emotions, so it's over
It's like an explosion every time I hold ya
Wasn't joking when I told ya
You take my breath away, you're a supernova, and I'm a—

[Chorus: Steve McEwan]
I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon
And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you, right at you

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I'll do whatever it takes, when I'm with you, I get the shakes
My body aches when I ain't with you, I have zero strength
There's no limit on how far I would go, no boundaries, no lengths
Why do we say that until we get that person that we think's
Gonna be that one? And then once we get 'em, it's never the same
You want 'em when they don't want you
Soon as they do, feelings change
It's not a contest and I ain't on no conquest for no mate
I wasn't lookin' when I stumbled on to you, musta been fate
But so much is at stake, what the fuck does it take?
Let's cut to the chase 'fore the door shuts in your face
Promise me if I cave in and break and leave myself open
That I won't be makin' a mistake, ‘cause I'm a—

[Chorus: Steve McEwan]
I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon
And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm aimin' right at you
Right at you, right at you

[Verse 3: Eminem]
So, after a year and six months, it's no longer me that you want
But I love you so much it hurts, never mistreated you once
I poured my heart out to you, let down my guard, swear to God
I'll blow my brains in your lap, lay here and die in your arms
Drop to my knees and I'm pleadin', I'm tryna stop you from leavin'
You won't even listen, so fuck it, I'm tryna stop you from breathin'
I put both hands on your throat, I sit on top of you squeezin'
'Til I snap your neck like a Popsicle stick, ain't no possible reason
I can think of to let you walk up out this house and let you live
Tears stream down both of my cheeks
Now I let you go and just give
And 'fore I put that gun to my temple, I told you this

[Bridge: Eminem]
And I would've done anything for you
To show you how much I adored you
But it's over now, it's too late to save our love
Just promise me you'll think of me
Every time you look up in the sky and see a star, ‘cause I'm a—

[Chorus: Steve McEwan]
I'm a space-bound rocket ship and your heart's the Moon
And I'm aimin' right at you, right at you
250,000 miles on a clear night in June
And I'm so lost without you
Without you, without you

[Produced by DJ Khalil & Danny Keyz]

[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem]
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
Too late
(Yeah, I can't keep chasing you
I'm taking my life back)
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I don't think she understands the sacrifices that I've made
Maybe if this bitch had acted right I woulda stayed
But I've already wasted over half my life, I woulda laid
Down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, no more pain
Bitch, you took me for granted
Took my heart and ran it straight into the planet
Into the dirt, I can no longer stand it
Now my respect, I demand it
I'ma take control of this relationship, command it
And I'ma be the boss of you now, goddamn it
And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me
So you better hear me out, this much you owe me
I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you I have stayed
Faithful all the way, this is how I fuckin' get repaid?
Look at how I dress, fuckin' baggy sweats, go to work a mess
Always in a rush to get back to you, I ain't heard you yet
Not even once say you appreciate me, I deserve respect
I've done my best to give you nothin' less than perfectness
And I know that if I end this I'll no longer have nothin' left
But you keep treatin' me like a staircase: it's time to fuckin' step
And I won't be comin' back, so don't hold your fuckin' breath
You know what you've done, no need to go in-depth
I told you you'd be sorry if I fuckin' left, I laughed while you wept
How's it feel now? Yeah, funny, ain't it? You neglected me
Did me a favor though, my spirit free you've set
But a special place for you in my heart I have kept
It's unfortunate, but it's—

[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem]
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
(Yeah, can't take no more)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I feel like when I bend over backwards for you, all you do is laugh
'Cause that ain't good enough
You expect me to fold myself in half till I snap
Don't think I'm loyal, all I do is rap
How can I moonlight on the side? I have no life outside of that
Don't I give you enough of my time? You don't think so, do you?
Jealous when I spend time with the girls, why I'm married to you still?
Man, I don't know, but tonight I'm serving you with papers
I'm divorcing you – go marry someone else and make 'em famous!
And take away their freedom like you did to me
Treat 'em like you don't need 'em and they ain't worthy of you
Feed 'em the same shit that you made me eat
I'm moving on, forget you
Oh, now I'm special? I ain't feel special when I was with you
All I ever felt was this helplessness, imprisoned by a selfish bitch
Chew me up and spit me out, I fell for this
So many times it's ridiculous
And still I stick with this, I'm sick of this
But in my sickness and addiction, you're addictive as they get
Evil as they come, vindictive as they make 'em
My friends keep askin' me why I can't just walk away from
I'm addicted to the pain, the stress, the drama, I'm drawn to
Shit, I guess I'm a mess, cursed and blessed, but this time I
Ain't changin' my mind, I'm climbin' out this abyss
You're screamin' as I walk out that I'll be missed
But when you spoke of people who meant the most to you, you left me off your list
Fuck you, hip hop! I'm leavin' you, my life sentence is served, bitch
And it's just—

[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem]
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
(I'm gone, man)
Too late for the other side
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life
Too late
Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life

[Intro: Eminem & Dina Rae]
Mhmmm *inhales*
You high, baby?
Yeah, hahahaha
Yeah?
Talk to me
You want me to tell you something?
Uh-huh
I know what you wanna hear

[Refrain: Eminem (& Dina Rae)]
'Cause I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too (Oh-ooh)
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world (Ooh-ooh, ooh)
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world (Ooh-ooh)
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

[Verse 1: Eminem]
They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now: got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down
In a relationship; save it, bitch!
Babysit? You make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl, you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I tell a muhfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips? Bitch, why ask?
Kiss my dick, get my cash?
I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out? I'll put you out
Won't get out? I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice? Buy you ice?
Bitch, if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What, you tryin' to be my new wife?
What, you Mariah? Fly through twice

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem]
But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday (Yeah-yeah)
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho

[Chorus: Eminem]
‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
It's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah, we fucked—bitch, so what?
That's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kinda car I'll be in
We'll see how much you'll be partyin' then
You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two?
I'd never love you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem]
But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho

[Chorus: Eminem]
‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman

[Refrain: Eminem (& Dina Rae)]
'Cause I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

[Verse 3: Eminem]
First thing you say: I'm not fazed
I hang around big stars all day
I don't see what the big deal is anyway
You're just plain old Marshall to me
Ooh yeah, girl, run that game
Hailie Jade, I love that name
Love that tattoo, what's that say?
"Rot In Pieces," uh, that's great
First off, you don't know Marshall
At all, so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit
Leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy, whoadie
You must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have
Ooh girl, that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax
And slap you 'til you can't stand
Girl, you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem]
But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho

[Chorus: Eminem]
‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman

[Refrain: Eminem (& Dina Rae)]
'Cause I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
(I think I love you, baby) I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
(Oh boy, you drive me crazy) Bitch, you make me hurl

[Chorus: Eminem]
‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman
‘Cause I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman, can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman, your Superman, your Superman

[Intro]
(Haha, yeah, haha)
You know, critics, man
Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man
You know, the one thing I notice about critics, man
Is critics never ask me how my day went
Well, I'ma tell 'em

[Verse 1]
Augh, yesterday my dog died
I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow
Said: "Next time you blog, try to spit a flow."
You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo'
I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole
I'm fired up, so fire up the lighter and the dro
Better hold on a little tighter, here I go
Flows tighter, hot-headed as Ghost Rider
Cold-hearted as Spider-Man throwing a spider in the snow
So you better get lower than Flo Rida
Inside of a lowrider with no tires, in a hole
Why am I like this? Why is winter cold?
Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes?
Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets
This isn't golf, this is a blistering assault
Those are your wounds, this is the salt, so get lost
Shit, dissin' me is just like pissin' off the Wizard of Oz
Wrap a lizard in gauze
Beat you in the jaws with it, grab the scissors and saws
And cut out your livers, gizzards, and balls
Throw you in the middle of the ocean in a blizzard with Jaws
So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw
Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all
Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers
Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him, and visit his dog

[Chorus]
(You're on fire)
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
(You're on fire)
Man, I'm so fuckin' sick
I got ambulances pullin' me over and shit
(You're on fire)
You need to stop, drop, and roll
'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole hip-hop shop to blow
(You're on fire) Yeah
(You're on fire) Yuh

[Verse 2]
I just put a bullshit hook in between two long-ass verses
If you mistook this for a song, look, this ain't a song
It's a warning to Brooke Hogan and David Cook
That the crook just took over, so book
Run as fast as you can, stop writing and kill it
I'm lightning in a skillet, you're a fuckin' flash in the pan
I pop up, you bitches scatter like hot grease splashing a fan
Mr. Mathers is the man, yeah, I'm pissed
But I would rather take this energy and stash it in a can
Come back and whip your ass with it again
Saliva's like sulfuric acid in your hand
It'll eat through anything, metal, the ass of Iron Man
Turn him into plastic
So for you to think that you could stand a fuckin' chance is asinine
Yeah, ask Denaun, man
Hit a blind man with a coloring book
And told him color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon
Fuck it, I ain't playin', pull up in a van
And hop out on a homeless man holding a sign sayin'
"Vietnam vet", I'm out my fuckin' mind, man
Kick over the can, beat his ass, and leave him nine grand
So if I seem a little mean to you
This ain't savage, you ain't never seen a brute
You wanna get graphic, we can go the scenic route
You couldn't make a bulimic puke
On a piece of fuckin' corn and peanut poop
Sayin' you sick, quit playin', you prick, don't nobody care
And why the fuck am I yellin' at air?
I ain't even talkin' to no one, 'cause ain't nobody there
And nobody will fuckin' test me
'Cause these hoes won't even dare
I'm wasting punchlines, but I got so many to spare
I just thought of another one that might go here
Nah, don't waste it, save it, psycho—yeah
Plus you got to rewrite those lines
That you said about Michael's hair (Whoops!)

[Chorus]
(You're on fire)
That's how you know you're on a roll
'Cause when you're hot it's like you're burning up everyone else's cold
(You're on fire)
Man, I'm so- I'm so hot
My motherfuckin' firetruck's on fire, homie
(You're on fire)
You need to stop, drop, and roll
'Cause when you say the shit to get the whole hip-hop shop to blow
(You're on fire) Yeah
Oh, shit (You're on fire)

[Produced by The-Dream and Tricky Stewart]

[Intro: Justin Bieber]
Oh, woah
Oh, woah
Oh, woah

[Verse 1: Justin Bieber]
You know you love me, I know you care
Just shout whenever and I'll be there
You want my love, you want my heart
And we will never, ever, ever be apart
Are we an item? Girl, quit playin'
We're just friends, what are you sayin'?
Said "There's another," and looked right in my eyes
My first love broke my heart for the first time, and I was like

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
Baby, baby, baby oh
Like baby, baby, baby no
Like baby, baby, baby oh
Thought you'd always be mine, mine
Baby, baby, baby oh
Like baby, baby, baby no
Like baby, baby, baby oh
Thought you'd always be mine, mine

[Verse 2: Justin Bieber]
Oh, for you I would have done whatever
And I just can't believe we ain't together
And I wanna play it cool, but I'm losin' you
I'll buy you anything, I'll buy you any ring
And I'm in pieces, baby, fix me
And just shake me 'til you wake me from this bad dream
I'm goin' down, down, down, down
And I just can't believe my first love won't be around, and I'm like

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
Baby, baby, baby oh
Like baby, baby, baby no
Like baby, baby, baby oh
Thought you'd always be mine, mine
Baby, baby, baby oh
Like baby, baby, baby no
Like baby, baby, baby oh
Thought you'd always be mine, mine

[Verse 3: Ludacris]
(Luda)
When I was 13, I had my first love
There was nobody that compared to my baby
And nobody came between us, nor could ever come above
She had me goin' crazy
Oh, I was starstruck
She woke me up daily, don't need no Starbucks
She made my heart pound, and skip a beat when I see her in the street and
At school on the playground, but I really wanna see her on the weekend
She knows she's got me dazing, 'cause she was so amazin'
And now my heart is breakin', but I just keep on sayin'

[Chorus: Justin Bieber]
Baby, baby, baby oh
Like baby, baby, baby no
Like baby, baby, baby oh
Thought you'd always be mine, mine
Baby, baby, baby oh
Like baby, baby, baby no
Like baby, baby, baby oh
Thought you'd always be mine, mine

[Outro: Justin Bieber]
I'm gone, yeah yeah yeah
Now I'm all gone, yeah yeah yeah
Now I'm all gone, yeah yeah yeah
Now I'm all gone, gone, gone, gone, I'm gone

[Intro: Eminem & Kobe]
Yeah, you know, technically
I'm not even really supposed to be here right now
So fuck it, might as well make the most of it
(Amen) Yeah! Ha-ha
(Amen) Feels good
(Amen) Woo!
(Amen) Guess I'm lucky
(Amen) Some of us don't get a second chance
(Amen) But I ain't blowin' this one
(Amen) Nah, man, ha-ha
(Amen) Shit, I feel like I can do anything now

[Verse 1: Eminem & Kobe]
Who can catch lightning in a bottle, set fire to water
Comin' out the nozzle on a fire hose, flyer than swatters?
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em
Spit a rhyme to freeze a clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
There's a storm comin' that the weatherman couldn't predict
I start to bug, prick, you better flee, 'cause I get ticked
It's a wrap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked
I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you're tricked
It's a trap, fuck my last CD, the shit's in my trash
I'll be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass
I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last
You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes
And keep winkin' and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirtin' with death
I'm destroyin' your livelihood, I ain't just hurtin' your rep
I catch a flow and get goin', no remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin'
For no one, knowin' there's nothin' you can do about it
Zero in on my target like a marksman, the target is you
I shut your lane down, took your spot, parked in it too
Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, saliva—what can you do?
Go get your crew to hype you up, stand behind you like, "Woo!"
That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too
Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue
So you can hate him, he don't blame you, frankly, he would too
This game could ill afford to lose him, how 'bout you?

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem & Kobe]
Now guess who? (Hey) Here's a clue (Hey)
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass (Hey), he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too (Hey)
Now (Hey) what's his name?

[Chorus: Kobe]
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man (Hey)
Cinderella, Cinderella Man (Hey)
Cinderella Man (Hey, hey)
If I had a time machine
I'd be Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Music is my time machine
So call me
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man

[Verse 2: Eminem & Kobe]
Fuck catchin' lightning, he struck it, screamed, "Shut up!" at thunder
Then flipped the world upside down and made it rain upward
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Rewound the future to the present, paused it, don't ask how
Fuck the past, motherfucker, he's the shit right now, he's
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella man, Cinderfella Shady Dane, came
To wrap the game up in cellophane, raise hell, from Hell he came
But didn't come to bore you with the Cinderella story
Nor did he come to do the same old can't afford to be
A lame-o in this day and age and at this stage of the game
Mediocrity can no longer be allowed to fly, so say bye
To the old, H-I to the new, que será
Consider it his last hurrah, the coup de grâce, raise 'em high
In the sky, keep 'em up, time to bring the place alive
Thanks for bein' patient, I won't make no more mistakes, shit, my
Potato's baked, homie, the veggies on my plate can fly
My filet is smokin' weed—yeah, faggot, the stakes are high
Shit, I ain't even s'posed to be here by the grace of God
The skin on my teeth and a hair on my nuts, I skated by
Now y'all are on thin ice with ankle weights, I'd hate to lie
How fuckin' irritated are you? How much in your face am I?
And ain't shit you can do but fear it, Proof is here in spirit
And I'm his spittin' image, I mirror it when I stand near it
Your pussy lyric, I "cunt" hear it
Who forms pyramids and raps circles around square lyricists?

[Pre-Chorus: Eminem & Kobe]
Who? (Hey) Here's a clue (Hey)
He came to the ball in his wife beater, lost his Nike shoe
It's in your ass (Hey), he's in your ass, he's all up in your psyche too (Hey)
Now (Hey) what's his name?

[Chorus: Kobe]
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man (Hey)
Cinderella, Cinderella Man (Hey)
Cinderella Man (Hey, hey)
If I had a time machine
I'd be
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Music is my time machine
So call me
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man
Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man

[Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne]
I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Lately, I really
Feel like I'm rollin' for delf like Philly
Feel like I'm losin' control of myself, I sincerely
Apologize if all that I sound like
Is I'm complainin' but life keeps on complicatin', and
I'm debatin' on leavin' this world this evenin'
Even my girls can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it
But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty
When inside I'm dyin'? I am finally realizin' I need
Help, can't do it myself, too weak
Two weeks, I've been havin' ups and downs
Goin' through peaks and valleys
Dilly-dallyin' 'round with the idea
Of endin' this shit right here, I'm hatin' my reflection
I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors
I can't stand what I look like, yeah
I look fat, but what do I care? I give a fuck
Only thing I fear's Hailie
I'm afraid if I close my eyes
That I might see her... Shit

[Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne]
I'm going through changes
I'm going through changes

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I lock myself in the bedroom, bathroom, nappin' at noon
Yeah, Dad's in a bad mood, he's always snappin' at you
Marshall, what happened that you can't stop with these pills?
And you've fallen off with your skills and your own fans are laughin' at you
It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle? Get up
Be a man, stand, a real man woulda had this shit handled
Know you just had your heart ripped out and crushed
They say Proof just flipped out, homie just whipped out and bust
Nah, it ain't like Doody to do that, he wouldn't fuckin'
Shoot at nobody, he'd fight first, but dwellin'
On it only makes the night worse, now I'm poppin' Vics, Percs
And Methadone pills, "Yeah, Em, tight verse
You killed it!" Fuckin' drug dealers hang around me like yes men
And they gon' do whatever I says when I says it
It's in their best interest to protect their investment
And I just lost my fuckin' best friend, so fuck it, I guess then—

[Chorus: Eminem & Ozzy Osbourne]
(I'm going through changes) Don’t know what I’m gonna do
(I'm going through changes) But I just keep on going through changes

[Verse 3: Eminem & Hailie Jade]
My friends can't understand this new me, that's understandable
Man, but think how bananas you'd be, you'd be an animal too
If you were trapped in this fame and caged in it like a zoo
And everybody's lookin' at you, what you want me to do?
I'm startin' to live like a recluse
And the truth is, fame's startin' to give me an excuse
To be at an all-time low; I sit alone in my home theater
Watchin' the same damn DVD of the
First tour; the last tour, he was still alive
And it hurts so I fast forward, sleeping pills'll make me feel alright
And if I'm still awake in the middle of the night
I'll just take a couple more, yeah, you're motherfuckin' right
I ain't slowin' down for no one, I am almost homeward bound
Almost in a coma, yeah homie, come on, dole 'em out!
"Daddy, don't you die on me! Daddy, better hold your ground!"
Fuck, don't I know the sound of that voice? Yeah, baby, hold me down (Daddy!)

[Chorus: Eminem, Ozzy Osbourne & Hailie Jade]
(I'm going through changes) (Daddy!) Don’t know what I’m gonna do
(I'm going through changes) But I just keep on going through changes

[Verse 4: Eminem]
Wake up in the hospital, full of tubes
But somehow I'm pullin' through
Swear when I come back I'ma be bulletproof
I'ma do it just for Proof, I think I should state a few
Facts, 'cause I may not get a chance again to say the truth
Shit, it just hit me that what if I would not've made it through?
I think about the things I would'a never got to say to you
I'd never get to make it right, so here's what I came to do
Hailie, this one is for you, Whitney and Alaina too
I still love your mother, that'll never change
Think about her every day
We just could never get it together, hey
Wish there was a better way for me to say it
But I swear on everything, I'd do anything for her on any day
There are just too many things to explain
When it rains, guess it pours — yes, it does
Wish there wasn't any pain, but I can't pretend there ain't
I ain't placin' any blame
I ain't pointin' fingers, Heaven knows I've never been a saint
I know that it feels like we just pissed away our history
And just today I looked at your picture, almost if to say
I miss you subconsciously, wish it didn't end this way
But I just had to get away, don't know why, I don't know what else to say
I guess I'm—

[Chorus: Eminem & Ozzy Osbourne]
(I'm going through changes) Don’t know what I’m gonna do
(I'm going through changes) But I just keep on going through changes

[Intro: Eminem & Lesley Gore]
You don't own me
Nah, man—not quite finished yet
I'm not just one of your many toys
Ha-ha, woo!

[Verse 1: Eminem & Lesley Gore]
Girl, I think you just might've tried to pull a motherfuckin' fast one, I'm mad
You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had
Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games? See this saw blade?
See this silhouette of a stalker in your walkway? Better cooperate
Or get sauteed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied
MC's get so quiet you can hear a motherfuckin' dog whistle when I walk by
Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fuckin' Fall Guy
I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai
'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women, and men
Vrinn-vrinn!—Motor so big, you can fit a midget in his engine
Bitch, give me them digits, why you cringin'? Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin
Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when
Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny? Shit, if I think a penny's pretty
Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me; Eenie-meenie-miney-mo
Catch an Eskimo by his toe while he's tryna roll a snowball (You don't own me)
But don't make him lose his cool, if he hollers, better let him go, y'all (I'm not just one of your many toys)
'Cause

[Chorus: Eminem & Lesley Gore]
You don't own me
Now here we go, go, go

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Get up, baby, get a move on like a U-Haul, you can rack your brain
Like pool balls; you won't ever think of this shit—yeah, honey, you called?
Well, here I come, Havoc on the beat, I wreak it; Evil—I see
Hear, and speak it—Lady, put your money on Shady, fuck that other weak shit
Put your eggs in the same basket, you can count every motherfuckin'
Chicken 'fore it hatches 'cause you can bet your ass that we gonna get it crackin'
Like the Kraken and Titans when they're clashin', get your brains bashed in
So bad, you will have Kurt Cobain askin' to autograph a bloodstained napkin
Unfashionable, and 'bout as rational as a rash on a fag's asshole
Now let's take that line, run it up the flagpole
With Elton, see if he's cool with it, don't stand there and look stupid
At me, bitch, I ain't in the mood for this shit, get my dick, Google it
'Til it pops up! Y'all are so motherfuckin' full of shit that you're stopped up
Me, I'm always shittin' diarrhea of the mouth 'til your speakers crap out (*fart*) Huh, what?
Girl, you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette (Chig-chigga-ret-ret)
But you won't get a hot fudge sundae from me so do not strut
My way, slut, because—

[Chorus: Eminem & Lesley Gore]
You don't own me
Now here we go, go, go

[Verse 3: Eminem]
And now that I got your panties in a bunch and your bowels in an uproar
I'ma show you why I came, so you stop askin' me, "What the fuck for?"
Now look you little slut, cunt, whore, I know you want more
Bitch, it's time to put the math back into Mathers 'cause I'm a fuckin' problem—run, boy!
Every flow, got it mastered so every last word that you fuckin' fags heard
Comes straight from the fish's ass, yeah, in other words, I'm a bass-turd
Lookin' at me like I killed Kenny, gas in the tank—yeah, still plenty
No morals are instilled in me, so remorse, I really don't feel any
Eat your heart out, Hannibal, understandable why you're jealous
Fuck an animal, I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now—can you, ho?
“Shady, I don't understand your flow” — Understand my flow? Bitch, I flow
Like Troy Polamalu's hair, boy, don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy
I'm raw, you ain't even medium-rare, stay the fuck outta my hair, boy
You can look, you can stare, and point, but you can't touch, I'm too clairvoyant
I don't get it, man, is there a void? All this weak shit, what am I, steroids?
Well, bitch, I'm back with some shit for that ass and your trunk, elephant hemorrhoids
And remember, boys—

[Chorus: Eminem & Lesley Gore]
You don't own me
Now here we go, go, go

[Outro: Eminem]
Thank you for coming out
I hope you enjoyed the show
'Til next time (Ha-ha)
Peace (Peace, peace)

[Verse 1]
I'm more than just an option (Hey, hey, hey)
Refuse to be forgotten (Hey, hey, hey)
I took a chance with my heart (Hey, hey, hey)
And I feel it taking over

[Chorus]
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

[Verse 2]
I'm more than just a number (Hey, hey, hey)
I doubt you'll find another (Hey, hey, hey)
So every single summer (Hey, hey, hey)
I'll be the one that you'll remember and—

[Chorus]
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

[Verse 3]
It's more than just a mission (Hey, hey, hey)
You hear, but you don't listen (Hey, hey, hey)
You better pay attention (Hey, hey, hey)
And get what you've been missing

[Chorus]
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

[Bridge]
Too many times I've been wrong
I guess being right takes too long
I'm done waiting, there's nothing left to do
But give all I have to you and

[Chorus]
I better find your loving, I better find your heart
I better find your loving
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

[Chorus]
The days are cold, livin' without you
The nights are long, I'm growin' older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone, but you're never over

[Verse 1]
If Proof could see me now, I know he'd be proud
Somewhere in me deep down, there's something in me he found
That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now
You try, it'll be them doors on Dre's Phantom, believe me, clowns
That means "suicide," homie, you'll never throw me
Off of this course, blow me! Bitch, I do this all for the sport only
But I want it all, I'm not just talkin' awards, homie
And the ball's in my court and it's lonely
On top of the world, when you're the only one
With the balls in your shorts
To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse
'Member that when they get to doggin' you boy, homie
So y'all can just get to bloggin' about bologna
I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues, no stoppin' the force, Obi
I'm moppin' the floors with 'em, I keep tryna pass it, but they keep on
Droppin' the torch and it won't be long 'til this sport is O-V-
-E-R, just Blaze and me, we are knockin' on doors and no, we
Ain't pumpkins on Halloween, but we'll show up on your porch, so be
Careful what you say, there ain't no punks over here, so follow me
Through the fog like I'm S-N-double-O-P, let me guide you through the smoke, G
If only I wasn't travelin' down this road by my lonely
No one who knew me like you will ever know me
I don't think you understand how much you meant to me

[Chorus]
The days are cold, livin' without you
The nights are long, I'm growin' older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone, but you're never over

[Post-Chorus]
And it don't stop, oh-oh
And it don't quit, oh-oh
And it don't stop, oh-oh
And it don't quit, oh-oh
And I miss you, oh-oh
I just miss you, oh-oh
I just miss you, oh-oh
Homie, I'll never forget you, no

[Verse 2]
For you I wanna write the sickest rhyme of my life
So sick it'll blow up the mic, it'll put the "dyna" in "mite"
Yeah, it'll make the dopest MC wanna jump off a bridge and shit himself
Tap dancin' all over the beat, it'll jump off the page and spit itself
Guess that the best thing I can do right now, Doody, for you is to rep
So I'm gonna fuck 'til I die, yeah, I'ma do it to death
And instead of mournin' your death, I'd rather celebrate your life
Elevate to new heights, step on the gas and accelerate, I'ma need two mics
'Cause the way that I'm feelin' tonight, everything I can just do right
There's nothin' that I can do wrong, I'm too strong and I'm just too hype
Just finish the rhyme and I bust it, excuse the corny metaphor
But they'll never catch up to all this energy that I've mustered
So God, just help me out while I fight through this grievin' process
Tryna process this loss is makin' me nauseous
But this depression ain't takin' me hostage, I've been patiently watchin'
This game, pacin' these hallways, you had faith in me always
Proof, you knew I'd come out of this slump, rise from these ashes
Come right back on their asses and go Mike Tyson on these bastards
And I'ma show 'em, blow 'em out the water, slaughter 'em, homes
I'ma own so many belts, only place they can hit me is below 'em
Homie, I know I'm never gonna be the same without you
I never woulda came in this game, I'm goin' insane without you
Matter fact, it was just the other night had another dream about you
You told me to get up, I got up, I spread my wings and I flew
You gave me a reason to fight, I was on my way to see you
You told me, "Naw, Doody, you're not!"; layin' on that table, I knew
I was gonna make it; soon as you said, "Think of Hailie" I knew
There wasn't no way that I was ever gonna leave them babies; and Proof
Not many are lucky enough to have a guardian angel like you
Lord, I'm so thankful, please don't think that I don't feel grateful, I do
Just grant me the strength that I need for one more day to get through
So, homie, this is your song, I dedicate this to you
I love you, Doody

[Chorus]
The days are cold, livin' without you
The nights are long, I'm growin' older
I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you
You may be gone, but you're never over

[Post-Chorus]
And it don't stop, oh-oh
And it don't quit, oh-oh
And it don't stop, oh-oh
And it don't quit, oh-oh
And I miss you, oh-oh
I just miss you, oh-oh
I just miss you, oh-oh
Homie, I'll never forget you, no

[Verse 1: Drake]
Money just changed everything
I wonder how life without it would go
From the concrete who knew that a flower would grow
Looking down from the top and it's crowded below
My fifteen minutes started an hour ago
Truth over fame, you know I respect the blatant shit
When I hear 'em talking, I just don't know what to make of it
Hate is so familiar to me, I'm slowly embracing it
Doesn't come natural, bear with me, it could take a bit
Yeah, and my dreams are who I'm racing with
But you can see I'm pacing it so that I'm always chasing it
Wayne put me right here, that's who I get the paper with
I hope that my success never alters our relationship
Yeah, this life is something I would die for
October's Own but it's looking like July 4
I just wish they'd let you try it first
This time I'm really going off, fireworks

[Pre-Chorus: Drake]
Oh, today it begins
I've missed them before
But won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think that I just realized what it means

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Every night it's fireworks
Every night it's fireworks
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Taking off like fireworks
Taking off like—Oh

[Verse 2: Drake]
I'm just such a gentleman, you should give it up for me
Look at how I'm placing all my napkins and my cutlery
I could tell it wasn't love, I just thought you'd fuck with me
Who could've predicted Lucky Strike would have you stuck with me
Damn, I kept my wits about me luckily
What happened between us that night? It always seems to trouble me
Now all of a sudden, these gossip rags want to cover me
And you making it seem like it happened that way because of me
But I was curious
And I'll never forget it, baby, what an experience
You could've been the one but it wasn't that serious
There was smoke in the air before, that was me clearing it
That felt good, all in all, I learned a lesson from it though
You never see it coming, you just get to see it go
Yeah, I should've looked up in the sky at first
Now I can see it in her eyes, fireworks

[Pre-Chorus: Drake]
Oh, today it begins
I've missed them before
But won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think that I just realized what it means

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Every night it's fireworks
Every night it's fireworks
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Taking off like fireworks
Taking off like—Oh

[Verse 3: Drake]
Everythin' the same but it feels different
My dad called me up knowing that I still listen
And he's still got his foot out, guilt tripping
It's been years though, I just learn to deal with it
For real, me and my realtor, we built up a better report
Got my mother in a place with some better decor
She searched the entire city, I let her explore
And now she's saying she more lonely than ever before
How many of our parents marriages lasted?
I was only 5, I bet I barely reacted
I'm flying back home for the Heritage Classic
Searching for that feeling, tell me where is the magic
Let's stay together 'til we're ghosts
I want to witness love, I never seen it close
Yeah, but I guess I gotta find it first
That's why I'm really going off, fireworks

[Pre-Chorus: Drake]
Oh, today it begins
I've missed them before
But won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think that I just realized what it means

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Every night it's fireworks
Every night it's fireworks
All I see is fireworks
All I see is fireworks
Taking off like fireworks
Taking off like—Oh

[Pre-Chorus]
How did I end up right here with you?
After all the things that I've been through?
It's been one of those days you try and forget about
Take a shot and let it out, let's get right
Now that I'm here, baby

[Chorus]
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good—show me a good
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)

[Verse 1]
I live for the nights that I can't remember
With the people that I won't forget
Spending all the money I just worked my ass off for
Doing things that I won't regret
I've been waiting way too long, long, long, long
Telling everybody that I know we about to be on, on, on, on
I ain't trying to look like I lied to these niggas
That I came up with, that's my team
Never would I let a woman come between
What we doing right now, this our dream
Wu-Tang Clan, niggas want that cream
I'm the Osiris to this shit right now
Go-to guy for the hits right now
Whatever you wanna drink girl, pick right now
If you can't hold your liquor, better quit right now

[Pre-Chorus]
How did I end up right here with you?
After all the things that I've been through?
It's been one of those days you try and forget about
Take a shot and let it out, let's get right
Now that I'm here, baby

[Chorus]
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good—show me a good
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)

[Verse 2]
Yeah, uhh
How about you and all your morals
In that outfit that you borrowed?
Make the most out of tonight
And worry 'bout it all tomorrow
Understand girl, we fam girl
Can't get me right and not do Wayne
Cash Money, Young Money, pop champagne
Presidential suite, girl: Barack Hussein
Tell me can we kick it like Ali Shaheed and Phife Dawg?
People really hate when a backpack rapper
Get rich and start living that life, dawg
Feels like when you get into that paper, hip hop hates you
They would do it just like I do if they could
It's in our nature—young and rich and out of control
Out in LA blowing clouds of the killa
I came up in the underground, though
So I'mma spend another $10,000 for Dilla
Call me overrated or created or too jaded
Because anyway you put it, bitch, I made it—Yup!

[Pre-Chorus]
How did I end up right here with you?
After all the things that I've been through?
It's been one of those days you try and forget about
Take a shot and let it out, let's get right
Now that I'm here, baby

[Chorus]
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)
Show me a good—show me a good
Show me a good time (aw yeah, aw yeah)

[Produced by Swizz Beatz & Noah "40" Shebib]

[Intro: Swizz Beatz]
Go, go 'head (Go, go, go)
Go, go, go 'head (Go, go, go)
Go, go, go, go, go, go 'head
Go, go, go, go, go, go 'head

[Chorus: Swizz Beatz]
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
You—you fancy huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh?

[Verse 1: Drake]
Uh, you getting ready so I know we gon' be here awhile
In the bathroom flat irons and nail files
Spending hours in salons on your hairstyle
In the mall steady racking up the air miles
Hit the gym, step on the scales, stare at the number
You say you droppin' 10 pounds preparin' for summer
And you don't do it for the man, men never notice
You just do it for yourself, you the fucking coldest
Intelligent too, ooh you my sweetheart
I've always liked my women book and street smart
Long as they got a lil' class like half days
And the confidence to overlook my past ways
Time heals all and heels hurt to walk in
But they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in
And look, I really think nobody does it better
I love the way that you put it together, uh

[Chorus: Swizz Beatz]
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
You—you fancy huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did ('Sup, girl)
Oh, you fancy, huh?

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Well, aren't you a breath of fresh air?
From all these superficial gold digging bitches in here
They get a baller, figure they ain't got to pick a career
Guess they plan on sucking dicks until some millions appear
Like “Voilà!” You do it right he just might buy you a car
Now she play these suckers just like B.o.B play the guitar
Now here you are with your girls having drinks at the bar
I say I'm buying, you decline, that is kinda bizarre
Independent with the demeanor of an R&B singer
Naked ring finger, M3 Bimmer
Champagne Range, triple-white Jag
Closet full of brand new clothes and handbags
Alexander McQueen, Prada, Gucci, Chanel
D&G, BCBG, Versace, Louis and Bebe
You ain't needy, greedy or easy as these other breezy's
Who fuck for bottles of Riesling and bowls of baked ziti

[Chorus: Swizz Beatz]
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
You—you fancy huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh?

[Interlude: Drake & Swizz Beatz]
Atlanta girls, let me see your hands (Yeah)
Wave 'em at them bitches hating on you with they friends
(Come on) Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big
Nails done, hair done, everything big
And my NY girls, let me see your hands
Wave 'em at them bitches hating on you with they friends
(Come on) Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big
Nails done, hair done, everything big
And my LA girls, let me see your hands
Wave 'em at them bitches hating on you with they friends
(Come on) Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big
Nails done, hair done, everything big
And my TO girls, let me see your hands
Wave 'em at them bitches hating on you with they friends (Yeah)
Girl you got it, let 'em know that everything big
Nails done, hair done—nails done, hair done
Say go Cinderella, go Cinderella
Orgasm blush, lipstick and concealer
Devil in a tight dress, girl you a killer
And ain't nobody realer, and ain't nobody realer, go
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go (Showtime)
Go, go, go, go, go (As we proceed)

[Verse 3: Drake]
Uh, 5 and a half in boys, ass is off the hook
Cinderella 'bout to lose the glass off her foot
And when I find it is when I find you
And we can do the things we never got the time to
Better late than never but never late is better
They tell me time is money, well, we'll spend it together
I'm down for whatever, you just lead the way
We go to dinner you don't even look at me to pay
Mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me
And Jason had this girl Tammy with a purple Bentley
How she got it, I ain't never get to ask
I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash
Yeah, but shout out to the homeowners
The girls that got diplomas and enough money to loan us
A little something extra, should we ever need it
If it sounds like you, then let me hear you repeat it

[Chorus: Swizz Beatz]
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
You—you fancy huh? Oh, you fancy, huh?
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Nails done, hair done, everything did
Oh, you fancy, huh? (Fancy)

[Produced by Organized Noize]

[Verse 1: André 3000]
Yessuh, let me dig into your brain, folks falling like rain
Poverty got me selling thangs, guess I'm gon' explain
Jane is rolled up, no gangs be throwed up
But still André got action, they Sweat like Keith, all on my teeth
I take it upon myself to handle mine, thinking that you gots
Ample time to do this, have you shot? I thought you knew this
I'm crumbling, no time for fumbling
Selling my sacks, watching my back
Wetting 'em up like splish, leaving 'em in a splash
Of blood, the clock is ticking niggas from my block is missing
I'm putting it down like it be hot before we all get shot
Got only so much time in this bastard
Bitter be claiming pro but I be saying they procrastinating
Settling for less, bet' be ready
When they roll up in your nest and sink one in your chest and
You's gone, up outta here for good
Y'all be bobbin' back and forth to let me know you understood
Yeah, wassup?

[Hook: Sleepy Brown]
There's only so much time left in this crazy world
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
Niggas killing niggas they don't understand (that's the master plan)
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb

[Verse 2: Big Boi]
So check me out, see
Once in a while when niggas be trying to test me, I gets frisky
Grab a pint of golden whiskey
Then they swing but, shit, they missed me, huh
I'm getting nice with them thangs, because I do like that
You heard me on the radio and, yes, my man, I'm true to dat
I run my lyrics the way y'all wanna hear 'em
And shoot my dice against the bricks the way I wanna flicks 'em
Nigga, so ring around the roses, diamonds around my neck from flexing
But I'm running niggas over like a ninety-fo' Lexus, test it
Ten millimeters, count 'em, nigga, fuck a nine
See, I added a millimeter for y'all niggas doing crimes
And drive-bys, kiss yo' ass bye-bye, sayonara suckers
I flipped the script and turned the page
Ain't scared of you motherfuckers
Be popping shots, like them hoes be popping coochies
And I still be spreading bullets
Like them freaks be spreading cooties
So look here niggas, I'm hunting Red October
I said my shit and ran my lyrics and now my verse is over

[Hook]
There's only so much time left in this crazy world
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
Niggas killing niggas they don't understand (that's the master plan)
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Wooo! Big Boi
Got a Tampa Nugget blunt box, it's empty
That's where the erb be dropping
It's simply marvelous, time is ticking
But some of that time when I be laying vocals in the Dungeon
Sugar Bear and Mone be smoking ounces like it ain't nothing
It ain't shit to take another hit, so hit it
Of the cannabis sativa weed reefer, yeah, smoke shit
It's all day e'ery day 'til they label me deceased
So fire up another one and smoke out and fuck the world, peace

[Verse 4: André 3000]
We is gonna smoke out until we choke out
Like some merry men, cowards I be buryin'
Coming around my shop with that, see, nigga, you gets nothing
Just like DJ do the cutting, I be having your posse ducking
Nothing but King Shit, I am asking, sucka, can you hang?
That player with the pepper throwing salt off in your game
Sprinkle sprinkle, motherfucker, don't be crying on me
That southern cess be in my chest until I'm chillin' in peace, yeah

[Hook]
There's only so much time left in this crazy world
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
Niggas killing niggas they don't understand (that's the master plan)
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb

[Verse 5: Big Boi]
Ah, shit now
Coming in like two fat hoes sitting off on Corn Flakes
Dropping these things like French fries in hot grease
Big Gipp, Goodie Mob, P.A., OutKast
The J-O-I, just to let y'all niggas know
Forever pimping, never slipping, that's how it is
That how it's gon' be, that's how it was in the past
That's how it's gon' be in the futures, nigga
It's all day everyday, so what you wanna do with it?
Bring that shit on, know what I'm saying? Yeah

[Hook]
There's only so much time left in this crazy world
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
Niggas killing niggas they don't understand (that's the master plan)
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
There's only so much time left in this crazy world
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
Niggas killing niggas they don't understand (that's the master plan)
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb
There's only so much time left in this crazy world
I'm just crumblin' erb, I'm just crumblin' erb

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
Y'all know me, still the same OG
But I been low-key
Hated on by most these niggas
With no cheese, no deals and no G's
No wheels and no keys
No boats, no snowmobiles, and no skis
Mad at me 'cause I can finally afford to provide my family with groceries
Got a crib with a studio and it's all full of tracks
To add to the wall full of plaques
Hangin' up in the office and back at my house like trophies
Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze?
Ho, please
You better bow down on both knees
Who you think taught you to smoke trees?
Who you think brought you the oldies?
Eazy-E's, Ice Cube's, and D.O.C.'s
The Snoop D-O-double-G's
And the group that said, "Motherfuck the police!"
Gave you a tape full of dope beats
To bump when you stroll through in your hood
And when your album sales wasn't doin' too good
Who's the Doctor they told you to go see?
Y'all better listen up closely
All you niggas that said that I turned pop or The Firm flopped
Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep
So fuck y'all, all of y'all!
If y'all don't like me, blow me!
Y'all are gon' keep fuckin' around with me and turn me back to the old me

[Chorus: Eminem]
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

[Verse 2: Eminem]
So what do you say to somebody you hate (What?)
Or anyone tryna bring trouble your way?
Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way? (Yup)
Just study a tape of N.W.A
One day I was walkin' by
With a Walkman on, when I caught a guy
Gave me an awkward eye ('Chu lookin' at?)
And strangled him up in the parking lot with his Karl Kani
I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not
I'm harder than me tryna park a Dodge
When I'm drunk as fuck
Right next to a humongous truck in a two-car garage
Hoppin' out with two broken legs tryna walk it off
Fuck you too, bitch, call the cops
I'ma kill you and them loud-ass motherfuckin' barkin' dogs
And when the cops came through
Me and Dre stood next to a burnt-down house
With a can full of gas and a hand full of matches
And still weren't found out (Right here!)
So from here on out, it's the Chronic II
Startin' today and tomorrow's anew
And I'm still loco enough to choke you to death with a Charleston Chew
Chicka-chicka-chicka Slim Shady
Hotter than a set of twin babies
In a Mercedes Benz with the windows up
When the temp goes up to the mid-80s
Callin' men ladies
Sorry Doc, but I been crazy
There's no way that you can save me
It's okay, go with him, Hailie (Dada?)

[Chorus: Eminem]
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

[Verse 3: Dr. Dre]
If it was up to me, you motherfuckers'd stop
Comin' up to me with your hands out
Lookin' up to me like you want somethin' free
When my last CD was out, you weren't bumpin' me
But now that I got this little company
Everybody wanna come to me
Like it was some disease, but you won't get a crumb from me
'Cause I'm from the streets of C-Compton! (Compton!)
I told 'em all
All 'em little gangstas, who you think helped mold 'em all?
Now you wanna run around talkin' 'bout guns like I ain't got none
What, you think I sold 'em all
'Cause I stay well off?
Now all I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off
What, 'cause I been in the lab
With a pen and a pad tryin' to get this damn label off?
I ain't havin' that
This is the millennium of Aftermath
It ain't gon' be nothin' after that
So give me one more platinum plaque
And fuck rap, you can have it back
So where's all the Mad Rappers at?
It's like a jungle in this habitat
But all you savage cats know that I was strapped with gats
While you were cuddlin' a Cabbage Patch

[Chorus: Eminem]
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk
Like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

[Outro: Eminem]
Nowadays, everybody wanna talk like they got somethin' to say
But nothin' comes out when they move their lips
Just a bunch of gibberish
And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre

[Produced by Bass Brothers]

[Intro]
Baby, your dada loves you
And I'ma always be here for you no matter what happens
You're all I got in this world
I would never give you up for nothin'
Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me
I love you

[Verse 1]
Come on Hai-Hai, we goin' to the beach
Grab a couple of toys and let Dada strap you in the car seat
Oh, where's Mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk
Oh, that smell? Dada musta runned over a skunk
Now, I know what you're thinkin', it's kinda late to go swimmin'
But you know your Mama, she's one of those type of women
That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way she'll throw a fit
Don't play with Dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it! (no!)
And don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful?
Don't you wanna help Dada build a sandcastle? (yeah!)
And Mama said she wants to show you how far she can float
And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat
It's just a little scratch – it don't hurt
Her was eatin' dinner while you were sweepin'
And spilled ketchup on her shirt
Mama's messy, ain't she? We'll let her wash off in the water
And me and you can pway by ourselves, can't we?

[Hook]
Just the two of us, just the two of us
And when we ride
Just the two of us, just the two of us
Just you and I
Just the two of us, just the two of us
And when we ride
Just the two of us, just the two of us
Just you and I

[Verse 2]
See, honey, there's a place called Heaven and a place called Hell
A place called prison and a place called jail
And Dada's probably on his way to all of 'em except one
‘Cause Mama's got a new husband and a stepson
And you don't want a brother, do ya? (Nah)
Maybe when you're old enough
To understand a little better, I'll explain it to ya
But for now we'll just say Mama was real, real bad
She was bein' mean to Dad and made him real, real mad
But I still feel sad that I put her on timeout
Sit back in your chair, honey, quit tryna climb out!
I told you it's okay, Hai-Hai, want a ba-ba?
Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga?
Her make poo-poo ca-ca? Dada change your didee
Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty
Your dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water
'97 Bonnie and Clyde: me and my daughter

[Hook]
Just the two of us, just the two of us
And when we ride
Just the two of us, just the two of us
Just you and I
Just the two of us, just the two of us
And when we ride
Just the two of us, just the two of us
Just you and I

[Verse 3]
Wake up, sweepyhead, we're here, before we pway
We're gonna take Mama for a wittle walk along the pier
Baby, don't cry, honey, don't get the wrong idea
Mama's too sweepy to hear you screamin' in her ear  (Mama!)
That's why you can't get her to wake, but don't worry
Dada made a nice bed for Mommy at the bottom of the lake
Here, you wanna help Dada tie a rope around this rock? (yea)
We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll roll her off the dock
Ready now, here we go, on the count of free
One, two, free — whee! (woosh!)
There goes Mama, spwashin' in the water
No more fightin' with Dad, no more restrainin' order
No more stepdada, no more new brother
Blow her kisses bye-bye, tell Mama you wuv her (Mommy!)
Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk
But first, just help Dad with two more things out the trunk

[Hook]
Just the two of us, just the two of us
And when we ride
Just the two of us, just the two of us
Just you and I
Just the two of us, just the two of us
And when we ride
Just the two of us, just the two of us
Just you and I

[Outro]
Just me and you, baby, is all we need in this world
Just me and you
Your dada will always be there for you
Your dada's always gonna love you, remember that
If you ever need me I will always be here for you
If you ever need anything, just ask
Dada will be right there
Your dada loves you — I love you, baby

[Intro: Andre 3000]
"Okay, here we go..."
Yeah, I'm afraid, like I'm scared as a dog
But I've got a new song, and I want y'all to sing along
Sing along
See this is the way that we walk on a sunny day
When it's rainin' inside and you're all alone
All alone, yeah!

[Hook]
'Cause the whole world loves it when you don't get down
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you make that sound
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you're in the news
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you sing the blues
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)

[Verse 1: Andre 3000]
Take a little trip, hater, pack up your mind
Look forward, not behind, then you'll see what you find
I caught a sucker dyin' 'cause he thought he could rhyme
Now if his momma is a quarter daughter must be a dime
I gotta meet her, don't take no shorts, I don't use abbrevi-
-ation, I don't even play the radio neither
Only if I need to know the sports or the weather
I'm a cool type of brother, but yep, your head I'll sever from the neck
See ain't nothing changed, hit the stage
Set a date, sucker, in battle we can engage
I'll slice you, wife you, marry you, divorce you
Throw the Porsche at you, is what I'm forced to do
With my back against the wall, crack his back, y'all
Naw, it ain't went nowhere like havin' hair with stylin' gel in it
Throw a curl in it
Dread that nappy shit up, throw a shell in it
Whatever floats your boat, or finds your lost remote
And this for them niggas workin' at the airport who got laid off
I take my shades off
If you look straight in my eyes, you still might see a disguise
Because the whole-whole world-world...

[Hook]
'Cause the whole world loves it when you don't get down
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you make that sound
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you're in the news
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you sing the blues
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)

[Verse 2: Killer Mike]
Player, I grind, my focus is crime
Raw with the rhyme, I'm slick with the slime
My words are diamonds dug out a mine
Spit 'em, polish, look how they shine
Glitter, glisten, gloss, floss
I catch a beat running like Randy Moss
Ride that bitch off like a brand new horse
I'm rollin' my stones, gather no moss
Mommy, I'm coming, I hope you get off
Or rock your own boat like Aaliyah, then talk
Back, back, forth, forth
Get that sailor on course, course
Make that track a corpse, corpse
Rap, roll, utterly rocked
With my mouth to the mic and my hand on my cock
Cadillac OutKast, just won't stop

[Hook]
'Cause the whole world loves it when you don't get down
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you make that sound
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you're in the news
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you sing the blues
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Turn on the TV and everything is lookin' dismal
Went in the bathroom medicine cabinet, Pepto-Bismol
Need it for my stomach 'cause my tummy kinda aches
Like a junkie on withdrawal, fresh up off the plate
Wait, back to the enemy of the state
Is the Republicans or Democratic candidate?
Debate, now even the black box hold the fate
Clueless like Shaggy and Scooby befo' commercial break
Hate, extreme prejudice, let's dismiss this
If you want to, you can dub it to your hit list
I know you goin' to, we in this to replenish yo' musical wish list
When it come to this music, we stay relentless
Pursuing all that's pursuable
Doing, God-willing, all things that are doable
The only liable limitation is yourself, Dre
Set it on the right and I'll set it on the left, 'cause

[Hook]
'Cause the whole world loves it when you don't get down
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you make that sound
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you're in the news
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)
And the whole world loves it when you sing the blues
(Bah bah-da, bah bah bah-da da!)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing

[Chorus: Kanye West]
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong, yeah
I'm a problem
That'll never ever be solved

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
And no matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing

[Chorus: Kanye West]
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave in, never gave up
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see, it's amazing

[Chorus: Kanye West]
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing

[Verse 4: Jeezy]
I'm amazing (Amazing), yeah, I'm all that (All that)
If I ain't on my grind, then what you call that? (What you call that?)
Victorious, yeah, we warriors
We make history, strive off victory (Yeah)
Standing at my podium, I'm trying to watch my sodium
Die high blood pressure, either let the Feds catch ya (Yeah)
I'm amazing, born on a full moon
I was bred to get it in, no spoon
That's why I'm so goon, summertime, no June
Big family, small house, no room
They like, "Oh, God, why he go so hard?
Look what he's been through, he deserves an applause"

[Chorus: Kanye West]
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing, it's amazing

[Verse 1]
Once again, it's the sinister cynical minister Shady
Kryptonite to Superman, he's a dentist to Amy
Administerer of the pain, he just finished huffin' the paint
And muffler fumes like it was nothin', because it ain't
Anything in his way, his enemies he just slays
His venom he sprays, reaches like beams of energy rays
Menacing stares, he glares, making the hairs
All on the back of ya neck stand like Dracula, yep
Spectacular rep, he's a tarantula, gargantuan
Yeah, Angela, so I command ya to start dancin'
Part Manson, part Hannibal, part mechanical shark
Throwing animal parts at Scarlett Johansson
Enter my gas chamber, you gangsta? My ass
He's got his fangs to your neck, he's set to strangle ya ass, hater
You're facin' a task greater, he's chasin' your ass
He's got his face in a mask, your blood stains on his glass table

[Verse 2]
I'm checking the exposure of photos of me exposing
Myself locked inside of a cozy hotel posing
With or without clothing, next to the decomposing
Bodies eroding while I'm dozing off, overdosing
Windows opening, shutting; doors opening, closing
I think there's a ghost, too much hydrocodone and codeine
I was only 'sposed to swallow a half, I took the whole thing
I'm not joking, I think I just snorted my nose ring
I need a drink, I'm standing over the sink hosing
Myself, self-loathing, cause I'm on a brink, mostly
I don't wanna think; this will make everything rosy
Beverly sings, scream while I'm severing three toesies
Totally frozen while I close in
I'm yodelling "Rosie, won't you come out to play?"
And no sense wasting time, cutting and pasting headlines
In the papers, making shrines of my crimes and capers
My words are whirlwinds, I murder my girlfriends
Go to Europe and put Nurofens in my syrup and stirred 'em
You never heard 'em like this, so don't encourage him
The neurosurgeon, coke mirrors, and lyrics worse than
The kinda person to get Katie Couric to cursin'
Eighty spirits of ladies cause Shady murdered the virgins
Crazy turn of events  that he emerged
Took over the world and reeled in all the children
Lured 'em into the building and killed 'em
Buried 'em in the mulch and mildew and he will do what he feels
And still can spin, straw to gold like Rumplestilskin
Cotton to silk, Motrin to Tylenol 3 pills
The Real Slim Shady's entered the buildin'
There's nothing but crumbled leaves and tumbleweeds up in this bitch
Mildred, he's ill with it, he still shouldn't be healed
There's no one as sick as he, MC's will get fricassed on the grill, then

[Intro]
There is no escaping (Yo)
There's no place to hide (Ayo)
You scream, "Someone save me!" (Yo)
But they don't pay no mind (Ayo)
Goodnight, goodbye!

[Verse 1]
You're walkin' down a horror corridor
It's almost four in the mornin' and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible, right there's the coroner
Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner, he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw ya run
All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it
Here I sit, while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowin' a Klonopin while I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then
Lick my finger and swirl it 'round the bottom
And make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at McDonald's with
Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must've just blacked out again—not again!

[Hook]
It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em

[Verse 2]
Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana then
I reach for the aloe and lanolin, bust all over the wall panellin'
Dismantlin' every candle on top of the fireplace mantel and
Grab my flannel and my bandana, then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens
Causin' illusions again, brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin, razors, scissors, and pins
Jesus, when does it end? Phases that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who gave these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do?
Hey, the prodigal son, the diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them

[Hook]
It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em

[Bridge]
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again

[Verse 3]
I cut and I slash, slice and gash, last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half-pint of the Jack, my last Vic and-a-half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December, I think it was, I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights
Pushed him into the stinkin' tub, cut him up into pieces
And just when I went to drink his blood
I thought, "I oughta drink his bathwater, that oughta be fun"
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery, son
Your blood-curdling screams just don't seem to bother me none
It's 3 a.m. and here I come, so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here, man, there's got to be one
Oh no, there's probably none
He can scream all that he wants, top of his lungs
But ain't no stopping me from chopping him up-up, 'cause…

[Hook]
It's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door and
Bodies layin' all over the floor and
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed 'em, killed 'em

[Outro]
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
Yo, yo, ayo (Evil… rise)
(Evil… rise)
(Evil… rise)

[Chorus: The-Dream & Lil Wayne]
She all on me 'cause all I do is
Ride around in Bentley coupes
Got no needs, she got me
Buying her them Fendi shoes
All we do is shop until we drop
All—All—All—All—All—
All we do is shop until we drop
Right there in the floor
She all on me 'cause all I do is
Ride around in Bentley coupes
Got no needs, she got me (Yeah!)
Buying her them Fendi shoes
All we do is shop until we drop (No Ceilings, baby!)
All—All—All—All—All—
All we do is shop until we drop
Right there in the floor

[Verse 1]
Okay, swimming in Polo, sleeping in Jordans
I bought her cell phone and I don’t even much call it
New imports make her feel important
No bullshit, nigga, no Ben Gordon
Get her information, take her on vacation
Give her dope dick; now, she under the sedation
Wake her in the morning, breakfast where she slept at
Tell her, "Go shopping"; I can't wait 'til she get back
Louis flip-flops and a pair of pink sweatpants
She wear that on my jet, I fuck her after jet lag
I take her to the vet 'cause she a bad bitch
You can't be broke and happy, so, me—I'm mad rich
I'm talking Young Money shit, she love the way I think
L’Oreal all over my bathroom sink
Betsey Johnson all over my bedroom counter
My pockets too deep, I fuck around and drown her, Weez'!

[Chorus: The-Dream & Lil Wayne]
She all on me 'cause all I do is
Ride around in Bentley coupes
Got no needs, she got me
Buying her them Fendi shoes (No Ceilings)
All we do is shop until we drop
All—All—All—All—All— (Yeah)
All we do is shop until we drop
Right there in the floor (I got you, baby)
She all on me 'cause all I do is
Ride around in Bentley coupes (Hahaha)
Got no needs, she got me
Buying her them Fendi shoes  (No Ceilings)
All we do is shop until we drop
All—All—All—All—All—
All we do is shop until we drop
Right there—

[Verse 2]
Okay, fucking on Versace, napping on satin
I love to hit it backwards: call it Pig Latin
I bought her ass a Mac, now we be iChatting
Niggas swag-jacking, but I got my patent'd
Fr—Fresh out the salon, I took her to Milan
I speak a little French, and hers is no better then mine
I pass her the blunt; she probably hit it one time
Catch us at the game, sitting on the baseline
We can call a timeout, take a lil' time out
Pockets too deep, shawty, you gon' have to climb out
Faviana prom dress with your spine out
And I live on the beach—you can get that panty line out
She wants to own me, and I ain't tryna fight it
She said it's her dick, she got it copyrighted
And I don't pay for pussy, because her pussy priceless
I go fishing in it, and I ain’t a Pisces
Ugh, Gucci only to the grocery store
Stop playing, bitch, we balling like Okafor
Ha! And now, we headed to the dealer
I'm gon' cop my baby something with no ceilings, ahh!

[Chorus: The-Dream & Lil Wayne]
She all on me 'cause all I do is
Ride around in Bentley coupes
Got no needs, she got me
Buying her them Fendi shoes (You dig?)
All we do is shop until we drop
All—All—All—All—All— (Hahaha)
All we do is shop until we drop
Right there in the floor (No Ceilings)
She all on me 'cause all I do is
Ride around in Bentley coupes
Got no needs, she got me
Buying her them Fendi shoes  (Young Money)
All we do is shop until we drop
All—All—All—All—All— (Young Money)
All we do is shop until we drop
Right there on the floor (Gone!)

[Intro: B.o.B]
If you asked me what's on my mind, you probably won't believe it
'Cause if life was one big pool, I'd be in the deep end
So I play my role and never ever speak it, like a secret
And all the while you just try to figure me out (What?)

[Chorus: B.o.B]
But you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades

[Verse 1: B.o.B]
Well, ask me a question, I tell you no lies
'Cause there's nothing to hide, my soul's in my eyes
And I'm ahead of my time but I cannot rewind
The only thing I fear is the mirror in my bathroom
People look and try to see a disguise
But there is nothing that nobody can't see in light
If it's a song with a rhyme or a verse with a line
Then you understand my mind

[Chorus: B.o.B]
But you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades

[Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco]
Who else but Lu else?
You know I got two belts, the black and the white one
I begin and I master
I see in my eye glasses
But they saying what I'm seeing through is false like Ross
I can hear him through the wall like "Walk
This Way", trying to dissuade my thoughts
I'm a slave to myself and disobeyed my boss
It's all in disarray this parade I walk
They get amazed when they catch a chain I toss
Amidst this array of different ways I talk
And it hangs from your brain if my chain you caught
Like I cough without covering my mouth
I tip the scales like the king of the south
Forgot that I was fat, I lost my way
But now I'm back looking for the shade I sought
And not wonders, I'm Scott Summers
So don't make me take off my stunners
Bobby Ray, you know you got my numbers
And them deer can't see us like hunters

[Chorus: B.o.B]
But you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades
And you can't see past my shades
Past my shades, past my shades

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean]
Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide
Gonna find you and take it slowly
Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide
Gonna find you and make you want me (Yo)

[Verse 1: Wyclef Jean & Lauryn Hill]
Now that I escape, sleepwalker awake (Yeah)
Those who could relate know the world ain't cake
Jail bars ain't golden gates, those who fake, they break
When they meet their four hundred-pound mate
If I could rule the world (If I ruled the world), everyone would have a gun
In the ghetto. of course, when giddy-upping on their horse
I kick a rhyme drinking moonshine
I pour a sip on the concrete for the deceased
But, no, don't weep, Wyclef's in a state of sleep
Thinking 'bout the robbery that I did last week
Money in the bag, banker looked like a drag
I want to play with pelicans from here to Baghdad
Gun blast, think fast, I think I'm hit
My girl pinched my hips to see if I still exist
I think not, I'll send a letter to my friends
A born again hooligan only to be king again

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean]
Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide
Gonna find you and take it slowly
Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide
Gonna find you and make you want me (Yo, yo, yo, yo)

[Verse 2: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean]
I play my enemies like a game of chess
Where I rest, no stress if you don't smoke sess
Lest I must confess, my destiny's manifest
In some Gore-Tex and sweats, I make treks like I'm homeless
Rap orgies with Porgy and Bess
Capture your bounty like Elliot Ness, yes
Bless you if you represent the Fu
But I'll hex you with some witch's brew if you're doo-doo
Voodoo, I can do what you do, easy
Believe me, fronting niggas give me heebie-jeebies (Ha)
So while you imitating Al Capone
I'll be Nina Simone and defecating on your microphone

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill]
Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide
Gonna find you and take it slowly

[Bridge: Lauryn Hill]
You can't run away from these scars I got, oh, baby
Hey, baby, ‘cause I got a lot, oh, yeah
And anywhere you go, my whole crew gonna know, oh, baby
Hey, baby, you can't hide from the block, oh, no

[Verse 3: Pras, Pras & Lauryn Hill]
Ready or not, refugees taking over
The Buffalo Soldier, dreadlock Rasta
On the twelfth hour, fly by in my bomber (Drop bombs)
Crews run for cover, now they're under, pushing up flowers
Superfly, true lies, do or die (He's super fly)
Toss me high, only puff lye with my crew from Lakay
I refugee from Guantanamo Bay
Dance around the border like I'm Cassius Clay (Yes, sir)

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Wyclef Jean]
Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide (Ayo, nobody move)
Gonna find you and take it slowly
Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide (Ayo, nobody move)
Gonna find you and make you want me (Come on)
Ready or not, here I come, you can't hide (You know the—)
Gonna find you and take it slowly (You know)
Ready or not (Uh-huh), here I come, you can't hide
Gonna find you and make you want me

[Intro: Eminem]
Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise!
Aw, shit! Yeah
You ready to get this shit started or what?
Aight, well, I brought some friends with me too

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Now I ain't back just for the sake of just sayin' I'm back
I could relax, but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks
Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles, then black-
-out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac (Woo!)
Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturin', double
Shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurrin'— woah-ho
I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin'— uh-oh!
You can call me R. Kelly now, you're in trouble!
What's occurrin' before, after, and durin' the show
Has no bearin' on the bad news I'm bearin', woah
What is it, wordplay? No, I'm pushin' you out the do'
So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow
Now stomp your fuckin' feet 'til you get to squishing a ho
It's pandemonium, standing o when you see him, oh
Damn, baby, you look good, you're givin' me wood
You should pull over like a sweatshirt wit' a hood (Woo!)
It's neck work, get our polly on, you and me both
Break bread while I'm coppin' over this game to pinch a loaf
Now, homie, who's your favorite pain in the ass? Who claims to be
Spittin' the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed
In other words, I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas
Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn airbags from the dash
Went through 'em and laughed, came back an hour after the accident
And bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half!
So stop fakin' the funk and start shakin' your ass
Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap
And Just Blaze on the track, what's the fuck's more amazin' than that
Slut? Answer me that! Royce, where you at?

[Verse 2: Royce da 5’9”]
I'm right here, Fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers, I pry apart you
Lump on your head designed by a bar stool (Come on!)
Designed by a cartoon
Before I need to be hired, Jimmy, I'll fire Marshall (Woah!)
The 9 tucked against the linin'
I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69ing (Ha)
It's like Rick James is shootin' up your house, nigga!
Fuck yo' couch, nigga!
You screamin', "Fuck the world!" with your middle finger up
While I'm over here shovin' my dick in a hole in the mud
My bitch know I'm perfectly fit for murder
Because I murdered her, so you can call me Nicole to O. J. to Glove (Woo!)
I got a posse of insane clowns
Blow your brains on your opposite ear and ask you how your brain sounds (

[?])
Bad, Evil, we go Alfred E. Neu-
-mann, mad cerebral, you on your last burrito!
(What that mean, Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eatin'
Get a beat, then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern
Slaughterhouse on fire, nobody touchin' that
Good day and good night! Ortiz, yo, where the fuck you at? (

[?])

[Verse 3: Joell Ortiz]
I'm right here in my Nike Airs, Buzz Light-years (Uh)
Ahead of my mic peers (Yeah), quite scary to look at, a nightmare
Where my book at? I'll write fear in the heart of you tight squares
I harbor the art of you nice wear (Ah!)
It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear (Uh)
Uncle Al's breath after polishin' off his ninth beer (Haha!)
Homie, chill, listen, I swear
I'm god, I give tracks a Holy-feel, and they bite ears (Ow!)
I'm right here, why wouldn't I be? Just waiting to be hooked to IV
As Mumm-Ra's well, when you look at my pee (Ew)
And this joint (No exception), so just point (A direction)
And record the pig's oink (When I rip his intestines)
This isn't just an infection (Nah)
This won't go away with penicillin injections (Tss)
Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection, what I exhibit (What?)
Seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it (Ow!)
Aw shiddit, I did it again, when I liddift this pen
I emitted this phlegm, this time it's alongside Edeminem (Haha)
So tell a friend to tell a friend write a disgusting hook (Yeah)
Jump in shark water and swim! Yo, where the fuck is Crook?

[Verse 4: Crooked I]
I'm right here, lettin' the shotty pop, quick as a karate chop
Get your body shot, get your top chopped, like a lollipop
Call it Maserati drop, in the body shop
Get your mommy knocked and your Uncle Tommy molli-wopped (Yeah)
I take your life to the ninth innin'
A knife in the gunfight, I love it, me and my knife winnin'
I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny
I'll buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money (Yo!)
Man, all the bitches holla— they wanna drop my britches
Then jaw on my dick and swallow, leave drawers in this Impala
I ball like Iguodala, I bear more arms than six koalas (Uh)
As soon as I draw, get sent to Allah
Bilinguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Atilla the Hun
I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn
I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con
A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam! (Brrat!)
Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, are South flying
We do it to try to do without tryin' (Slaughterhouse!)
'Cause to it's us it's so easy
Where's "Jumpoff" Joe Beezy?

[Produced by Bass Brothers]

[Intro]
(Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) Yo, mic check
(Woo, shit) Testing
One, two, um, twelve
What up? What up? What up? (Outsiderz)
This is my dance song, can you hear me? (Outsiderz)
(Rah Digga, Young Zee, bust it, bust it)
Alright, ayy, turn my headphones up

[Verse 1]
My favorite color is red like the bloodshed
From Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead
Women all grabbin' at my shish kabab
Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve
(“I can't stand white people”)
You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so
Shit, I got full-blown AIDS and a sore throat
I got a wardrobe with an orange robe
I'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show
I just remembered that I'm absent-minded
Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it
I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit
'Cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (Um, one, two)
I told the doc I need a change in sickness
And gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis
Put my LP on your Christmas gift list
You want to get high? Here, bitch, just sniff this

[Chorus]
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

[Verse 2]
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
I tried suicide once and I'll try it again
That's why I write songs where I die at the end
'Cause I don't give a fuck like my middle finger was stuck
And I was wavin' it at everybody, screamin', "I suck" (I suck)
I go on stage in front of a sell-out crowd
And yell out loud, "All y'all get the hell out now"
Fuck rap, I'm givin' it up, y'all, I'm sorry
(But Eminem, this is your record release party)
I'm bored out of my gourd, so I took a hammer
And nailed my foot to the floorboard of my Ford
Guess I'm just a sick, sick bastard
Who's one sandwich short of a picnic basket (I ain't got it all)
One Excedrin tablet short of a full medicine cabinet
I feel like my head has been shredded like lettuce and cabbage (Oh)
And if you ever see a video for this shit
I'll probably be dressed up like a mummy with my wrists slit

[Chorus]
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

[Verse 3]
Got bitches on my jock out in East Detroit
'Cause they think that I'm a motherfuckin' Beastie Boy
So I told 'em I was Mike D
They was like, "Gee, I don't know, he might be"
I told 'em, "Meet me at Kid Rock's next concert" (Oh really?)
I'll be standin' by the Loch Ness Monster" (Okay)
Peace out (Bye)
Then I jetted to the weed house, smoked out
'Til I started bustin' freestyles, broke out
Then I dipped quick back to the crib, put on lipstick
Crushed up the Tylenol and ate it with a dipstick
Made a couple of crank calls collect (Brrrt)
"It's Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, can you accept?"
I want to make songs all the fellas dub
And murder every rich rapper that I'm jealous of
So just remember, when I bomb your set
Yo, I only cuss to make your mom upset

[Chorus]
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)
Cum on everybody (Get down tonight)

[Nicki Minaj]
Who the hell is this?
Calling me at 12:47 in the night
While I'm watching the fight
Looking at the phone, it's no name in sight
Blocked ID, knew something just wasn't right
It's my girl Kandi from out in Miami
Telling me that my man with some bitch in a Camry
Car seat in the back like he started a family
Yo Kan, stop playing, what the fuck is you saying?

[Kandi]
Remember them chicks from the Bricks 'round nine six
That we seen when we hit a lick by the project?

[Nicki Minaj]
Oh, you mean Leah, little sister Maria
I used to go see her in front of the pizzeria

[Kandi]
I didn't say them
They schooled me to some bitch that you knew from back when
Some bitch named Kim
Light skinned, slim, used to rock a low brim
Followed them to the crib, but the lights real dim
They hit me on the chirp, warning me, now I'm warning you
What's it gonna be Nicki, tell me what you wanna do

[Nicki Minaj]
Damn, I'mma have to send her to her maker
Damn, I'mma have to send her to her maker
Damn, I'mma have to send her to her maker
I'mma send her to her maker
I'mma send her to her maker

[Kandi]
They heard about his good sexing, long erections
Nice complexion, Magnums for protection
They even heard about his tongue game
How the nigga give brain, ain't stop 'til the cum came
But that's words of Hip Hop
I popped the bitch top, like a Corona

[Nicki Minaj]
Call a coroner, it's gonna be a lot of black dresses and chest vest-es
If I find out he got a next Mrs
What you think all the goons is for
Two by the door, a few more out in New York
And I feed 'em curry chicken, I'm all about my green nahmean?
Got some fat bitches in the kitchen
I got a spot like ox and we cook oxtail
Got a scale for what's in the mail
I got whatever on my nigga bail, But if the nigga bail
I'll have him sleeping with some killer whales
Damn bitches wanna fuck with my man
On the other hand, things ain't always what you plan
It's the ones up in your prom picture, salon wit'cha
Now they wanna creep in your man's jeep
I bet you Nicki won't sleep
Cause I'mma put the heat to your beak, You'll bird like tweet tweet
And watch you smoke like a cigarette
Should've left the bitch a pack of Nicorette
Leave all them foul bitches wet
I give a fuck about you and your bum crew
Mami I'm the truth, they salute when I come through
I'm not running bitch, I bust my gun, hold on I hear somebody coming

[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right? (Uh)
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side (Yeah)
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side (Yeah)
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

[Verse 1]
Remember back in the days when niggas had waves
Cazal shades and corn braids?
Pitching pennies, honeys had the high-top jellies
Shooting skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
Lounging at the barbecues, drinking brews
With the neighborhood crews hanging on the avenues
Turn your pages to 1993
Niggas is getting smoked, G, believe me
Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
'Cause real street niggas ain't having that shit
Totin' TECs for rep
Smoking blunts in the project hallways
Shooting dice all day
Waitin' for niggas to step up on some fightin' shit
We get hype and shit and start lightin' shit
So step away with your fistfight ways
Motherfucker, this ain't back in the days
But you don't hear me though

[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

[Verse 2]
No more coco-levio one, two, three
One, two, three, all it is to me is a mystery
I hear you motherfuckers talk about it
But I stay seeing bodies with the motherfuckin' chalk around it
And I'm down with the shit, too
For the stupid motherfuckers want to try to use Kung-Fu
Instead of a MAC-10, he tried scrappin'
Slugs in his back and that's what the fuck happens
When you sleep on the street
Little motherfuckers with heat wanna leave a nigga six feet deep
And we coming to the wake
To make sure the crying and commotion ain't a motherfucking fake
Back in the days our parents used to take care of us
Look at 'em now, they even fuckin' scared of us
Calling the city for help because they can't maintain
Damn, shit done changed

[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

[Verse 3]
If I wasn't in the rap game
I'd probably have a ki, knee-deep in the crack game
Because the streets is a short stop
Either you're slingin' crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot
Shit, it's hard being young from the slums
Eatin' five cent gums, not knowing where your meal's coming from
And now the shit's getting crazier and major
Kids younger than me, they got the Sky brand pagers
Goin' out of town, blowing up
Six months later, all the dead bodies showing up
It make me wanna grab the nine and the shotty
But I gotta go identify the body
Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts?
Every time I turn around, a nigga gettin' took out
Shit, my mama got cancer in her breast
Don't ask me why I'm motherfucking stressed, things done changed

[Chorus]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

[Outro]
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

[Verse 1: Kid Cudi]
She said I don't spend time like I really should
She said she don't know me anymore
I think she hates me deep down, I know she does
She wants to erase me, hmm
A couple days, no talking, I see my baby
And this what she tells me

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
She said I keep on running, keep on running
And nothing works, I can't get away from you, no
I keep on ducking, keep on ducking you, nothing helps
I can't stop missing you (Yeah)

[Verse 2: Kid Cudi]
It's like I'm her new nightmare, she ain't escaping
It makes me feel a bit complete (Yeah)
Knowing someone you love don't feel the same way about ya
Memories they soon delete (Hmm)
A couple weeks, no talking, I see my baby
I missed you so damn much
Hey, I wish we could start over, I told my baby
This what this bitch tells me

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
She said I keep on running, keep on running, and nothing works
I can't get away from you, no
I keep on ducking, keep on ducking you, nothing helps
I can't stop missing you

[Bridge: Kid Cudi & Kanye West]
Yeah, cause I'm in the magazines, on the TV
No matter where you are, you might hear me (Uh)
I'm in the magazines, on the TV
No matter where you go, you might see me (Hello, haha)

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
Uh, I'm Yeezy, she say "Hi, I'm Aria"
No, you a angel, you wave "Hi" to Aaliyah
I got a show in Korea, they built a new arena
Why don't you come and watch a nigga tear the whole scene up
I know I seen you before, but don't know where I seen ya
Oh I remember now, you something that I dreamed of
Don C says she cool, but don't let her fuck your cream up
Monica Lewinsky on the dress, she'll take you to the cleaners
Sure enough, a week later, I'm in extra love
And everybody know she's mine so she extra plugged
Every bouncer, every club show her extra love
We just praying the new fame don't get the best of us
But all good things gotta come to a en-a
She let it go to her head, "No, not my Aria"
The height of her shopping was writer's blocking me
I couldn't get my shit out anyway, I hope you die, Aria

[Chorus: Kid Cudi]
I keep on running, keep on running
And nothing works, I can't get away from you, no
I keep on ducking, keep on ducking you, nothing helps
I can't stop missing you

[Intro: Eminem]
Good evening
This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of
Four million and a half.. feet
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please... undo your seat belt for takeoff (Chkk)
You are now free to smoke about the cabin (Chkka)

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre]
I'm Dre, from back in the day, from
N.W.A, from black and the gray, from
Choking a bitch, to smacking her face, from
Stacking up bodies, to racking AKs up
From racking up hits, to stacking them crates up
I'm still hungry, and I'm back with a tapeworm
And we're what's happenin' in rap entertainment
Me and Shady, as far as competition, faggot, there ain't none

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Speak of the Devil, it's attack of the Rain Man
Chainsaw in hand, bloodstain on my apron
Soon as the blade spun, vrrunn, they run away from
Who wanna play dungeon? No one is safe from
In search of a brain surgeon, a great one
Wait, it ain't funny, man, it's urgent, I need one
Two boxes of detergent in a paint gun
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1

[Chorus: Eminem]
So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (You are now smoking with the best)
I said, one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (You are now smoking with the best)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon Wireless
A nice environment, surprised entirely
Hypnotized by the sound, I surround the hydrants
Taking lives of firemen; say goodbye, here I am again
Naked wives and Vicodin
Before I begin to get so high, pussy boy, I could spin
Vinn-vinn, fuck the handle, I fly off the hinge
Let that boy off the bench, coach, and throw it to him
There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again
Baby, make us some french toast and show us some skin
I'll show you every inch grows on my foreskin
Show me nipple, I pinch both, and throw up a ten
Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again
The sorcerer of intercourse; if it's forced, it's him
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain

[Chorus: Eminem]
So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best)
I said, one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best)

[Verse 4: Dr. Dre]
Now where there's smoke, there's fire, where there's fire, there's flames
Where there's flames, there's chronic, either you high or you ain't
I got no time for no games

[Verse 5: Eminem]
Nuh-uh, he ain't playin'
He's gon' get the AK and aim it right at your brain
I'm slightly insane, vodka and creatine
Hpnotiq and Red Bull, it's an incredible energy drink
And it's given me wings, I believe I can fly
While I pee on a girl, you won't catch me CSI
It's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake
Dre, get on the mic and make 'em tremble and shake

[Verse 6: Dr. Dre]
Now put your smoke up in the air, raise your Henny and Coke
And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
We can smoke 'til there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Let's get into it, you're smokin' with the triedest and truest
I got the Midas touch when it comes to rollin' shit up
You motherfuckers ain't smokin', you just holdin' shit up
Now here we go, let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
'Cause if at first you don't succeed, won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing as how I blew up off of puffing them trees

[Verse 7: Eminem & Dr. Dre]
Well smoke enough for me, fuck yeah, light it up, Cheech
Come on, smoke me out cuz, give me contact buzz
Get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff
But this is Earth calling Shady, man, come on back—What?
Man, we're losing him, he won't even respond back, fuck!
Now look at all the pretty women in here (Damn, bitches!)
Dre, it's hot, I think we better go check on their temperatures
I'll get the thermometer, you get the bandages
Now baby, just bend over, this won't hurt a damn bit, just—

[Chorus: Eminem]
Give me one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best)
I said, one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go (You are now smokin' with the best)

[Verse: Ludacris]
Hi, my name's Ludacris, and I'm high as giraffe pussy
And I'm close to the edge, so your parents can come push me
I curse so much just to get on they nerves
I got kids actin' a fool from the traps to the 'burbs
My filthy mouth, it won't fight cavities or beat plaque
So I shot the tooth fairy and put my old teeth back
I take a shit on the equator, the size of a crater
And make government officials breathe harder than Darth Vader
It's the chicken and the beer that makes Luda keep rappin'
But no pork on my fork, I don't even speak pig Latin
I go fishin' on my lake, with yo bitch as the bait
Plus I eat many MCs, but I don't gain no weight
The numba one chief rocka, clean out yo' rap lockers
I'm as stiff as a board, y'all more shook than maracas
But my trix ain't for kids, if you dig'um you'll get smacked
I'll clock ya I'll spring forward, you fall back
Every album that I drop has got more than ten bangers
That's cause I'm a shot caller, y'all fools is Crank Yankers
Ain't a damn thing changed but the ice on my chain
To get chicks from Portland, Oregon to Portland, Maine
Now I roll up torpedoes, get blunted with rastas
For a hefty fee, I'm on your record like Bob Costas
I own so many jerseys, I'm a throwback mess
I hit the cleaners and tell 'em I want a full-court press (Ow)
So momma toast your glass while I'm countin' my cash
'Cause every single is a smash, I'm hot as a camel's ass
The competition never just wanna admit that they lost
And that they last about as long as my part in The Wash
From yo' car to a crap game, no one rolls wit'chu
One of Mini-Me's shoes got more sole than you
So by the time you figure out why your record ain't spinnin'
I'm in the strip club smokin' with President Clinton
So stand clear of the long sideburns and goatee
They made the mold of the penis enlarger off me (Me)
I'll be in another room when I hit from the back
Not to mention my refrigerator's taller than Shaq (Yeah)
So yippie kay yay, yippie yie yie yo (Yo)
If you can't swim, don't smoke my hydro ('Dro)
I've been lookin for a woman just to put my stamp on
But a lot of y'all are mo' stuck up than tampons (Woo)
So wash all your sins away and stop playin' (Yeah)
If God's line is busy you might have to two-way him (Mhm)
Then catch me in your backyard, playin' croquet
And when I'm drunk, tell them kids, "Drugs are bad, mmm'kay?"?
Or watch me swing my chain at the Roscoe's off Pico
Got seven cars, get all my rims at Chrome Depot
And people think I'm bad, they say "Ooh, he's so evil!"
'Cause I go on blind dates with actual blind people (Ow)
But my album's out the store, yours be on the shelf
I heard you masturbate a lot, so y'all keep to yourself
'Cause these women want a man that stay up and stay strong
Like the NBA, you gotta play hard or go home
All that shit that y'all talkin', y'all can pop it to them
'Cause Ludacris'll beat you down with a prosthetic limb
I put my foot so deep in your ass that you can smell it
And your breath will turn to Foot Locker water repellant
I'm the man, I got money far as the eyes can see
And I'm in a group, I split dough with me, me, and me
So much money in my jewelry that I'm damn near sorry
So I'ma trade my earrings in and get a Ferrari (Woo)
I buy cars with straight cash, have meetings with Donald Trump
Y'all meet with Honda, no payments for twelve months (Uh-huh)
Take a look at yo' life, and no wonder you so sad
Y'all put up with more shit than a colostomy bag (Fool)

[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Yeah, yeah, you ready motherfucker?
We gonna kill your ass, kill your ass
I'm ready

[Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.]
As I grab the Glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off release
Straight at your dome, holmes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doing your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
Mic ripper, girl stripper, the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a light switch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the Q
-45, Glocks and TECs are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques dripping out my butt cheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave, G
I'm ready to die and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a Jheri curl, I'm ready to die!

[Chorus]
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die

[Verse 2: The Notorious B.I.G.]
As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doing whatever it took from snatching chains to pocketbooks
A big bad motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs, tried to get the avenue sold
I want it all from the Rolexes to the Lexus
Getting paid is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?
Now I've got a Glock making motherfuckers duck
Shit is real and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kickin' niggas down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggas getting wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns 'cause I'm ready

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready to die
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die
Nah we ain't gonna kill your ass yet, we gonna make you suffer

[Verse 3: The Notorious B.I.G.]
In a sec, I throw the TEC to your fucking neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie 'bout to get some rec
Quick to leave you in a coffin for slick talkin
You better act like CeCe and keep on walkin'
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung a left, you swung a right, you fell to the concrete
Your face, my feet, they meet with stompin'
I'm rippin' MCs from Tallahassee to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggas say I'm strange, deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
After the hit, leave you on the street with your neck slit
Down your backbone to where your motherfucking'shit drip
The shit I kick, ripping through the vest
Biggie Smalls passing any test, I'm ready to die!

[Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Time to go, we gon put you out your misery motherfucker
Niggas definitely know what time it is (Yes, I'm ready)
The Notorious one in full effect for '93 (Yes, I'm ready)
Uhh, uhh Yes, I'm ready
Suicidal, I'm ready!
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die

[Outro: Puff Daddy]
Now I lay me down to sleep (Yeah)
Pray the Lord my soul to keep
If I should die before I wake
I pray the Lord my soul to take
'Cause I'm ready to die
(I'm ready, I'm ready)
All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to
(I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready)
Biggie Smalls the biggest man
(I'm Ready)
Rocking on and on in '93, Easy Mo Bee
Third Eye and the rest of the Bad Boy fam
I don't wanna see no crying at my funeral

[Verse]
I met you in a club in Atlanta, Georgia
Said me and my homeboy were coming out with an album
You looked at me like, "Yeah, nigga, right"
But you gave me your number anyway, you were on the talcum
Powder—how's about them oranges?
Moved away from home to school with big plans
By day, studied the history of music
By night, just to pay for that shit, you'd dance
To get your pants was a Mission Impo–ssible
We were both the same age, but I
Suppose, wasn't on the same page, but in
The same book of life, so I'd page you when
I felt you that were getting off of work
Or either when you're on your way to school
We started hanging like Ernie and Bert
And in my idle head, I'm thinking, "Cool"
Just when I think I'm going down your shirt
You're hiking up your skirt now
The events that followed had me volley
If your hometown would be Heaven or Hell
The angelic nastiness you possessed made you by far the best
Therefore, hard to tell
You'd drop me off by the Dungeon
Never came in, but I knew that you were wondering
"Now, are these niggas in this house up to something?
Selling crack, sack by sack, so they could function?"
W-W-Well, yes and no
Yes, we were selling it, but no, it wasn't blow
Cook it in the basement, then move it at a show
Then grab the microphone, and everybody yelled, "Ho!"
Meanwhile, the video starts playing
BET, college radio, and a van
Packed full of niggas with a blunt in their hand
And one in they ear—you know what I'm saying, but
I kept your number in my old phone
Got a new chip-flip with the roam-roam
So it took me a minute to retrieve seven digits
But I promised I would call you when I got home, but
When I got home, I never did
By the time I did, heard that you'd had a kid
By some nigga in Decatur who replied, "See you later"
When he got the good news—that's life, shit
Now, I'm nineteen with a Cadillac
My nigga had a Lex with the gold pack
Got a plaque, but I'm living with my Pop-Pop
So I got a Glock and a LoJack
Yeah, kinda fast for that fella in class who used to draw
And never said much, 'cause half of what he saw
Was so far from that place you wanna be
That words only fucked it up more; follow me
Are you starting to gather what I'm getting at?
Now if I'm losing you, tell me, then I'll double back
But keep in mind: At the time, "Keep it real" was the phrase
Silly when said now, but those were the days
When Spring Break and Daytona
And Freakniks made you wanna
Drop out of college and never go back
Move to the South, but that ain't a Kodak
Moment, on went myself and Big Bo—
Well, you knew hm as "'Twan"
That's right—you were around before this shit begun
Well 'Twan had a daughter and
Sorta was made to mature before the first tour
We hit the road like Jack
Laughed and cried and drive it back with some 'gnac
Girls used to say, "Y'all talk funny. Y'all from the islands?"
And I'd laugh, and they'd just keep smiling
"No, I'm from Atlanta, baby, he from Savannah, maybe
We should hook up and get tore up and then lay down; hey, we
Gotta go because the bus is pulling out in thirty minutes"
She's playing tennis, disturbing the tenants
Fifteen-love, fit like glove
Description is like fifteen doves
In a jacuzzi catching the Holy Ghost
Making one woozy in the head and comatose—agree?
Enough about me, how's about you? How's the lil' kid?
She was about two the last time we spoke
I hadn't smoked or took a shot of drink
'Cause I'd start the second album off on another note; now—
That note threw some niggas in the hood off
But see, I'd balled out, and 'fore I'd fall out
I'd slow my Lac down to a nice speed
The brain was that fried egg, I might need
New direction was apparent
I was a child looking at the floor, staring
So changing my style was like relief for the primitive beast
Yes, I was on the rise, yeast was the street
To make bread, never primary concern
Just to hop on these beats and wait my turn
I'd meet Muslims, gangstas, bitches, rastas
And macaroni niggas: "impastas"
So on a trip to New York on some beeswax
I get invited to a club where emcees at
And on stage is a singer with some thing on her head
Similar to the turban that I covered up my dreads with
Which I was rocking at the time
When I was going through them phases trying to find
Anything that seemed real in the world
Still searching, but I started liking this girl
Now, you know her as Erykah "On & On" Badu
Call Tyrone on the phone, "Why you
Do that girl like that, boy? You ought to be ashamed"
The song wasn't about me, and that ain't my name
Were young, in love; in short, we had fun
No regrets, no abortion, had a son
By the name of Seven
And he's five; by the time I do this mix, he'll probably be six
You do the 'rithmetic, me do the language arts
Y'all stand against the wall blindfolded; we throw the darts
To poke you in the heart and take you from the start
To when luxury transportation meant a MARTA card
Or either when your girlfriend that went to Mays' mama
Or her daddy let her borrow the Benz, because she smart
Or maybe if your neighbor does you a huge favor
And he sells you that Rabbit that's been sitting in his yard
You fix it up, you trick it out
You give it rims, you give it bump
You give it all your time because that's all you can think about
And that's as far as I got
(*music fades*)

[Radio Interview]
"And that's as far as I got, and where I wanted to go, knowing, the whole summer, that's all you could think about. Even though if you cut it off and start that bitch up, you need a jump, like you need and you want to grow, and you change all the time. So that Rabbit that you thought about that whole summer—the next summer, you didn't want that Rabbit no more. You wanted something bigger and better."
"So the summer passed and now the Rabbit's old?"
"Right... right, so now you want a Cadillac..."

[Intro]
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what

[Chorus]
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
Lord please have sympathy
And forgive Michael Young History as
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what

[Verse 1]
I love the Lord
But sometimes, it's like that I love me more
I love the peace, and I love the war
I love the seas, and I love the shore
No love for no beach; baby, that's law
But she doesn't see, therefore I spoil
I trick, I fall, run up in raw
I love her with all my heart
Every vein, every vessel, every bullet lodged
With every flower that I ever took apart
She said that she would give me greatness, status
Placement above the others
My face would grace covers of the magazines of the hustlers
Paper, the likes of which that I had never seen
Her eyes glow green with the logo of our dreams
The purpose of our scene, an obscene obsession for the bling
She would be my queen, I could be her king, together
She would make me cool, and we would both rule, forever
And I would never feel pain
And never be without pleasure, ever again
And if the rain stops, and everything's dry
She would cry just so I can drink the tears from her eyes
She'd teach me how to fly, even cushion my fall
If my engines ever stall and I plummet from the sky
But she will keep me high, and if I ever die
She would commission monuments on her bosom to him
Or maybe she'd retire as well
A match made in Heaven set the fires in Hell, and I'll be

[Chorus]
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
Lord please have sympathy
And forgive Michael Young History as
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what

[Verse 2]
And so began our reign
The Trinity: Her and I, Caine
No weatherman could ever stand when her and I came
Hella hard; umbrella, whatever, put plywood over Pella panes
And pray to God that the flood subside
'Cause you gon' need a sub 'til he does reply
And not one of Jared's, you think it's all arid
And everyt'ing's irie, another supply
That means another July inside my endless summer
That was just the eye of the Unger—Felix
'Cause he is the cleanest amongst the
Younger outstanding achieving up-and-comers
The ones that had deadbeat daddies and well-to-do mommas
But not well enough to keep 'em from us
The ones that were fighting in class, who might not pass
Rap record-pressured to laugh at a life not fast
"Can you feel it?" That's what I got asked
"Do I love her?" Said, "I don't know"
Streets got my heart, game got my soul
One time missing sunshine will never hurt your soul
Quote to a crying, dishonored baby mama
Who's the mama to a daughter that I had fathered from afar
My new lady gave me a Mercedes
And a necklace with a solid gold key like the starter of a car
The opener of a door, or two pounds of raw
You gave me a baby, but what about lately?
Then ha-ha-ha-ha-ha'd, right up in her face, G
There's more fish in the sea, I'm on my mission to be, be

[Chorus]
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
Lord please have sympathy
And forgive Michael Young History as
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what
The coolest nigga, what, the coolest nigga, what

[Verse 3]
Come, these are the tales of The Cool
Guaranteed to go and make you fail from your school
And seek unholy grails like a fool
And hang with the players of the pool
Fast-talking on the hustle
No Heaven up above you, no Hell underneath ye
And no one will receive thee
So shed no tear when we're not here
And keep your faith as we chase
The Cool

[Outro]
(Cool!)

[Intro]
Polow Da Don
It's Kells!
Haters start your engines!

[Verse 1]
4'5'', looking fly
F-f-flossing in that white L.I
Shawty checking for a player
Like she wanna hop in with a player

Girlfriend on some hatin' shit
She like: "Shit, that's Kells, bitch!”
And then I stop like red light
Scooped em up like hitch-hike
Then I let them come with me
Step up in club with one on each sleeve
Doug E. Fresh kid bout to spend that cheese
And after that you know they gonna leave with me
We out of here, get them to the crib
Straight to the mansion, show em how I live
And you can tell that the sex is major
Cause only one day later

[Hook]
They got Kells on they ringtone
I hear Kells on they ringtone
They got Kells on they ringtone
Hold up your phone if you got me on your ringtone!
Hold up your phone if you got me on your ringtone!

[Verse 2]
Let me take you shopping, babe
Meet me right by Macy's, babe
Leave your purse, I'm crazy babe
Walk in and go crazy, babe

I'm telling you money ain't a thing to me
Kells "spin" it on you like wheels on Jeeps
Even after the mall to the Ritz we creep
Sex: put it on you like shoes on feets
Money stacked, club hoppin'
Leaning back, b-b-beat droppin'
All night, non-stoppin'
Club closed we p-p-parking-lottin'
Y'all going to the spot from here?
(Yes sir!)
Is there an after party after this?
(Yes sir!)
Are y'all taking them honies with?
(Yes sir!)
Are y'all on for some more freaky shit?
(Yes sir!)

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
You play me in your car and you play me in your home
Now it's time to download Kells on your ringtone
From ghetto girls, college girls, all the way to strippers
To fine dro smokers and all the Henny sippers
Big chip spenders, big money tippers
At the bar taking shots with my niggas
No fake niggas, no hating niggas
But shots of Patron for all my real niggas
G-g-girls in the hotel getting it on
And they ain't leaving til six in the mornin'
Even superstar chicks too drunk to drive home
Wake up next day and, uh

[Intro]
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality
Open your eyes, look up to the skies and see
I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy
Because I'm easy come, easy go, little high, little low
Any way the wind blows doesn't really matter to me, to me

[Verse 1]
Mama, just killed a man
Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger, now he's dead
Mama, life had just begun
But now I've gone and thrown it all away
Mama, ooh, didn't mean to make you cry
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow
Carry on, carry on as if nothing really matters

[Verse 2]
Too late, my time has come
Sends shivers down my spine, body's aching all the time
Goodbye, everybody, I've got to go
Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth
Mama, ooh (Any way the wind blows)
I don't wanna die
I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all

[Guitar Solo]

[Verse 3]
I see a little silhouetto of a man
Scaramouche, Scaramouche, will you do the Fandango?
Thunderbolt and lightning, very, very frightening me
(Galileo) Galileo, (Galileo) Galileo, Galileo Figaro magnifico
But I'm just a poor boy, nobody loves me
He's just a poor boy from a poor family
Spare him his life from this monstrosity
Easy come, easy go, will you let me go?
Bismillah! No, we will not let you go
(Let him go) Bismillah! We will not let you go
(Let him go) Bismillah! We will not let you go
(Let me go) Will not let you go
(Let me go) Will not let you go
(Never, never, never, never let me go) Ah
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
(Oh, mamma mia, mamma mia) Mamma mia, let me go
Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me, for me, for me!

[Verse 4]
So you think you can stone me and spit in my eye?
So you think you can love me and leave me to die?
Oh, baby, can't do this to me, baby!
Just gotta get out, just gotta get right outta here

[Outro]
(Ooh)
(Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah)
Nothing really matters, anyone can see
Nothing really matters
Nothing really matters to me
Any way the wind blows

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Beat the beat up 'til the beat get punchdrunk
Drown in my flow motherfucker bring your swimmin' trunks
Everybody say they just do it, well I just don't
Times do change motherfucker but the gun don't
Woke up this morning with my dick to the ceilin'
Fell asleep with another chick from my buildin'
Kick her ass out and have breakfast like a muh'fucker
I'm with another bitch by supper
Yeah, me and hate that's an odd couple
Hehe, you niggas fake you wouldn't pop bubbles
You can act stupid, bitch, I'm dumber
And T. Barker is my motherfuckin drummer
Let's go!

[Chorus: Kevin Rudolf]
I'm fallin' down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you
You want me to take you for a ride
Well let's see what you can do
And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh
And I know just what to do
Because I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I been doin' this shit
And you know what they say about the shoe if it fit! Haha
Have a ball 'til I fall though
And if I die today I bet the world end tomorrow
It's fucked up how you ain't never me
And I got blind money, money you will never see
And only in the mirror's where you'll find a better me
I make money and my fingers make the letter B
I'm very sick, very sicker than you
And when I play sick, I'm Jordan with the flu, yeah!
Then I become a motherfucker
And my nigga Travis Barker is my drummer
Motherfucker, let's go!

[Chorus: Kevin Rudolf]
I'm fallin' down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you
You want me to take you for a ride
Well let's see what you can do
And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh
And I know just what to do
Because I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Uhh
I get better with time and time is forever
So just sit back and watch my time get better
So check your watch, I'm strong as Scotch
Papa was a rollin' stone, I was born to rock
Tell it like it is, shit I don't know when it isn't
To be or not to be; shit, I don't know my decision
I don't know how I made it for this long in this condition
Cause my flow so sick I shoulda died in the first verse
Mr. Dr. Carter with my hand up a nurse skirt
Suck me like soup and I'ma eat you like surf n' turf
Hah! Just let me know when you comin
And my motherfuckin nigga T. Barker keep drummin
Let's go!

[Chorus: Kevin Rudolf]
I'm fallin' down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you
You want me to take you for a ride
Well let's see what you can do
And it feels like uhh uh-uh uh-uh
And I know just what to do
Because I'm fallin down a landslide
On a one-way trip to you

[Outro: Kevin Rudolf]
On a one way trip to you
On a one way trip to you

[Intro]
You know, a lot of girls be
Thinkin' my songs are about them
This is not to get confused
This one's for you

[Chorus]
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right, I promise that we gon' live it up
She made me beg for it 'til she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had
I say, you the fuckin'

[Verse 1]
Know you got a roommate, call me when there's no one there
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (Yup)
I be over there, shawty, I be over there
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there
And you don't even have to ask twice
You could have my heart or we could share it like the last slice
Always felt like you was so accustomed to the fast life
Have a nigga thinkin' that he met you in a past life
Sweatpants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on
That's when you're the prettiest
I hope that you don't take it wrong
You don't even trip when friends say
"You ain't bringin' Drake along?"
You know that I'm workin', I'll be there soon as I make it home
And she a patient in my waiting room
Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume
And until them girls prove it
I'm the one that never get confused with, 'cause

[Chorus]
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right, I promise that we gon' live it up
She made me beg for it 'til she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had
I say, you the fuckin'

[Verse 2]
Sex, Love, Pain, baby, I be on that Tank shit
Buzz so big I could probably sell a blank disc
When my album drop, bitches'll buy it for the picture
And niggas'll buy it too and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine paper, girl, the money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee 'cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes, but I can make your pussy whistle
Like the Andy Griffith theme song
And who told you to put them jeans on?
Double cup love, you the one I lean on
Feelin' for a fix, then you should really get your fiend on
Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot
Every single show, she out there reppin' like a mascot
Get it from the back and make your fuckin' bra strap pop
All up in your slot 'til a nigga hit the jackpot, I'm saying

[Chorus]
Baby, you my everything, you all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't never on it
I want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it
'Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right, I promise that we gon' live it up
She made me beg for it 'til she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had
I say, you the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the fuckin' best (Ayy), you the fuckin' best (Ayy)
You the best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had (Ayy)
Best I ever had (Ayy), best I ever had

[Outro]
Uhh, ah yeah
See, this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody
Just make sure they that special somebody
Young Money, yeah, yeah
You know who you are
I got you

[Verse]
Straight out The Ville and I made it
Like a villain I'm hated
I see 'em grillin', I ate it though
Finna blow inflatable, that's undebatable, uh
I'm givin' niggas food for thought, the flow is catered, yo
I'm never faded though
Haters wanna see me broke, but me and the dough related, ho
It's like my only son, where I go, he come
Niggas dumb to be braggin' bout that stupid shit
Nah I don't stunt on niggas, I show'em how to do this shit
I'm somethin' like the light-skin version
Of the very same baby that The Virgin Mary raised
That's word to everything
Nigga life a scary game but I'm playin'
You sucka niggas lie in everything that ya sayin'
Shame on y'all, you tryna ball with the game on pause
A nigga pull the thing on y'all, y'all stain y'all draws
Fuck you niggas, but this ain't raw dog
I got protection, lethal weapons, and they aim on y'all
I'm like the man on mars; I'm high as hell
Watch me blow like I exhale, I excel in this rap shit
Cause y'all spittin' that wack shit
And every nigga suddenly be rappin' bout that trap shit
So while you niggas copy cat the cats that made classics
I just massacre the streets, I'm a master of the beats and the rhymes
I'm rappin' for the freaks and the dimes
And I shine like a mothafuckin' diamond
You shine like a mothafuckin' dime
That's word to my mom
I don't mind if you niggas hate
Just know you hatin' on that nigga, nigga get it straight
I'm spittin' hungry like ain't shit up on my dinner plate
The kind a flow that make a nigga hyper-ventilate (ugh)
See let me demonstrate
I grew up with nothin', it hurt me to see my mother poor
The only pops a nigga ever seen around was Huxtable
And so the muscle flow is something you can't get no muzzle for
Look how the buzz will grow
Ballin' 'til the buzzer blow
Man I'm hungry, does it show?
Ain't nothin' funny, fuck a joke
I'm gettin' money til my pockets need a tummy tuck
I hope you niggas woke now, impermanentely
Send you to hell, you meet the devil, sign a permanent lease
Word on the streets is I'm the prince nigga, check the splendor
And I can't wait to be the King, nigga: young simba
Word on the streets is I'm the Prince nigga, check the splendor
And I can't wait to be the king, nigga: young simba

[Verse 1: J. Cole]
And could I be a star?
Does fame in this game have to change who you are?
Or could I be the same one who came from a far away life
Just to make it in this broadway lights
Now I'm shinin in the broad, day-light - go figure
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville
Got a deal, a real life saver
Dreams of being behind the wheel like, Jada
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later
Cole, you got a glow like a lil' Lightsaber
So, clap for him, then applaud Hov
He gave 'em the platform
Flow so sick thought he wrote the rap for him - no sir
The flow cold as a shoulder of a gold diggin hoes
When a broke nigga 'proaches
Told ya I'm focused man, I'll let you muh'fuckers soak it in
Clap for him

[Verse 2: J. Cole]
Dear Lord, what am I here for?
Is it the girls, or the money or is there more?
I know the world ’bout to come to an endin’
So, before it does, let me finish all my sinnin’
I see the devil grinning, as if he winning
This just the bottom of the 9th inning
I’m coming back like light-skin and
What a sad sight, lookin’ at my gas light
Damn, man, I just threw ten in
Look, 5 dollars won’t get you what it used to
And, look, love don’t mean what it used to
And everybody and they momma on YouTube
Is it just me or is this unusual?
Don’t wanna lose you, just wanna reach y’all
So let me slow down to the beat y’all
Put the remote down, move ya feet y’all
One time for the boys holdin’ heat y’all
Keep that tucked ‘fore somebody get hurt
See me, I’d rather cut let ya body give birth
Now, if you was the last man walking on Earth
Turn this up, clap ya hands like this was church
Hey…and clap for him…

[Intro]
Yeah
Uh-huh
The fuck was I thinking?
Drought 3, bitch
Yeah, let me light my see-through blunt
What you know 'bout it?
You dig?
Weezy's the name, money's the game
Already

[Verse 1]
Hardbody, motherfucker, got the heart of a killer
Young God in the building, 'bout to start a religion
'Bout to call Bin Laden up and order some missiles
Bring 'em straight to your block and go to war with you bitches
If you hit the head, then the rest fall in position
Shoot a nigga on his porch, and make him fall in his kitchen
Copped a big-boy Porsche with all the specifics
And I keep that torch, baby—call me "Olympics"
Red, white, blue pill, flip my skills like gymnasts
And never give a bitch money, blood, or kidneys
When the gun goes "Pow," I be at the finish
With my medal 'round my neck, autograph on my tennis
The land of the murder, dope, crack, and syringes
Pull up on you in the coupe—how fat is your engine?
Never talk to those that sat on the benches
Boy, I was in the game on fourth-and-inches
These niggas want the business, I'ma give these boys the business
See you fucking with the boy that tote toys before Christmas
Got all these hoes tripping, got all these hoes stripping
And we ain't P$C, but them bitches know we tipping
I just bought a pint and ain't none of y'all sippin'
Make my friends buy they own—fuck, I'm tired of bein' friendly
Ain't gotta lie just to try to be wit me
Bitches up in Heaven waiting that done died to be with me
I'm crazy for being Wayne, or is Wayne just crazy?
I been around, I'm still around, like them Geico cavemen
Hairpin trigger—no, I won't shave it
I spot hip-hop in the ocean, I'm gon' save it
The South is so dirty, bitch, you can't bathe it
Hollygrove, dog, and I feel like matin'
Baby girl, your pussy lookin' so vacant
And it's "Fuck you" and "Fuck Georgia Bush," not Macon
Fuck "waist-deep," I'm in over my head
But it's cool, I'ma make it, I'm good like Meagan
Your girl wants me to come 'round her like Reagan
Your boyfriend is softer than the carton the eggs in
I don't fear nothing but God and weddings
At the top of my paper, like I'm starting a heading
My homie, Santana—yeah, that's my ace
But you may know us as "I Can't Feel My Face"

[Interlude]
Yeah
Weezy, bitch!
Don't give a fuck about you at all!
I'm paid
Been that way for a long time
Looks like I'ma die like that
'Cause if I ain't, I'ma just die
Haha

[Verse 2]
Yeah! See, they don't know where I came from
But they know where I'm goin'
And I'ma tell you just how the top feels when I'm on
In the game I'm no cheetah, I'm a tiger, I'm a cougar
I'm a panther, I'm a Bengal: Ochocinco
I'm illy, shirt softer than Gillie
In a pair of Gucci flops, feeling freer than Willie
When them niggas left I, it got a little bit chilly
But I just let it burn like the end of the Philly—Weezy!

[Chorus 1: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment
Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance, I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: "Dawg, in due time!"
Now he look at me, like, "Damn, dawg! You where I am!"
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in that accident, ‘cause this must be Heaven

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky

[Post-Chorus: Kanye West]
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
(Top of the world, baby, top top of the world!)
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
(Top of the world, baby, on top of the world!)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was havin' nervous breakdowns
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"
Baby, I'm goin' on an aeroplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryin' to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco]
Yes, yes, yes, guess who's on third?
Lupe steal like Lupin the 3rd
Here like ear 'til I'm beer on the curb
Peachfuzz buzz but beard on the verge
Let's slow it down like we're on the syrup
Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterworth
But, before you say another word
I'm back on the block like I'm layin' on the street
I'm tryna stop lyin' like I'm Mumm-Ra
But I'm not lyin' when I'm layin' on the beat, en garde
Or touché, Lupe cool as the unthawed
But I still feel possessed as a gun charge
Come as correct as a porn star
In a fresh pair steps in my best foreign car
So, I represent the first
Now let me end my verse right where the horns are, like uh

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky

[Outro: Kanye West]
We back at home, baby!
Sky high, I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
I’m, I’m sky high!
Sky, sky high! I’m, I’m sky high!
Yeah, keep it rollin'!
Yeah, uh, feels good to be home, baby!
Feels good to be home!

[Produced by Just Blaze]

[Verse 1]
Yeah, I had this little bad thing, somethin' like them tens
She gave a nigga mad brain, somethin' like The Wiz
But, you see, the sad thing fuckin' with her is
Is the chick ain't even have brains, dummy like a bitch
So I tried to show her about the world
And about just who we really are
And where we've come and how we still have to go really far
Like, "Baby, look at how we live broke on the boulevard"
But all she ever want me to do is unhook her bra
Then all I really want is for her to go down low
Before you know it, she wet enough to get drowned slow
And all that deep shit I was previously down fo'
Replaced by freak shit I am currently down fo'
You see I peeped it, pussy is power
That proud feelin' we get knowin' that pussy is ours
And how it feels to feel that feelin'
You feelin' when you be drillin' that shit
Got her sayin' you be killin' that shit
And all the pain the world cause, she be healin' that shit
And naw, that ain't your girl, dog
But you be feelin' that chick
And you just wanna tell her everything she might need
But in the meantime it's lights, please

[Chorus]
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright

[Verse 2]
So now we in the hotel, mirrors on the ceilin'
She say she wanna blow L's, I hear her and I'm willin'
But every time I smoke, well, a nigga mind gone
So that every word I spoke, well, I'm tryna put her on
But she couldn't hear me
I told her all about how we been livin' a lie
And that they love to see us all go to prison or die
Like, "Baby, look at how they show us on the TV screen"
But all she ever want me to do is unzip her jeans
Then all I really want is for her to get on top
Before you know it, she workin', jerkin' it nonstop
And all that next shit I was previously talkin'
Is now that wet shit that I'm currently lost in
And while that sweat drip, I am reminded
All the times my brother told me that pussy is blindin'
I'm findin', the more I grow
The more y'all seem to stay the same
Don't even know the rules, but yet y'all tryna play the game
And ain't it shameful how niggas blame hoes for givin' birth
To a baby that took two to make?
Coward nigga, you a fake
How you gonna look in your son's face and turn your back
Then go start another family?
Dawg, what type of shit is that?
She said it's okay, rub my head and told me to relax
Laid a nigga down proper, like she was recordin' tracks
Said "I know you wanna change the world
But for the night, please
Just reach over and hit the lights please"

[Chorus]
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
Lights please, lights please, turn off the lights
For now, everything just seems so right
And how you make the darkness seem so bright
I'm feeling like things gon' be alright
Lights please, ah-ah-ah
Lights please, ah-ah-ah
Lights please, ah-ah-ah
Lights please, turn off the lights
Lights, please

[Outro]
Alright, if y'all niggas heard the first one, The Come Up and shit, then you would have heard part 1 of this joint right here. It's "Dead Presidents", you know classic nigga, that's classic Jay shit. So I did it, threw it on the first mixtape, this is about a year ago. We let niggas hear like you know the mixtape whatever, and there was always this one nigga that stuck out to me like a year ago. This nigga's like "yo". like I thought I did my thing on this shit, that was like two of my favorite verses that I did, but he was just like "Yo", like, "Yo you didn't come right man. If you gon' come on Dead Presidents son, you gotta come, hard son, you gotta come harder than that son, you gotta come harder than that." I was like, man what you mean I came hard? But, that shit always stuck in my mind, so doing this next, you know, doing this The Warm Up I was like, damn, I gotta get on it again, I gotta do it again. Just almost like, just to prove to that nigga and kinda prove to myself that you I can, I can maybe get a little...

[Produced by Kanye West]

[Intro: Otis Redding and Kanye West]
Wished I had told ooh was (the) only one (uh oh)
But it's too late
It's too late
He's gone

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
You sweat her, and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi
You a big L, and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
(Brother Numpsay!) Groupies say I'm too choosy
Take 'em to the show and talk all through the movies
Say she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way, gone!

[Hook 1: Kanye West and Cam'ron]
Gone
We striving home
Gone
I ride on chrome

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Y'all don't want no prob' from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern, and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn
Plus, he already got three chil'r'n
Arguin' over babysitters like, "Bitch, it's your turn"
"Damn, Ye, it'd be stupid to diss you
Even your superficial raps is super-official"
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on
With TVs in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap, now he at the top with Doobie Long
'Cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone

[Hook 2: Cam'ron and Otis Redding]
We striving home, gone
I ride on chrome, gone
We striving home
We striving home, gone (Killa)
I ride on chrome

[Verse 3: Cam'ron]
Knock knock, who's there? Killa Cam, Killa who?
Killa Cam, hustler, grinder, guerilla troop
Oh my chinchilla blue, blue, you ever dealt with a dealer
Well here's the deal, ma we going to the dealer, woo
No concealing, no ceiling I don't need a roof
Act up, get out, I don't need you, poof!
Poof, be gone, damn, tough luck, dag (Dag)
Niggas still doing puff-puff-pass (Puff, pass)
Pull the truck up fast and I tell 'em
Hey, back in a touched-up Jag, shit
Y'all niggas wanna get in Cam's cerebellum
An old man just gon' tell 'em too late
Then I see how y'all gonna react when I'm gone
My last girl want me back then I'm on
Fine, stay, you got the grind, hey
Came back, read what the sign say (Too late, he's gone)
Yes, I know you wanna see my demise
Yeah, you church, boy, acting like a thief in disguise
Ain't even my size, see the greed in my eyes
Ask Abby, I hustle, brought weed to the Chi, chyeah
And that ain't even a lie, please believe me
Gave Weezie a piece of the pie and
You can ask George or Regina
The whole West Side I explore with the Bimmer now

[Hook 3: Cam'ron]
We striving home
I ride on chrome
Listen, homeboy, move on
That's your best bet, why's that, Cons'?

[Verse 4: Consequence]
I been pouring out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone
And trying to help his Momma with the fact that her child gone
And since we used to bubble like a tub full of Calgon
Guess it's only right that I should help her from now on
But since they got afoul on what could've gone wrong
Now they asking "Cons, how long has this gone on?"
And maybe all this money might have gone to my head
'Cause they got me thinking money might have gone to the Feds
So I had gone to the dread, but he had gone up to bed
And when I came the next morning he was gone with my bread
And with that being said I had gone on my instincts
And gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks
But looking back now, I should've gone to the crib
And rented Gone With the Wind, 'cause I'da gone in by ten
But I had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar
And heard a nigga talking shit so I had gone to the car
And now the judge is telling me that I had gone too far
And now we gone for twenty years doing time behind bars
And since I gone to a cell for some petty crimes
I guess I gone to the well one too many times, 'cause I'm gone

[Break: Kanye West]
Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh

[Verse 5: Kanye West]
I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime
Light like when I was on the grind
In the 1-9-9-9
Before model chicks was bending over
Or dealerships asked me "Benz or Rover?"
Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old?
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role
My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later, the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro'
How we out in Europe, spending Euros
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything including the mannequin
They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin', stay calm
Shorties at the door 'cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said, "Sorry, Mr. West is gone"

[Chorus]
Shorty, I'ma only tell you this once, you the illest
(Ba, ba-da, da, doh)
And for your loving, I'ma die hard like Bruce Willis
(Ba, ba-da, da, doh)
You got spark, you, you got spunk
You, you got something all the girls want
You're like a candy store (Ah) and I'm a toddler (Ah)
You got me wanting more and m-m-more of
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love
Your love, your love
Your love, your love (Uh)
Your love, your love (Uh, yo)

[Verse 1]
He the type to pop tags and be cockin' the brim
Might breeze through The Ave, might stop at the gym
And he keep a do-rag, keep the wave on swim
W-w-waves on swim so they hate on him
Anyway, I think I met him sometime before
In a different life or where I record
I mean he was Adam, I think I was Eve
But my vision ends with the apple on the tree
"S" on my chest 'cause I'm ready to save him
Ready to get buck on anybody that plays him
And I think I love him, I love him just like I raised him
When he call me "mama, lil' mama," I call him "baby"

[Chorus]
Shorty, I'ma only tell you this once, you the illest
(Ba, ba-da, da, doh)
And for your loving, I'ma die hard like Bruce Willis
(Ba, ba-da, da, doh)
You got spark, you, you got spunk
You, you got something all the girls want
You're like a candy store (Ah) and I'm a toddler (Ah)
You got me wanting more and m-m-more of
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love
Your love, your love
Your love, your love (Mmhmm)
Your love, your love (Yo, yo)

[Verse 2]
He the type to keep a couple hundred grand in a rubber band
Just left Money Gram in the lemon Lamb'
Hot damn, make me scream like Summer Jam
I mean that nigga must be from the motherland
Anyway, I think I met him in the sky
When I was a Geisha, he was a Samurai
Somehow, I understood him when he spoke Thai
Never spoke lies and he never broke fly
"S" on my chest, let me get my cape on
He's so thugged out, Ghostface and Raekwon
Convict just like Akon
'Cause you know the snitches be putting the jake on

[Chorus]
Shorty, I'ma only tell you this once, you the illest
(Ba, ba-da, da, doh)
And for your loving, I'ma die hard like Bruce Willis
(Ba, ba-da, da, doh)
You got spark, you, you got spunk
You, you got something all the girls want
You're like a candy store (Ah) and I'm a toddler (Ah)
You got me wanting more and m-m-more of
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love (Yeah)
Your love, your love
Your love, your love
Your love, your love
Your love, your love

[Outro]
Find me in the dark
I'll be in the stars
Find me in your heart
I'm in need of your love
Your love, your love
Your love
Baby, you're the illest
Your love
Your love

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus 1]
Yes, I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Verse 1]
You don't see just how wild the crowd is
You don't see just how fly my style is
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know, I just want it better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I wanted layaway or a deposit
My dad'd say "when you see clothes, close your eyelids"
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie, I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
'Cause every summer he'd get some
Brand new harebrained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd send me back to school with a new wardrobe, but ayy

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus 2]
I think he did
When he packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everything I wanted, man it seem so serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Verse 2]
When it feel like living's harder than dyin'
For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill said her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'Cause who the kids gon' listen to, huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week I paid a visit to the institute
They got the dropout keepin' kids in the school
I guess I cleaned up my act like Prince'd do
If not for the pleasure, least for the principle
They got the CD, they got to see me
Drop gems like I dropped out of PE
They used to feel invisible
Now they know they invincible

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Bridge]
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up, stand up, here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Chorus 1]
Yes, I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everybody want it, but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this... like this

[Refrain]
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

[Produced by Kanye West and Brian Miller]

[Intro: Eminem & Dina Rae]
Yeah, hahahaha
Whoo, shit
Mmm
Oh, oh, mmm
Ehh, ehh
Aight, guess what? I ain't comin' in yet
Oh, oh, ooh, ooh
I'll come in a minute
Ayo, this is my love song, it goes like this
Hey, yeah

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark (Fuckin' faggot!)
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk
And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
And everything's spinnin', you're beginnin' to think women
Are swimmin' in pink linen again in the sink, then in
A couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches
You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up
Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot
Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it
All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin'
And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it
Let me outta this place, I'm outta place
I'm in outer space, I've just vanished without a trace
I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow
I'll be back in an hour or so

[Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae]
‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa)
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa)
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)
‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)

[Verse 2: Eminem]
In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's Cube
Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Jude
Schemin' on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I've got no game, and every face looks the same
They've got no name, so I don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want
However, I do show some respect to few
This ecstasy's got me standin' next to you
Gettin' sentimental as fuck, spillin' guts to you
We just met, but I think I'm in love with you
But you're on it too, so you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like, "Yo, what the fuck we'd do?"
I gotta go, bitch, you know I got stuff to do
‘Cause if I get caught cheatin', then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run, these drugs are probably
Gonna catch up sooner or later, but fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy, let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around lookin' like some wind-up dolls
Shit's stickin' out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more

[Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae]
‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa)
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa)
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)
‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend?
Screw it! And what's a little bit of alcohol poisonin'?
And what's a little fight? Tomorrow, you'll be boys again
It's your life, live it however you wanna
Marijuana is everywhere, where was you brought up?
It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin'
‘Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin'
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignorin'
Even though you wake up feelin' like shit every mornin'
But you're young, you've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw, parties to crash, sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded
And graduated to better drugs and updated
But I still got a lotta growing up to do
I still got a whole lotta throwing up to spew
But when it's all said and done, I'll be forty
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch tellin' stories
With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids in my lap
Babysittin' for Hailie while Hailie's out gettin' smashed

[Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae]
‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa)
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa)
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)
‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)

[Hook: Eminem & Dina Rae]
‘Cause every time I go to try to leave (Whoa)
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve (Whoa)
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)
‘Cause every time I try to tell 'em "no" (No)
They won't let me ever let 'em go (Go)
I'm a sucker all I gotta say (Whoa)
These drugs really got a hold of me (Whoa)

[Outro: Eminem]
Drugs really got a hold of me
Really got a hold of me
These drugs really got a hold of me
They really got a hold of me

[Intro]
Aw, man, yeah
You ever be in the club, man
You get in a fight
And people that you don't even know jump in?

[Verse 1]
You feel like you wanna hit somethin', your fist clenches, you're pissed
You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this
You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away
From splittin' your shit wide open, no stitches can save
You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way
You end up going out, but I guess it just is, I'm afraid
Razors, scissors and blades make Jason say, "Isn't this great?"
On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate
That's startin' to take place in the middle of the street
Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl soon as you heard this beat
Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene
But it's too late, it's absolute pandemonium, whisked away
In an ambulance is your fate, nothing nobody told you
When you left the house today could've made you anticipate
Such an ass-whipping, okay, 'til the anger dissipates
You'll get punched in the face, reciprocate, come on! (Woo!)

[Chorus]
So what the deal, ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
I said, so what the deal, ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

[Verse 2]
You step in the place with enough misplaced anger to catch a case
Anxious to get in some shit, got your gangstas all with your ladies
You better go get your mace 'cause Shady said so
You may wanna pick up the radio and bang it against your face
That's how fuckin' rowdy you feel, now do you still wanna grill?
If you don't wanna get the shit beat out of you, chill
'Cause if you doubt me, you will, yeah, got me a pill, found me a thrill
I got a couple of drinks here, and I'm bound to refill (Woo)
Girl, howdy, how do you feel, ma?
This cocksucker did not spill my drink, oh, hell nah
He must be trying to kill my buzz
I will not budge, so what the deal, ridaz?
Now here they all come and they got your back in, like, two seconds flat
And that's probably a record, yeah, you wasn't expecting that
'Cause they want in on the act, there's a Cognac bottle
We snuck it in 'cause the beer that they was serving here was only tap
I'm bitin', I fight dirty, you might get kicked in the nuts
You're frightened like, "This guy might hurt me"
You're quite certain he's nuts, I've hit myself in the face harder
Play smarter, you may start her over, you need a chainsaw to
Dig your way out or go powder your nose, pussy
The louder you yell, the harder I slap the shit outta you hoes
You set it off, faggot, so now how do you 'spose
We settle it? Hit me in the nose, we'll see how it goes

[Chorus]
So what the deal, ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
I said, so what the deal, ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

[Verse 3]
It's sheer hustle, I bob, weave, deflate your beer muscles
We're tusslin', the crowd's startin' to cheer us, and
Adrenaline's rushin' through us just like a geyser gushin'
Too much Budweiser in my blood, I'm stranglin' your windpipe for nothin' (Woo!)
My signature's ligature marks, look at you all
Big with your remarks 'til I swing an icepick at your heart
At least that's what it feels like when I pick ya apart
And dig at ya, and break you down like the bitch that you are
The predicament starts when I throw a brick at your car
The pain inflicted upon you is so sick, it's bizarre
Shit, this is almost ridiculous, addictive as far
As havin' me wanna rip out your fricking ligaments— arr!
You hit like a bitch, you scratch me with your nails for that
You catch an open hand slap like a female like bap
In fact, I'll have the crowd smackin' you themselves
Where's D12? I don't feel like doing this by myself, come on!

[Chorus]
So, what the deal ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches
I said, so what the deal, ridaz?
Would you excuse me while I feel my nuts?
My balls are feeling a mighty big now
I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches

[Outro]
Yeah, what the deal?
I'm feeling hard as hell right now, homie
I almost feel
Invincible and shit
Ayy, Dre
You got me feelin' like
I can't be touched right now, fool, haha!
I'm unstoppable, damn

[Intro: Puff Daddy]
Hello?
Aw shit, nigga! The fuck time is it, man?
Oh, God damn
Nigga, do you know what time it is?
Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on?
You aight?
Ah, nigga, what the fuck is wrong with you?

[Verse: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to hell
'Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell (What you talkin' 'bout, man?)
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven with the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Timbs and black hoodies (Aw, man)
God'll probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin' my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies, loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice (You talkin' some crazy shit now, nigga)
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse (Ah)
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wish she got a fuckin' abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger (Yo, get a hold of yourself, nigga)
Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
I wonder; if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies (You're buggin', B)
My baby mother's eight months, her little sister's two
Who's to blame for both of them? (Nah, nigga, not you)
I swear to God I want to just slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit (Nigga, what the fuck?)
And squeeze until the bed's completely red (It's too late for this shit, man)
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddha head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't— I can't believe (Ayo, I'm on my way over there, man)
Suicide's on my fuckin' mind, I wanna leave
I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
But nah, you wouldn't understand
Nigga, talk to me please, man!
You see, it's kinda like the crack did to Pookie in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back (Ayo, ayo, man, I'm out)
Should I die on the train track like Ramo in Beat Street? (I'ma call you when I get in the car)
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me (Ayo, where your girl at, man?)
My baby mama kiss me, but she glad I'm gone (Yo, put your girl on the phone, nigga!)
She know me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I reach my peak, I can't speak (Ayo, you listenin' to me, motherfucker?)
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak (Ayo, c'mon, nigga)
I'm sick of niggas lyin' (Cut that), I'm sick of bitches hawkin' (Ayo)
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' (Nigga, yo, yo, Big! Ayo, chill!)
*Gunshot*
Ayo, Big! Ayo, Big!

[Outro]
Please hang up and try your call again
Please hang up— Is a recording

[Intro: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ tags]
Yeah
This go out to Hollygrove!
Okay
Gangsta Gri-Zillz!

[Bridge: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, & DJ tags]
Now, put lil' Mack on the map if he walk it off (Shout-out the East Bank! Shout-out the West Bank!)
Now, put lil' Spitta on the map if he walk it off (This how it supposed to sound)
Now, put lil' Po on the map if he walk it off
Say, put lil' Fee on the map if he walk it off (Gangsta! Ill!)
Say, put E.I. on the map if he walk it off
'Kay, put lil' Drew on the map if he walk it off (Taz, what up?)
Say, put lil' Marc on the map if he walk it off
I'm a— (Gangsta!), I'm a— (Gangsta Grillz, you bastards!)

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
Bitch, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front
Ho, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
You might see me in a Bentley painted royal blue
With the white interior on a set of twenty-twos

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I'm a jalape-nuh, boy, hot as Cayenne pepper
I'm from New Orleans City, but I take her to wherever
I'm tougher than leather, I'm smoother than suede
Always never broke, ‘cause I'm usually paid
Got the Rover with the cage—kinda brown, off-beige
Everybody look at me, like I'm riding on stage
Got a woman named Sage—she twice my age
Every time she hit me up, she send a picture with a page
I ain't tryna fall in love, I ain't tryna get engaged
You can meet me at the alter when a nigga really dead
Every time I'm tryna leave, she beggin’ me to stay
And I politely fade away, like my name was MJ
Then, she wrote me a note—guess what that note says?
"Wayne, I hope you still like me, but I go both ways"
And then, I said, "Oh"; then I said, "Okay"
Stabbed 'em up and got the fuck, like my name was OJ
If you lookin’ for some money, bitch, my name is "No Way"
Not tomorrow, not today, not yesterday
I'm Mr. President, as they say
And that Phantom fits me, like it’s tailor-made
I can take them to war, nigga—bombs away
I been in the water, fucking on the marmalades
If you lookin’ for some money, bitch, my name is "No Way"
Not tomorrow, not today, not yesterday

[Hook: Lil Wayne & DJ tags]
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
Bitch, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front
Ho, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
You might see me in a Bentley painted royal blue
With the white interior, on a set of twenty-twos (Gangsta Gri-Zillz!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Last week, I met a bitch, but I forgot her name
Short, sweet, red, cute—ol' vivrant thing
She got a earring in her pussy and everywhere else
She said she jog every day so she could cum on herself
Then, she tell me my love is the best she's felt
And she suck my dick like it’s about to melt
She drink Vitamin Water—say it’s good for her health
She can wrap my whole dick around her waist, like a belt
Then, here’s another bitch—her name was Ayesha
She ride that dick good and make a mean cheese pizza
One time, it was so good, I told her, "Order one more"
She said, "It’s not Domino's—it's DiGiornos"
There’s another bitch—I met her at The Gong Show
Got her to the crib and turned it straight into a thong show
She do my dishes, wash my clothes, and fix my cornrows
She do my dishes, wash my clothes, and fix my cornrows
I can't forget about my bitch named Meaty Boo
She’s a young project bitch—I used to bring that ho to school
So, I brought the ho to the school; we standing on the yard
A bitch asked me—was I from the 17th Ward?
Niggas came out the cut and started muggin’ me up
I grabbed the clip out my pocket and made them cowards duck
Then, I told my old lady, "I’ll be back, you see
And hit me on my cell phone if niggas lookin’ for me"

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
'Cause I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
Bitch, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front
Ho, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
You might see me in a Bentley painted royal blue
With the white interior, on a set of twenty-twos

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Now, shake, slide ride, twerk, jerk, giddy-up
Jump, bounce on the dick, and get the fuck— get the fuck— yeah!
Shake, slide, ride, twerk, jerk, giddy-up
Jump, bounce on the dick, and get the fuck— get the fuck—
My name is Lil Weezy; they say I'm off the heezy
And I tell a dog ho, "Don't— Don't you be greedy"
My name is Lil Weezy; they say I'm off the heezy
And I tell a dog ho, "Don't— Don’t you be greedy
Don’t— Don't you be greedy— don’t— don't you be greedy, bitch
Don't you be greedy— don’t— don't you be greedy"
‘Cause it'll "rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat" on them dog hoes
It'll "rat-tat-tat-tat-tat-tat" on them dog hoes
Them hoes, they mad (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Them hoes, they mad
Now, put Lil Wayne on the map, 'cause he walk it off
Ha, ha, ha, ha

[Hook: Lil Wayne & DJ tags]
Bitch, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to stunt
Bitch, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't tryin' to front (Gangsta!)
Ho, I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
I'm a good-lookin' rapper, I ain't lyin' to you
You might see me in a Bentley painted royal blue
With the white interior, on a set of twenty-twos, yeah

[Break: Lil Wayne]
"Dedication 2," yeah
Straight from "Tha Carter II," yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
So much money off "Tha Carter II," yeah
So much money off "Tha Carter I," yeah
So much money, ‘cause I'm Birdman son, yeah
Don't hate, don't hate
Don't hate, haha, ha
I'm a good-lookin’ rapper, I ain't tryin’ to stunt

[Outro: DJ Drama]
This just the warm-up!
DJ Drama, Gangsta Grillz album
Watch what I do
Streets gon' be so proud, they might name one after me

[Produced by Deezle & Kanye West]

[Intro]
Yeah, I see you big bro
I'mma kill these niggas man, yeah

[Verse 1]
Straight off the block with it (Block with it)
Eagle Street to be specific (Be specific)
I'm peeping at you people different
I pay my dues, you keep the difference (Keep the difference)
I can see the end in the beginning
So I'm not racing, I'm just sprinting
'Cause I don't wanna finish (Wanna finish)
They diminish, I replenish
Scientific, I'm out this world, ho
I wear bright red, like a girl toe
No homo, fingernails dirty
I've been counting dirty money since twelve thirty (Twelve thirty)
AM, weigh them, if they short, take them
Right back and spray him, amen
Yeah, I just do my Wayne
And every time I do it, I do my thing
Yeah, believe that, like a true story
Rims big, make the car look like it's two stories
If I hop out, that'd be suicide
No back seats, call that paralyze
I don't have a spine, I don't fantasize
I mastermind, then go after mine
You see I handle mine, I dismantle mine
I tote a tool box, bitch, it's hammer time
So excuse me as I nail 'em to something
I'm just repel 'em, I'mma kill 'em
Someone tell 'em, I'mma kill 'em
I'm gon' fill 'em up, his momma can't tell 'em
And the doctors can't heal 'em
I'mma kill 'em and yeah we sell 'em
I know you smell 'em
And if you want it, you could just yell it
And it be in the morning, at your 'telly
Whole ki go for twenty, half a ki go for eleven
After me there will be nothing
I Am Legend, and I Will Smith
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch

[Chorus]
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom B-Boom B-Boom
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it go
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, now say

[Verse 2]
Heh, c’mon
Just a snare and a 808
Weezy Baby on the mic, D.O.A
OK, I'd like to thank Kanye
And my nigga Deezle
From giving me this Diesel
Like an F-350
Tank never empty
Damn everybody in the bank act friendly
Used to think my shit didn't stink, boy was I wrong
Approving million dollar deals from my iPhone
I'mma take it one-two-way back
Like a silk wife beater and a wave cap
Or the wave pool
At Blue Bayou
And I waved, fool
As I blew by you
Hello, hi you
I can buy you
But I wouldn't try you
Feed you to Piru
I know what I'm doing
I show and prove
And show improvement
And I know just to go into it
Could never amount to going through it
Whatever or how you wanna do it
We can do it like we late
Ay, wait
Deezle, let me just get the 808
As I hit the kill switch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch

[Chorus]
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
And the beat go
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it go
Boom B-Boom-Boom, the beat go
Boom B-Boom-Boom, now everybody say, yeah

[Bridge]
That I am the best rapper alive
I am the best rapper alive
And I will eat you alive
Think I'm lyin'?

[Verse 3]
Damn
I'mma get in a nigga chest like a bunch of phlegm
Like a fucking ram
On the hunt for the lamb
I'mma dump 'em, man
In a dumpster can
You ain't a soldier, ask Uncle Sam
Hair nappy like Pam
Nigga fuck your plan
Fuck your man
You ain't a pimp unless you get the same bitch
To fuck your man
And fuck your clan
And all my bitches know that's my plan
Oh god damn
There's my sam–ple
Play it like that's my band
Gotta get it cleared
Suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear
And I got a lot of tattoos, and I meant every tear
And I'm still on that street shit
Back to the beat, bitch

[Chorus]
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now what's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, they say
And the beat go
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it go
Boom B-Boom-Boom, the beat go
Boom B-Boom-Boom, now everybody say, yeah
And the beat go
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, it go
Boom B-Boom-Boom, the beat go
Boom B-Boom B-Boom, they say

[Verse 1: André 3000]
Caroline (Caroline), see, Caroline
All the guys would say she's mighty fine (mighty fine)
But mighty fine only got you somewhere half the time
And the other half either got you
Cussed out or coming up short
Yeah, now dig this, now even though (even though)
You'd need a golden calculator to divide (to divide)
The time it took to look inside and realize
That real guys go for real down to Mars girls, haha, yeah

[Chorus: André 3000]
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh

[Verse 2: André 3000]
Caroline, (Caroline), see
She's the reason for the word 'bitch' (bitch)
I hope she's speedin' on the way to the club
Tryna hurry up to get to a baller or singer or somebody like that
And try to put on her make up in the mirror and crash, crash
Crash into a ditch (Just playin')
She needs a golden calculator to divide (to divide)
The time it takes to look inside and realize
That real guys go for real down to Mars girls, yeah

[Chorus: André 3000]
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh

[Verse 3: Big Boi]
Well, she's got a hottie's body but her attitude is potty
When I met her at a party, she was hardly acting naughty
I said, "Shorty, would you call me?"
She said, "Pardon me, are you balling?"
I said "Darling, you sound like a prostitute pausing"
Oh, so you're one them freaks
Get geeked at the sight of an ATM receipt
But game been peeped, droppin' names, she's weak
Trickin' off this bitch is lost, must take me for a geek
A quick way to eat, a neat place to sleep
A rent-a-car for a week, a trick for a treat
No go on the raw sex, my AIDS test is flawless
Regardless, we don't want to get involved with all them lawyers
And judges just to hold grudges in a courtroom
I wanna see your support bra, not support you
(Not support you, not support you)

[Chorus: André 3000]
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, I
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
I know you'd like to think your shit don't stank, but
Lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh
Yeah, roses really smell like poo-poo-ooh

[Bridge: André 3000]
Better come back down to Mars
Girl, quit chasing cars
What happens when the dough gets low
Bitch, you ain't that fine, no way, no way, no way
Better come back down to Mars
Girl, quit chasing cars
What happens when the dough gets low
Bitch, you ain't that fine, no way, no way, no way

[Outro: Big Boi]
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
(Bitch) Crazy bitch
(Stupid-ass bitch) Crazy bitch
(Old punk-ass bitch) Crazy bitch
(Old dumb-ass bitch) Crazy bitch
(A bitch's bitch) Crazy bitch
(Just a bitch) Crazy bitch
(Stupid-ass bitch) Crazy bitch
(Old punk-ass bitch) Crazy bitch
(Old dumb-ass bitch) Crazy bitch
(A bitch's bitch) Crazy bitch
(Just a bitch)

[Intro]
Today, nobody cares
But tomorrow, they will, they will
Today, nobody cares
But, oh tomorrow, they will, they will

[Hook]
They said my future was dark, see me now
Just look around, I'm beaming
(We are)
They used to talk, when I wasn't around
(Lasers)
You see me now
(We're not)
I'm beaming
(Losers)

[Verse 1]
I get my energy from my inner G
I be in outer space but I got inner peace
So tell my enemies that they can't injure me
I know that irritates, you have my sympathies
Well you should protest, yeah you should picket me
I'm on a losing strike, I'm on a winning streak
I'm out in left field, I'm speaking mentally
But that's a better place than where the benches be
I'm feeling really good, me and my different beat
Me and my different drummer; he play the timpanis
See that's what got me here, you hearing me
Me on my "black man in the future" shit, call me Billy Dee
See I'm just forward looking, that's how I really see
See while you Valentines, I'm thinking Christmas trees
And that's how this would be, even at Micky D's
Semi-colon, closed parentheses

[Hook]
They said my future was dark, see me now
Just look around, I'm beaming
They used to talk, when I wasn't around
You see me now, I'm beaming

[Verse 2]
Do you remember me, the guy from verse one
Failure's my last name, Never's my first one
You see I hood a lot, and yeah I nerd some
Hood's where the heart is, nerd's where the words from
Don't represent either because I merged them
It's kids who wanna leave, and I encourage them
Go out and see the world, never return from
Yeah you don't come back unless you learned some
And baby girl what does it matter where your purse from
Your hair done, your nails did, your ass fat, but you're dumb
Mix Melissa Ford with Maya Angelou
Become a top model and Sojourner too
I try to follow this, what Muhammad do
It's such an old soul, inside this sonic youth
It's why I'm Ferrari'd up, and I'm conscious too
I don't prophesize, I promise you

[Hook]
They said my future was dark, see me now
Just look around, I'm beaming
They used to talk, when I wasn't around
(Lasers)
You see me now, I'm beaming

[Verse 3]
Yeah it's me again, the guy from verse two
Well this the last one, it's almost curfew
It's almost night out, so turn ya lights on
Where all my 760s with ya brights on
Yeah they are the ones to keep your eyes on
Like how we used to do to keep the house warm
Now those the type of eyes I not cry from
You see the tears of fire run out my crying songs
Now the world shoulders is what I'm crying on
The world's fast lane is what I'm driving on
What am I driving at, I'm trying to drive it home
I'm in the drivers seat, but you can ride along
It's never cyclops, it's never I alone
I'm telling your story wherever I perform
Now if they looking for me, you tell 'em I've gone
Out in the bright lights, right where I belong

[Hook]
They said my future was dark, see me now
Just look around, I'm beaming
They used to talk, when I wasn't around
You see me now, I'm beaming

[Chorus: Ludacris]
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Oh no! The fight's out
I'm 'bout to punch your lights out
Get the fuck back, guard your grill
There's something wrong, we can't stay still
I've been dranking and busting too
And I been thanking of busting you
Upside your motherfuckin' forehead
And if your friends jump in (Aw, girl!), they'll be mo' dead
Causing confusion, Disturbin' Tha Peace
It's not an illusion, we runnin' the streets
So, bye-bye to all you groupies and gold diggers
Is there a bumper on your ass? (No, nigga!)
I'm doing a hundred on the highway
So, if you do the speed limit, get the fuck out of my way!
I'm D.U.I., hardly ever caught sober
And you about to get ran the fuck over

[Chorus: Ludacris & Mystikal]
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way (Watch out, watch out)
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way (Watch out, bitch!)
Move, bitch! Get out the way (Watch out, watch out)
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way (Watch out, bitch!)
Move, bitch! Get out the way (Watch out, watch out)
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way (Watch out, chii! Roow!)

[Verse 2: Mystikal]
Here I come, here I go
Uh oh, don't jump bitch: move!
You see them headlights? You hear that fuckin' crowd?
Start that goddamn show, I'm comin' through
Hit the stage and knock the curtains down
I fuck the crowd up — that's what I do
Young and successful — a sex symbol
Now bitches want me to fuck 'em — true, true
Hold up, wait up, shorty
Oh what's up, getting my dick sucked, what are you doing?
Besides minding my fuckin' business
Trying to get my paper, child support suing
Give me that truck and take that rental back
Who bought these fucking TV's and the jewelry bitch, tell me that
No, I ain't bitter, I don't give a fuck
But I'ma tell you like this bitch
You better not walk in front of my tour bus

[Chorus: Ludacris & I-20]
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way (40!)
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way (Dia)
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way

[Verse 3: I-20]
2-0, I'm on the right track
Beef, got the right mack
Hit the trunk, grab the pump, punk I'll be right back
We buying bars out, showing scars out
We heard there's hoes out, so we brought the cars out
Grab the pills 'cause we popping tonight
Beat the shit outta of security for stopping the fight
I got a fifth of the Remy, fuck the Belve and Cris
I'm selling shit up in the club like I work in that bitch
Fuck the dress codes, it's street clothes, we all street niggas
We on the dance floor, throwing bows, beating up niggas
I'm from the Dec', try to disrespect D.T.P.
And watch the bottles start flying from the V.I.P.
Fuck this rap shit, we clap bitch, two in ya body
Grab ya four, start a fight dog, ruin the party
So move bitch, get out the way ho
All you faggot motherfuckers make way for 2-0

[Chorus: Ludacris]
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way
Move, bitch! Get out the way
Get out the way, bitch, get out the way

[Instrumental Outro]

[Intro]
Gucci (Gucci)
What's up, Corey?
Back in the trap
Heavy, real heavy, it's so heavy
Heavy, real heavy
Gucci
Gucci (Gucci, Gucci)
(Go!)

[Chorus]
Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy (Yeah)
Somebody help me, my neck hurt, my chain heavy (Brr, brr, brr)
Heavy, dough heavy, flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash, it's so heavy (Gucci)
Lessen, I can't let it, I go get it
My ego gettin' too big, it's too heavy (Ow, ow)
My head gettin' too big, it's so heavy (Ow, ow)
Somebody help me to tote this cash, it's too heavy
Heavy

[Verse 1]
My bitch say every time she look up, I'm about to do a cook-up
I told her if she know like I know, she would shut the fuck up (Fuck)
Introduced Cola to soda and I said, "Y'all need to hook up" (Skrrt)
I pimp that white girl like a motherfuckin' hooker (Skrrt)
I took three hundred out my stash and I went and bought a Phantom (Wow)
I need some toilet paper, I'm the shit in East Atlanta
On a ninety day tour, so my niggas really miss me (Yeah)
I couldn't kick it with 'em, so I took my whole hood with me (Gucci)
And I just got out of jail, yeah, they tried to Michael Vick me (Yeah)
I gave my lawyer half a mill' and told him, "Come and get me" (Yeah)
I'm not with G-Unit, but this drum here cost me fifty (Brr)
This chain another fifty, that's a hundred on you snitches

[Chorus]
Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy (Yeah)
Somebody help me, my neck hurt, my chain heavy (Brr, brr, brr)
Heavy, dough heavy, flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash, it's so heavy (Gucci)
Lessen, I can't let it, I go get it
My ego gettin' too big, it's too heavy (Ow, ow)
My head gettin' too big, it's so heavy (Ow, ow)
Somebody help me to tote this cash, it's too heavy
Heavy

[Verse 2]
I'm so confused, don't have a clue, man, what to do?
Should I rob him or should I serve him? You know the rules
I keep Miami heat, got more straps than a gun show
Run up on the kid, I'll have you mourning like Alonzo
Try me if you want to, I'll send my shooters pronto (Go)
I know you'll die, but hell or heaven, don't know where you're gonna go
Run up on me wrong, try your luck 'cause I don't think so (No)
This four-four that I tote'll leave a hole size of a pothole (Wow)
Yeah, I got amigo, but they don't bring me taco
Only bring me kilos, but keep that on the D-low
I'm gettin' my tip fade cut, Bouldercrest and Flat Shoals
Wish a nigga would run up on me like I'm Brisco

[Chorus]
Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy (Yeah)
Somebody help me, my neck hurt, my chain heavy (Brr, brr, brr)
Heavy, dough heavy, flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash, it's so heavy (Gucci)
Lessen, I can't let it, I go get it
My ego gettin' too big, it's too heavy (Ow, ow)
My head gettin' too big, it's so heavy (Ow, ow)
Somebody help me to tote this cash, it's too heavy
Heavy

[Verse 3]
I went and picked up me a hundred pack and I ain't even finished (Yeah)
I'm rentin' this duplex in the six, I only use the kitchen (Skrrt)
I'm insane with my grind-up post, yeah, I got big bags of smoke (Yeah)
You fuck niggas don't call my phone unless you wanna buy some dope
I got birds like Atlanta zoo, bitch, who are you?
I got goons like a scary movie, yeah, that is true
And I change cars like a rich white girl change shoes
Gotta go, go get this lil' money, lil' cuz wanna deuce (Skrrt)
And I was holdin' number thirty-two, 2002, you know it's true
Bottom of Sun Valley juggin', me and Juice, you know the crew
I got money stacked from last June, and I still ain't spent old bread
If you want, I'll gladly pour some change on ya own head (Yeah)

[Chorus]
Heavy, real heavy, it feels heavy (Yeah)
Somebody help me, my neck hurt, my chain heavy (Brr, brr, brr)
Heavy, dough heavy, flow heavy
Gucci bag full of cash, it's so heavy (Gucci)
Lessen, I can't let it, I go get it
My ego gettin' too big, it's too heavy (Ow, ow)
My head gettin' too big, it's so heavy (Ow, ow)
Somebody help me to tote this cash, it's too heavy (Yeah)
Heavy

[Chorus: Hayley Williams]
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now

[Post-Chorus: B.o.B]
Dreaming… of falling
Dreaming… of falling

[Verse 1: B.o.B]
Yeah, let's pretend like it's '98
Like I'm eatin' lunch off of Styrofoam trays
Tryin' to be the next rapper comin' out the A (A-Town)
Hopin' for a record deal to ignore my pain
Yeah, now let's pretend like I'm on the stage
And when my beat drops everybody goes insane
Okay, and everybody know my name (Bob)
And everywhere I go people wanna hear me sang
Oh yeah, and I just dropped my new album
On the first week I did 500 thousand
Gold in the spring, and diamond in the fall
And then a world tour just to top it all off
And let's pretend like they call me the greatest
Sellin' out arenas with big-ass stages
And everybody loved me and no one ever hated
Let's try to use imagination

[Chorus: Hayley Williams]
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now

[Verse 2: B.o.B]
Okay, let's pretend like this never happened (Never)
Like I never had dreams of bein' a rapper (Rapper)
Like I didn't write raps up in all of my classes (Classes)
Like I never used to run away into the blackness (Yeah)
Now, let's pretend like it was all good (Good)
Like I didn't live starin' in the notebook (Notebook)
Like I did the things that I probably knew I should (Should)
But I ain't have neighbors, that's why they call it hood (hood)
Yeah, now let's pretend like I ain't got a name (No)
Before they ever called me B.o.B or a.k.a. Bobby Ray
I'm talkin' back before the mixtapes (Cloud 9)
Before the videos and the deals and the fame (Yeah)
Before they ever once compared me to André (Three stacks)
Before I ever got on MySpace (Yeah)
Before they ever noticed my face (Yeah)
So let's just pretend and make wishes outta airplanes

[Chorus: Hayley Williams]
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now

[Bridge: B.o.B. & Eminem]
And it seems like yesterday it was just a dream
But those days are gone
They're just memories
And it seems like yesterday it was just a dream
But those days are gone
All right…

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Let's pretend Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen
Let's pretend things woulda been no different
Pretend he procrastinated, had no motivation
Pretend he just made excuses that were so paper thin
They could blow away with the wind
"Marshall, you're never gonna make it
Makes no sense to play the game
There ain't no way that you'll win."
Pretend he just stayed outside all day and played with his friends
Pretend he even had a friend to say was his friend
And it wasn't time to move and schools weren't changin' again
He wasn't socially awkward and just strange as a kid
He had a father and his mother wasn't crazy as shit
And he never dreamed he could rip stadiums and just lazy as shit
"Fuck a talent show in the gymnasium, bitch!"
"You won't amount to shit—quit daydreamin', kid!"
"You need to get your cranium checked."
"You're thinking like an alien, it just ain't realistic."
Now pretend they ain't just make him angry with this shit
And there was no one he could even aim when he's pissed at
And his alarm went off to wake him, but he didn't make it
To the Rap Olympics, slept through his plane and he missed it
He's gon' have a hard time explaining to Hailie and Lainey
These food stamps and this WIC shit
‘Cause he never risked shit, he hoped and he wished it
But it didn't fall in his lap, so he ain't even here, he pretends that—

[Chorus: Hayley Williams]
Airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now
Can we pretend that airplanes
In the night sky are like shooting stars?
I could really use a wish right now
Wish right now, wish right now

[Intro: Gucci Mane & Keyshia Cole]
What's happenin'? It's Gucci
Hey Keyshia, you feelin' this girl, man but...
She ain't right, you know what I'm saying? (Fatboi, Fatboi!)
Take one, take one, Gucci! (Ohh, whoa!)
I can do bad by myself, you know what I mean? (Whoa, whoa!)
For real (Okay, okay) (Aye!)
Action, action (Doin' it) (Oh)
Gucci!

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
Rap game paid me, trap game made me (Gucci)
We used to be good friends now she can't stand me (What?)
Her man ain't G, her man ain't me (What? What?)
Her man can't be what her man can't be (No, no, no!)
My jewelry game fridgy- white watch blizzard (Burr! Burr!)
Crocodile lizard, pinky ring ignorant; (Burr! Burr!)
I'm careful who I step to when I step too (Huh!)
And if I choose first she choose me then she special (Huh!)
Long walks all night dawg I can help her (Help her!)
Bless her, show her how to be successful (Well Damn!)
Kiss her, Gucci hustler, a finesser (Huh!)
Sudden valley cook up second of the extra (Skurr!)
Stack up loud pack make her catch a contact (Huh!)
Dumb sets long stacks, I can make her come back (Gucci!)

[Hook: Keyshia Cole]
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (I can do bad, baby)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (Don't need nobody to help me do bad)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (I can do bad all by my)
I can do bad!

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane & Keyshia Cole]
I'm a bad boy but still there's so much good in me (Yeah!)
You can take me out the hood the hood is still in me (Yeah!)
I need a girl to feel herself but can still feel me (Oh)
Just let me be your only choice no need for plan B! (Mm!)
My love life is malnutritions you my Vitamin C
Stay down like Hillary and I can be your Billy
I'll buy you Jada pinky pinkies I'm the biggest willy (Burr!)
Just when I give it throw it back just like we playing frisbee (Burr! Gucci!)
I can do it by myself but I'd be very lonely (Huh!)
Be the diva who's my lover and my closest homie (Yeah!)
So if you sick and tired of being sick and tired call me (Gucci!)
Pick up the yellow pages and look up Gucci! (Gucci!/Burr!) (I can do!)

[Hook: Keyshia Cole]
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (I don't need your help)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (Oh! Oh no, baby!)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (Can you hear me?)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself

[Bridge: Keyshia Cole]
Ain't no need in arguing about it
If you wanna leave then just be 'bout it
There's no sense in blaming me and me blaming you
There's no reason to be untrue
Everything I got to work hard for
Everyday I work hard to make more
I can do bad all by myself
I ain't trying play love games cause I can do bad baby

[Hook: Keyshia Cole]
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (All alone)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (Don't need no one! Can you hear me?)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (Oh, whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I can do!)
I can do bad, bad, bad, bad, bad all by myself (Can you hear me?)

[Outro: Keyshia Cole]
But I ain't going, bad! Oh!
Aye-yeah! Can you hear me?

[Verse 1: Gucci Mane]
I'm on my way to see my P.O
I ain't talking about probation officer
Talking about my P.O. box, they just sent me 3 million dollars
(What the fuck that mean nigga?)
All my hoes go to the beauty parlor
Bought my ma a house today
I'll buy my auntie one tomorrow
I just left the Phantom lot
I didn't do no paper work
300K, my paper work just like the New Boys "I'm a jerk "
You bring your girl your feelings hurt
Cause like R. Kelly "I'm a Flirt"
I got work like babe and them, a Geto Boy like 'Face and them
It ain't no mistaking him
Hottest boys out Drake and him
Me, Juiceman and Waka and them
Ride around with choppers, pimp
So how the hell you chop or flip you water bluffing water whimp
Theres no limit to Gucci money just ask Silkk the Shock & them

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Burglar bars around the door (word)
My country boys they want some more (birds)
Early in the morning
Later in the evening
I'm all about that money man even when I'm sleeping
I'm all about that money
Don't make me send my goons to gunning
I'm all about that money
Don't make me send my goons to gunning

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
All about my money, nigga, run with my monopoly
Money; my philosophy, cocaine on my property
Yeah, that bitch a stripper, but there's so much she can offer me
Gave me the connect, he send me 7 and say it's all for me
Money build my confidence
Shorty, show your competence
Before I get another bitch, cause I be on some other shit
Higher than a mothership
Louis in my seven-tre
Gucci in my other shit
Gucci, pass the other clip
Thirty rounds, them I'mma dip
I can make a Hummer flip
I can make a hundred flip-
That's one Bahamas trip
Make your mama strip
I'm bout that dead pres'
So for the bread I make you play a game of Simon Says

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Burglar bars around the door (word)
My country boys they want some more (birds)
Early in the morning
Later in the evening
I'm all about that money man even when I'm sleeping
I'm all about that money
Don't make me send my goons to gunning
I'm all about that money
Don't make me send my goons to gunning

[Verse 3: Gucci Mane & Rick Ross]
Like Batman and Robin we be flogging mobbing inside Aston Martins
Beg your pardon Gucci darling
More check than a check-o-slovin
Whats your motherfucking problem?
Ross and Gucci I'ma rob em
How you gonna rob the robbers?
These home boys got too much armor
We got so much jewelry on
We just make your vision dizzy
Give your ass a charm and watch it make your fingers pissing
Damnit boy I'm spilling Chrissy Ye
Yellow bitches blowing kisses Ricky Ross about them digits
On the stage or in the kitchen

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
Burglar bars around the door (word)
My country boys they want some more (birds)
Early in the morning
Later in the evening
I'm all about that money man even when I'm sleeping
I'm all about that money
Don't make me send my goons to gunning
I'm all about that money
Don't make me send my goons to gunning

[Pre-Chorus: Bobby V]
I wanna do you at yo momma house, on the couch
Do you in the bathroom of the airplane
Do you on a balcony, in the taxi
Cause I can’t get enough of that thing

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
(Yo, yo)
Let's do up in Disney at the Magic Kingdom
You can tug on my Giuseppes and my Bagley Mischkas
I'm a ba ba ba, I'm a bag of fun
I'm a pro with them balls like And 1
Now lets go, Mexico that's where we next to go
Do him like his momma, make him eat his vegetables
Could call me a stage mom, boy you best to blow
Or you could even call me Wanda cause I'm "ret ta go"
You know I'm spoiled little daddy, stomps the floor
We could do it on Fifth Ave in the Department store
We could do it in Tokyo, we do it in Taiwan
All my Harajuku girls say I am they icon

[Pre-Chorus: Bobby V]
I wanna do you at yo momma house, on the couch
Do you in the bathroom of the airplane
Do you on a balcony, in the taxi
Cause I can’t get enough of that thing, girl

[Chorus: Bobby V]
Say we could do it anywhere (Crazy places)
I wanna freak you anywhere (Crazy)
We could do it anywhere (Crazy places)
I wanna freak you anywhere (Crazy)

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
Don't compare me to your ex-man, baby, he a local Joker
I'll take you to Six Flags and drill you on the roller coaster
Call your girlfriends over, we can have a sleepover
Buy your ass a Jeep so I can fuck you in your Range Rover
Pictures in the nude, on the cruise, we gonna make the news
Sex great, sex tape, ready for a YouTube
Damn, it turn me on, we do it in your momma home
Father long gone, but Gucci be your daddy, baby
I can fly you anywhere, we can sex in crazy places
Airports, train stations, going up the escalator
At the Dome, on the 50, I'mma throw it, you da center
When you hike it, I'mma spike it
Girl, don't act like you don't like it

[Pre-Chorus: Bobby V]
I wanna do you at yo momma house, on the couch
Do you in the bathroom of the airplane
Do you on a balcony, in the taxi
Cause I can’t get enough of that thing, girl

[Chorus: Bobby V]
Say we could do it anywhere (Crazy places)
I wanna freak you anywhere (Crazy)
We could do it anywhere (Crazy places)
I wanna freak you anywhere (Crazy)

[Verse 3: Trina]
How bad you wanna do me on a scale of one to ten?
You like the way I bend, now you asking where I've been
If I'm doing him, now you starting that again?
I don't wanna sex your friend, he don't got enough to lend
Plus he was doing Lynn and she ain't nothing like amazing
Her stuff run deep and he don't have a occupation
I'm known across the nation, Trina's that chick
Bow-legs, red bone, long hair, real thick
Do me at my mama house? Nah, I don't think so
I got too much class, but you can try San Pedro
I need the biggest mansion, ocean backyard
With the newest Maybach and inside a black card

[Verse 4: Bobby V]
Tonight, I'll touch you in ya favorite spot (oh yeah)
Promise to get ya body so hot (we could do it anywhere)
So baby, don't be scared, if they see us baby I don't care
We could do it in the Gucci store
Close down the mall girl you just don't know
In front of the police, in front of yo daddy, girl it's you and me
And I don't give a damn that's why they call me Bobby V

[Pre-Chorus: Bobby V]
I wanna do you at yo momma house, on the couch
Do you in the bathroom on the airplane
Do you on a balcony, in the taxi
Cause I can’t get enough of that thing, girl

[Chorus: Bobby V]
Say we could do it anywhere (Crazy places)
I wanna freak you anywhere (Crazy)
We could do it anywhere (Crazy places)
I wanna freak you anywhere (Crazy)

[Verse 1 - Gucci Mane]
I'm jumping out my coupe with the missing roof
And I'm so fucking high I need a parachute
"Gucci Mane, do you remember me from last month?"
"Girl, I can't remember nothing but my last blunt"
Bling blau diamond necklaces for every chain
Bitch I'm Gucci so I put rims on 'bout everything
I used to care about money nowadays I don't
So if I like her enough I'll buy her everythang she want
I got that 3-5-7 so don't try your luck
Bullets have yo body hot you'll need a fire truck
So re-up with us, got white girl yeah that Anna Mae
Today I'm shitting on rappers so I called up Jazze Pha

[Hook]
I'm not a boy so I can not be your boyfriend but
If you want me to then I can be your Gucci Mane
And if you're man can't beat it up then I bet Gucci can
Just ask your lady and I bet that she's a Gucci fan
Bought all my hoes Gucci, most all my clothes Gucci
This ain't no Coogi you still can't move me
And this is the soundtrack of the Gucci Mane movie
The Gucci Mane movie, the Gucci Mane movie

[Verse 2 - Gucci Mane]
Lambo engine in the rear and I'm switching gears
Y'all suckers can't fuck wit this young nigga here
Diamonds on my neck colder than a case of beer
So when I fall off in the club all the bitches cheer
M6 convertible my top can disappear
Just bought a house in Cali pool parties all through the year
Temp fade stupid waves I don't wear a beard
They say that Gucci stay fresh but that nigga weird
I shop at Fifth Plaza, lil buddy he shop at Sears
Diamonds solitaire so big it damn near broke my ears
Girl you riding wit La Flare so what you got to fear?
2010 no more Rolls-Royces so I'm just coppin Lears

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Gucci Mane]
Jazze Pha, Gucci no they didn't expect this
It ain't no secret run up on me you'll regret it
I'm like a ball player focused on my next hit
And I hit homeruns I don't know how to bunt, bitch
And this that Cali kush you need to pass the blunt, bitch
I'm sorry that I cuss you baby girl you're gorgeous
Psych you're not gorgeous but your ass is enormous
And if you never call me I'll be rich regardless
Picture perfect flow this verse here is a portrait
I got three mansions but I'm from Sun Valley apartments
Bouldercrest, Flat Shoals and Gresham is where I started
You wanna find me bitch just keeping riding down Moreland

[Hook]

[Hook: Gucci Mane]
Kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong
I know kush is my cologne, Ku-Kush is my cologne
Kush is my cologne, gone on that stupid strong

[Verse 1: Bun B]
Got a swisher filled up with that one hitter quitter, bro
Bubba for your troubles on the double itl'l get you bro
Pass me the D's, light it up with ease
In a cirle full of G’s, smoking on them trees
Pass me a cigar, and i'm-a bust it down quick
Pass me the purple, make sure that ho is round and thick
Break it down, fill it up, roll it up and light it
And you know it’s the bomb, soon as it get ignited
Pimping I can’t even fight it, it's calling me to smoke
So I fire up another square and take another toke
I be damn near goin broke
And my girl say I’m wrong, shit but

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
I'm inhaling it, exhaling it, it makes me more intelligent
I feel like I’m still mailing it or selling it, they smelling it
Kush, purp, strong dro. What I need cologne for?
They tried to send me to rehab but I said
"No, no I won't go"
Damn it's really loud, smelling like a whole pound
Kush cologne, haze is her perfume
Bubba kush for breakfast, with my Captain Crunch
I smoke ten blunts before lunch
Know that sounds like that’s too much
I'm so high, I'm so in the sky, everybody know
Marijuana is my fragrance, probably smell it on my clothes
I smoke that bubonic sonic, I've been sipping gin and tonic
You lil' boys is hooked on phonics, Gucci hooked on chronic, Sonny

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

[Verse 3: E-40]
I'm in this booch hella keyed (hella keyed, man, I'm sacked)
Man I've been smoking hella weed (Hella tweed man, and I ain't talking about Twitter, man, I'm talking about tweed)
Lick it twist back down
Probably won't know how I go home
Baby wanna suck my bone
She gotta fuck me jeans on
Fuck me dress on, fuck me jeans on
Fuck me dress on, fuck me jeans on
Anything holling a dane
Tryin' get brain butIdon't know her name
Looking at my chain
Let me explain
Kush, cocaine but I don't make it rain
Gimme the gudda bitch, no extension
Pay me up or pay me no attention
Send a botch, like you send it
Make her upload, all up in it
Retirement plan, Booch you my pension
Hater repellant, my brand new invention
Everything that I say I meant it
Rasied in the Bay where its’ so pimpin’
Raised in the Bay where it’s so pimpin’
Raised in the Bay where the bitches tempting

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

[Verse 4: Devin the Dude]
Kush is my cologne, I got many fragrances
Shit gets so expensive but I hardly have to pay for shit
Every puff is like a squirt, smell it all off in my shirt
Coworkers give me compliments every time I go to work
What kinda cologne you on?
Dro is like my aftershave
Have me feelin and smellin so good yo I don’t have to bathe
But by all means, I must keep my balls clean
Make sure my dicks legit then I go take care the small things
And it all seems worth it
450's kinda steep but I deserve it
Weed smell so loud that you think you heard that purp

[Hook: Gucci Mane]

[Intro]
Listen to this track, bitch

[Chorus]
I’m my best friend, and I’m my worst enemy
And no one else can hurt me unless I let them, is you feeling me?
And misery loves company and I had my share of misery
No mystery, my infamy got me in hip hop history
First 2Pac died, then Biggie died, and that greatly impacted me
Then history repeated itself through me and I made history
(It’s Gucci)
So I don’t turn around no more, I look at whats in front of me
I’m focused on the future 'cause yesterday is history

[Verse 1]
A hard head makes a soft ass
Guess your Ma didn't teach ya that
Pick a spot to beef with me and that spot I will meet you at
Well let me check my schedule
I’m free Tuesday three weeks from now
You bring your crew I bring my crew
Just pick a time and side of town
Zone 6 is my stomping ground
But I guess you know that by now
But everywhere you go you hear me
That's why you're upset right now
Bought a Phantom and a Lamb' but I’m in my 'Vette right now
I raped the game without a rubber, bank accounts are pregnant now
That day they tried to murder me, a day I can’t forget about
And I don't wish no death on homie
Just want him to hear me out
Think about the past and all the many things we talked about
Think of all the people influenced by what comes out our mouth

[Chorus]
I’m my best friend, and I’m my worst enemy
And no one else can hurt me unless I let them, is you feeling me?
And misery loves company and I had my share of misery
No mystery, my infamy got me in hip hop history
First 2Pac died, then Biggie died, and that greatly impacted me
Then history repeated itself through me and I made history
So I don’t turn around no more, I look at whats in front of me
I’m focused on the future 'cause yesterday is history

[Verse 2]
I am not the perfect person
May don’t spit the perfect verses
I wouldn’t hurt a girl on purpose 'cause I feel they don’t deserve it
I admit my words can hurt, I dissed Tiny she didn’t deserve it
Our song didn’t interpret it right and I’m sorry for it
T.I. many times encouraged, told me face the game with courage
Clay gave me some great advice and still today I thankful for it
Me, Jeezy, and T.I share one thing in common: all are poets
Role model to young people tho at times man we still ignore it
And y’all gon owe respect to me and I don’t like apologies
Just diss me 'til you satisfied
I swear it doesn’t bother me
Sticks and stones will break my bones and bullets won't reflect off me
But words and insults only show the world how y'all respectin' me

[Chorus]
I’m my best friend, and I’m my worst enemy
And no one else can hurt me unless I let them, is you feeling me?
And misery loves company and I had my share of misery
No mystery, my infamy got me in hip hop history
First 2Pac died, then Biggie died, and that greatly impacted me
Then history repeated itself through me and I made history
(It’s Gucci)
So I don’t turn around no more, I look at whats in front of me
I’m focused on the future 'cause yesterday is history

[Verse 3]
All my homies ain’t my homies
Half friends no longer want me
I'm still hungry as I was when I did my first live performance
Things I got I know they want it
Things I done, they haven’t done it
Though they say that they my friends
I know that these niggas opponents
We can joke and laugh and party
But I know their smiles are phony
But I still pray that the Lord give 'em all the things they wanted
All the money in the world can’t get the joy I’m felling, homie
Like the third day with a woman like you and not for your money
You can help someone and love someone but still they'll turn and burn you
So I warn you in advance, watch out cause so called friends will con you
Think MJG said it best man will I ever know
Who my friends through thick and thin, cause so called friends will turn to foes

[Chorus]
I’m my best friend, and I’m my worst enemy
And no one else can hurt me unless I let them, is you feeling me?
And misery loves company and I had my share of misery
No mystery, my infamy got me in hip hop history
First 2Pac died, then Biggie died, and that greatly impacted me
Then history repeated itself through me and I made history
(It’s Gucci)
So I don’t turn around no more, I look at whats in front of me
I’m focused on the future 'cause yesterday is history

[Intro: The-Dream]
I wanna see what's under therrrrrrrre...baby

[Verse 1: Drake]
Who's that peekin in my window?
Uh, you should let some more skin show
And if one of these websites get the info
Wii can work it out, no Nintendo
I just hit Alt + Tab
Switchin' in between two convos
I should just call cabs
And bring 'em both here to the condo
Yeah, normally it ain't a question
We would cross paths like an intersection
But she just too far away for affection
So I pray that we never lose a connection
Cause I remember Stacy, she prolly hate me
She used to threaten she had a man to replace me
She talk that shit, I just hit the escape key
And then she get mad and wanna go and erase me
And I remember Amy, she used to AIM me
She stayed up late, and used to blame me
She said I'm too wild, she wanna tame me
I told her even Photoshop couldn't change me
But you-you-you, you got me open girl, why lie?
We ain't even tryna settle, so why try?
End the night with a kiss and a bye bye
No strings attatched, your love is so Wi-Fi

[Verse 2: Jamie Foxx]
I love it, girl
The way you bring your light into this room
Uh, I love it, girl
The way your legs ?light up? when they're in them shoes, ohhh
I love it, girl
The way your lips looks after you apply the gloss
Ah, I love it, girl, girl
You look right in the screen then take it o-off, off

[Hook: Jamie Foxx] (The-Dream)
My digital girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital) girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, GIRL, girl
(She's my digital girl)

[Verse 3: Jamie Foxx]
My homies never see you
But I always got you right here for me
Tucked, in my Louis computer bag
Wherever you are, I could be
I type you a message full of X's and O's
You shoot me a video and then upload
Even though I hate this distance, it keeps me persistent
One day I'll have your ass up in this kitchen

[Hook: Jamie Foxx] (The-Dream)
My digital girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital) girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, GIRL, girl
(She's my digital girl)

[Verse 4: The-Dream] {Kanye West}
Baby, not a day goes byyyy... (Whoaaaaa...) (Eh, shawty)
Without you on my miiiind... (Whoaaaaa...) (Eh, shawty)
Donna Karan underweaaaaar... (Whoooa-HOA..) (Eh shwaty)
(Babe, I swear you have nothing to worry about)
Baby, I wanna see what's under therrrre... {It's easy, look lemme explain..}
(Oh baby, yeah baby!)

[Verse 5: Kanye West]
When you take the picture, cut off your face
And cover up the tattoo by the waist
Let the MC Serch 'til I reach 3rd base
And when I get home I'ma hit home plate
Wait, could this be considered our first date?
"'Ye, the picture just looks so trash"
Your body make a baller spend cooked coke cash
Plus every good girl wanna go bad
In Playboy mags like Stacey Dash
Or Kim Kardashian, be a lady aaaaat, it
You know what's a crazy thing?
Some girls'll make you wait longer than A.C. Green
Passion of the Christ, 33-Year Old Virgin
That's disrespectful baby, don't encourage him
I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican, or Persian
Dashiki, kimono, or turban
They say I dress white, but my swag so urban
Tryin my luck, I hit her with the text say
"Baby you up," Question mark
And she respond, "YES-S-S-I-R"

[Hook: Jamie Foxx] (The-Dream)
My digital girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital) girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, GIRL, girl
(She's my digital girl)

[Outro: Jamie Foxx]
I ain't lyin, no no
I ain't cheatin, no no
I ain't lyin, uh no
I ain't lyin, no no
I ain't lyin, no no
I ain't cheatin, no no
I ain't lyin, no no {fades}

[Intro: DJ Khaled & T-Pain]
DJ Khaled
Hey, yeah
We the best

[Chorus: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win no matter what (What)
Got money on my mind, I can never get enough ('Nough)
And every time I step up in the building
Everybody hands go up
And they stay there (There), and they say yeah (Yeah)
And they stay there, up, down, up, down, up, down
'Cause all I do is win (Win), win (Win), win
And if you going in put your hands in the air, make 'em stay there

[Verse 1: Ludacris]
Yeah, listen, Luda!
Ludacris goin' in on the verse
'Cause I never been defeated and I won't stop now (Woah)
Keep your hands up, get 'em in the sky
For the homies that didn't make it and my folks locked down (Woah)
I never went nowhere (No), but they sayin' "Luda's back" (Yeah)
Blame it on that conjure (Ha), the hood call it Luda 'gnac (Yah)
And I'm on this foolish track, so I spit my foolish flow (Flow)
My hands go up and down (Down), like strippers' booties go (Whoo)
My verses still be servin' (Yup), tight like a million virgins (Yup)
Last time on the Khaled remix, now I'm on the original version (Yah)
Can't never count me out (No), y'all better count me in (Yo)
Got twenty bank accounts, accountants count me in (Whoo)
Make millions every year (Yeah) the South's champion (Yeah)
'Cause all I do, all I, all I, all I, all I do is

[Chorus: T-Pain, Ludacris & Rick Ross]
All I do is win, win (Ay), win no matter what (Whoo)
Got money on my mind, I can never get enough ('Nough)
And every time I step up in the building
Everybody hands go up
And they stay there (There), and they say yeah (Yeah)
And they stay there, up, down, up, down, up, down
'Cause all I do is win (Win), win (Win), win (Who?)
And if you going in (Boss) put your hands in the air (Boss), make 'em stay there

[Verse 2: Rick Ross & DJ Khaled]
Swervin' in my lo-lo
Head on the swivel, you know serving me's a no-no
Clean as a whistle as I pull out in my Rolls Royce
Yellow bone passenger, they see it they say, "Oh boy"
Tell Khaled back it up, my niggas call me loco
Down for armed trafficking, don't make me pull that fo'-fo'
Ask you what you laughing at (What?), represent that mud life (Mud life)
Dirty money bitch you better get yo' mud right (Mud right)
We come together holdin' hands and holla "Thug life" ("Thug Life")
We all strapped in all black, it's like fuck life (Fuck life) (All we do is win)
You riding to what (What) 'cause we riding tonight (Tonight)
Now she riding with me 'cause you wasn't riding her right
Ross!

[Chorus: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win no matter what (What)
Got money on my mind, I can never get enough ('Nough)
And every time I step up in the building
Everybody hands go up
And they stay there (There), and they say yeah (Yeah)
And they stay there, up, down, up, down, up, down
'Cause all I do is win (Win), win (Win), win
And if you going in put your hands in the air, make 'em stay there

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Heat in the kitchen, pot on the stove
Water gettin' boiled, dope being sold
Snoopy in the hoopty, system overload
I been running this rap game since I was 20 years old
I hung with the worst of 'em, bust 'til I burst 'em up
Floss 'em up, toss 'em up, Hardaway, cross 'em up
Pardon me, I'm bossing up, pressure up, bless you bruh
Don't mess with us, we like the U in the 80's
Back to back, set a trap, hit the lick, hit it back
Hit the trick, jump the track, bitch I want my money back
Time and time again while I'm sipping on this gin
Al Davis said it best, "Just win baby, win"

[Chorus: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win no matter what (What)
Got money on my mind, I can never get enough ('Nough)
And every time I step up in the building
Everybody hands go up
And they stay there (There), and they say yeah (Yeah)
And they stay there, up, down, up, down, up, down
'Cause all I do is win (Win), win (Win), win
And if you going in put your hands in the air, make 'em stay there

[Intro]
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down...

[Chorus]
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down
Like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win, but the battle wages on
For toy soldiers

[Verse 1]
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders
I ain't never supposed to show it
My crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe-to-toe with a Benzino
It don't matter, I never drag 'em in battles that I can't handle
'Less I absolutely have to, I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em
If some shit ever does pop off, I'm supposed to be beside 'em
That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross, and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some JAY-Z and Nas shit
And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it
I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it, I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object, for someone to get killed
Why would I wanna destroy somethin' I helped build?
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' ****
And that was just outta respect, for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about somethin' that I knew nothin' about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over TV, down-talkin' the man
Who literally saved my life, like fuck it, I understand
This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business
But still knowin' the shit could pop off at any minute, 'cause—

[Chorus]
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down
Like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win, but the battle wages on
For toy soldiers

[Verse 2]
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and
Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated, 'cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated—it ain't just words no more, is it?
It's a different ballgame, you call names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck it, 50, smash him! Mash on him, let him have it
Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up 'cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'?
Well, fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then!
But I'm so busy bein' pissed off, I don't stop to think
That we've just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
Who's willin' to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
And maybe shout 'em out in a rap or up in a chorus
To show 'em we love 'em back and let 'em know how important
It is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryna have none of my people hurt or murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all 'fore I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willin' to be the bigger man, if y'all can quit poppin'
Off at the jaws, well, then I can, 'cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not gonna let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience
'Cause—

[Chorus]
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left, we all fall down
Like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win, but the battle wages on
For toy soldiers

[Sample (over intro)]
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha

[Intro: T.I.]
Ay... this a special what's happenin' to all my
All my soldiers over there in Iraq
E'rybody right here
What you need to do is be thankful for the life you got, y'knowmsayin?
Stop lookin' at what you ain't got
Start bein' thankful for what you do got
Let's give it to 'em baby girl, hey

[Chorus: Rihanna]
You're gonna be, a shinin' star
In fancy clothes, and fancy cars
And then you'll see, you're gonna go far
Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are
So live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
You steady chasin' that paper
Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
Ain't got no time for no haters
Just live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
No tellin' where it'll take ya
Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
Cause I'm a paper chaser
Just livin' my life (AYY) my life (OHH)
My life (AYY) my life (OHH)
Just livin' my life (AYY) my life (OHH)
My life (AYY) my life (OHH) just livin' my life

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Hey, never mind what haters say, ignore 'em 'til they fade away
Amazing they ungrateful after all the game I gave away
Safe to say I paved the way for you cats to get paid today
You'd still be wastin' days away now had I never saved the day
Consider them my protege, homage I think they should pay
Instead of bein' gracious, they violate in a major way
I never been a hater, still, I love 'em in a crazy way
Some say they sold the yay' you know they couldn't get work on Labor Day
It ain't that black and white, it has an area the shade of gray
I'm Westside anyway, even if I left today and stayed away
Some move away to make a way, not move away cause they afraid
I brought back to the hood, and all you ever did was take away
I pray for patience but they make me wanna melt they face away
Like I once made 'em spray, now I could make 'em put the K's away
Been thuggin' all my life, can't say I don't deserve to take a break
You'd rather see me catch a case and watch my future fade away

[Chorus: Rihanna]
You're gonna be, a shinin' star
In fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars
And then you'll see, you're gonna go far
Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are
So live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
You steady chasin' that paper
Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
Ain't got no time for no haters
Just live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
No tellin' where it'll take ya
Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
Cause I'm a paper chaser
Just livin' my life (AYY) my life (OHH)
My life (AYY) my life (OHH)
Just livin' my life (AYY) my life (OHH)
My life (AYY) my life (OHH) just livin' my life

[Verse 2: T.I.]
I'm the opposite of moderate, immaculately polished with
The spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid
Allergic to the counterfeit, impartial to the politics
Articulate, but still I'll grab a nigga by the collar quick
Whoever havin' problems with their record sales just holler Tip
If that don't work and all else fails then turn around and follow Tip
I got love for the game, but ay I'm not in love with all of it
Could do without the fame, and rappers nowadays are comedy
The hootin' and the hollerin', back and forth with the arguin'
Where you from, who you know, what you make and what kind of car you in
Seems as though you lost sight of what's important when depositin'
Them checks into your bank account, and you up out of poverty
Your values is a disarray, prioritizin' horribly
Unhappy with the riches cause you're piss poor morally
Ignorin' all prior advice and forewarnin'
And we mighty full of ourselves all of a sudden, aren't we?

[Chorus: Rihanna]
You're gonna be, a shinin' star
In fancy clothes, and fancy cars
And then you'll see, you're gonna go far
Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are
So live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
You steady chasin' that paper
Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
Ain't got no time for no haters
Just live your life (AYY! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
No tellin' where it'll take ya
Just live your life (OHH! Ayyy ayyy ayyy)
Cause I'm a paper chaser
Just livin' my life (AYY) my life (OHH)
My life (AYY) my life (OHH)
Just livin' my life (AYY) my life (OHH)
My life (AYY) my life (OHH) just livin' my life

[Bridge: Rihanna]
Got everybody watchin' what I do, come walk in my shoes
And see the way I'm livin' if you really want to
Got my mind on my money
And I'm not goin' awayyyyyyy
So keep on gettin' your paper, and keep on climbin'
Look in the mirror, and keep on shinin' (shinin')
Until the game ends, 'til the clock stop
We gon' post up on the top spot
Livin' the life, the life
In the Windmill City got my whole team with me
The life, my life
I do it how I wanna do
I'm livin' my life, my life
I will never lose
I'm livin' my life, my life
And I'll never stop it

[Sample]
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha

[Outro: Just Blaze]
So live your life

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I’ve got hoes, I’ve got hoes
In different area codes (Area), area codes (Codes)
Hoes! Hoes, hoes, in different area codes (Area)
Area codes (Codes)
Hoes!

[Verse 1: Ludacris & Nate Dogg]
Now you thought I was just 7-7-0, and 4-0-4?
I'm worldwide, bitch, act like y'all don't know
It's the abominable ho man
Globe-trot international post man
Neighbor-dick dope man
7-1-8's, 2-0-2's
I send small cities and states I-O-U's
9-0-1, matter of fact 3-0-5
I'll jump off the G4, we can meet outside
So control your hormones and keep your drawers on
'Til I close the door and I'm jumping your bones
3-1-2's, 3-1-3's (Oh)
2-1-5's, 8-0-tree's (Oh)
Read your horoscope and eat some hors d'oeuvres
10 on pump one; these hoes is self serve
7-5-7, 4-1-0's, my cell phone just overloads

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I’ve got hoes, I’ve got hoes
In different area codes (Area), area codes (Codes)
Hoes! Hoes, hoes, in different area codes (Area)
Area codes (Codes)
I’ve got hoes!

[Verse 2: Ludacris & Nate Dogg]
Now every day is a ho-ly day, so stop the violence and put the 4-4 away
Skeet, shoot a ho today
5-0-4, 9-7-2's
7-1-tree, whatcha gon' do?
You checking out the scene, I'm checking a ho tonight
With perpendicular, vehicular ho-micide
3-1-4, 2-0-1 (Hey)
Too much green, too much fun (Hey)
I bang cock in Bangkok
Can't stop, I turn and hit the same spot, think not
I'm the Thrilla in Manila, schlong in Hong Kong
Pimp 'em like Bishop, Magic, Don Juan
Man after Henny with a coke and a smile
I just pick up the motherfuckin' phone and dial
I got my condoms in a big ass sack
I'm slanging this dick like a New Jack, biatch

[Verse 3: Nate Dogg]
Is it cause they like my gangsta walk?
Is it cause they like my gangsta talk?
Is it cause they like my handsome face?
Is it cause they like my gangsta ways?
Whatever it is, they love it and they just won't let me be
I handles my biz, don't rush me, just relax and let me be free
Whenever I call (I call), come running
2-1-2 or 2-1-3
You know that I ball (I ball), stop fronting
Or I'll call my substitute freak (Hoes)

[Chorus: Nate Dogg]
I’ve got hoes, I’ve got hoes
In different area codes (Area), area codes (Codes)
Hoes! Hoes, hoes, In different area codes (Area)
Area codes (Codes)
I’ve got hoes!

[Outro: Ludacris]
9-1-6, 4-1-5, 7-0-4
Shout out to the 2-0-6
Everybody in the 8-0-8
Ha-ah, 2-1-6, 7-0-2, 4-1-4
3-1-7, 2-1-4's and the 2-8-1's
3-3-4, 2-0-5, I see ya
Uh-uh, 3-1-8, 6-0-1's, 2-0-tree
8-0-4, 4-0-2, 3-0-1
9-0-4, 4-0-7, 8-5-0
7-0-8, 5-0-2
Hoes in different area codes, know that
Southern Hoes-pitality, Northern Exhoes-ure
Ha-ha, ho ridin' on the West coast
Ya understand what I'm saying?
Ho-cus pocus, you the dopest
Hoes to the right, hoes to the left, 5 hoes this time
Whoo! Ho no!
The Hip-hop ho-ller-coaster, that's what we on right now
Ha-ha, no need to get all ho-stile
Def Jam South baby, Disturbing Tha Peace
Jazze Pheezy, Uncle Face
Ludacris, uh, hoes...

[whistling] I'm sweating like a motherf

[Verse 1]
I feel like I wanna smack somebody
Turn around and bitch slap somebody
But I ain't goin' out bro (no, no, no)
I ain't givin' into it (no, no, no)
Anxieties bash my mind in
Terrorizing my soul like Bin Laden
But I ain't fallin' down bro (no, no, no)
I won't lose control bro (no, no, no)
Shackle and chained
My soul feels stained
I can't explain got an itch on my brain
Lately my whole aim is to maintain
And regain control of my mainframe
My bloods boiling its beatin' out propane
My train of thoughts more like a runaway train
I'm in a fast car drivin' in a fast lane
In the rain and I'm might just hydroplane

[Hook]
I don't fear none of my enemies
And I don't fear bullets from Uzi's
I've been dealing with something that's worse than these
That'll make you fall to your knees and that's
The anxiety
The sane and the insane rivalry
Paranoias brought me to my knees
Lord, please, please, please
Take away my anxiety

[Verse 2]
My head keeps running away my brother
The only thing making me stay my brother
But I won't give into it bro (no, no, no)
Gotta get myself back now
God, I can't let my mind be
Tell my enemy is my own
Gots to find my inner wealth
Gots to hold up my thoughts
I can't get caught (no, no, no)
I can't give into it now (no, no, no)
Emotions are trapped set on lock
Got my brain stuck goin through the motions
Only I know what's up
I'm filled up with pain
Tryin' to gain my sanity
Everywhere I turn it's a dead end in front of me
With nowhere to go gotta shake this anxiety
Got me feelin' strange paranoia took over me
And its weighin' me down
And I can't run any longer, yo
Knees to the ground

[Hook]
I don't fear none of my enemies
And I don't fear bullets from Uzi's
I've been dealing with something that's worse than these
That'll make you fall to your knees and that's
The anxiety
The sane and the insane rivalry
Paranoias brought me to my knees
Lord, please, please, please
Take away my anxiety
The sane and the insane rivalry
Paranoias brought me to my knees
Lord, please, please, please
Take away my anxiety

[Instrumental bridge]

[Hook]
I don't fear none of my enemies
And I don't fear bullets from Uzi's
I've been dealing with something that's worse than these
That'll make you fall to your knees and that's
The anxiety
The sane and the insane rivalry
Paranoias brought me to my knees
Lord, please, please, please
Take away my anxiety
The sane and the insane rivalry
Paranoias brought me to my knees
Lord, please, please, please
Take away my anxiety

[Chorus: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win, no matter what
Got money on my mind I can never get enough
Whenever me and Khaled do the remix everybody's hands go up
And they stay there
And they stay yea
And they stay there
Up, down, up, down, up, down
Cause all I do is win, win, win
And if you going in put your hands in the air make em stay there

[Verse 1: DJ Khaled & T-Pain]
Sittin' on the top floor, what you think I'm hot for
Every summer drop more, hits to make my stock go, up
Them hands go, up; them fans go, up
I'm number one in this bitch and I'ma, stay there
We the best of the best, grind while you haters just sleep
I'm yellin' "free Weezy", I rep the heart of the streets
Who hotter than me (Khaled), I'm wearin' the crown
We can't stop, won't stop; go hate on me now

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I could never get enough when it come to gettin' fetti
Niggas ain't ready for my Ferrari Scaglietti
Mario Andretti, money comin' fast
My honeycomb hideout is made of all glass
I could never be a racist
Wake up every morning just to count white faces, Neo in the Matrix
Glorious as Morpheus, employed all warriors
I'm mean as a scorpion, Dr. Kevorkian

[Verse 3: Busta Rhymes]
Fire and brimstone, yo
Everytime I come you gotta know a nigga comin'
Get a lot of money when I'm in the buildin'
And I come and say there ain't motherfucker money better, better, better, better!
Uh-huh, Okay
Niggas know I got you when I hit you with the pitter-patter
Whenever they see me then you hear a lot of chitter-chatter
Niggas know there ain't nobody better, better, better, better!
I watch a lot of niggas when I'm in the cut
So sick when I come and hit 'em in the gut
You will crown me king (no matter what!)
(Kill 'em!)
Ok, let's shine my friend
Get up on my grind again
Some niggas will be happy that I chose to rhyme with them cause

[Chorus: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win, no matter what
Got money on my mind I can never get enough
Whenever me and Khaled do the remix everybody's hands go up
And they stay there
And they say yea
And they stay there
Up, down, up, down, up, down
Cause all I do is win, win, win
And if you going in put your hands in the air make em stay there

[Verse 4: Diddy]
Her heart racing like she snort cocaine
I got a billion reasons you should know my whole name
Got the most paper Mr. New York Times
I'm a natural born winner nigga New York mines
Everybody getting money but I cop the first six
Now I run the game so I toss the first pitch
Yea, I'll let you wife her but she still my first bitch
If it's less then nine digits nigga, that ain't fuckin' rich mother fucker

[Verse 5: Nicki Minaj]
Uh
Ayo, all I do is win, ain't that the reason that you really mad
Undisputed hailing all the way from Trinidad
I ain't mad ma, see you on your bummy swag
I'm in that money green Jag, lot of money bags
I told Khaled you the best but I'm the bestest
Better run for cover if your name is on my checklist
You could talk slick, all the way down to the welfare
Ask the IRS bitch, I'm paying for your health care

[Verse 6: Fabolous]
I'ma make this here official, Let me clear some issues
First off I am not for Britney Spears initials
Thats no B-S, at your re-quest
Lean back you and your crew, Fat Joe, T-S
Yea it's Young Funeral, all black on me
So act like summers over and fall back homey
Winnin' is all I do, I'll answer all of you
But y'all ain't sayin' shit, like prank callers do

[Chorus: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win, no matter what
Got money on my mind I can never get enough
Whenever me and Khaled do the remix everybody's hands go up
And they stay there
And they stay yea
And they stay there
Up, down, up, down, up, down
Cause all I do is win, win, win
And if you going in put your hands in the air make em stay there

[Verse 7: Jadakiss]
It's already proven, I got them birds movin'
All I do is win, I'm allergic to losin'
Yellow gold cuban, nine mil Ruger
I'll show you what to do with em
Finish em, I'm through with em
They gon have to jump me, it's gon take a few of em
They don't want no problems, they might end up suing em
Disassociate yourself, have nothing to do with em
We already got a jet, we tryna get two of em

[Verse 8: Fat Joe]
Yeah, yo
Just blew trial, crack lobsters Little Italy
Your wife she a screamer yellin' slow down Joe, you killin' me
Beat her like a prize fight mommy I’m a rude boy
You just hit the Power Ball, everyday a new toy
Nigga it’s a stick up, a motherfuckin' robbery
I done did some things that have Haitian Jack proud of me
Ridin' through Harlem me and Jeezy pardon me
Puffy surfin' on the hood for niggas that keep doubtin' me

[Chorus: T-Pain]
All I do is win, win, win, no matter what
Got money on my mind I can never get enough
Whenever me and Khaled do the remix everybody's hands go up
And they stay there
And they stay yea
And they stay there
Up, down, up, down, up, down
Cause all I do is win, win, win
And if you going in put your hands in the air make em stay there

[Intro: Kanye West]
Uh-uh, I'm tryna catch the beat
Uh, I'm tryna catch the beat
I'm tryna catch the beat, uh-uh, uh-uh
I'm tryna catch the beat

[Chorus: Kanye West]
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
Get 'em high
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
Get 'em high
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
Keep 'em high
And if you're losin' your high, then smoke again
Keep 'em high (Now, now, now, now)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
My flow is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics
I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcoholics
My freshman year, I was going through hella problems
'Til I built up the nerve to drop my ass up out of college
My teacher said I was a loser, I told her, "Why don't you kill me?"
I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna follow
My heart, and if you follow the charts
Or the plaques or the stacks, you ain't gotta guess who's back, you see?
I'm so Chi that you thought I was bashful
But this bastard's flow will bash your skull
And I will cut your girl like Pastor Tro'
And I don't usually smoke, but pass the 'dro
And I won't give you that money that you askin' for
Why you think me and Dame cool? We assholes
That's why we hear your music and fast forward
'Cause we don't wanna hear that weak shit no mo'

[Chorus: Kanye West]
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
Get 'em high
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
Get 'em high
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
Keep 'em high
And if you're losin' your high, then smoke again
Keep 'em high (Now, now, now, now, now, You've got mail)

[Verse 2: Kanye West, Sumeke Rainey & Talib Kweli]
Now who the hell is this
Emailing me at 11:26
Telling me that she thirty-six, twenty-six plus double-d?
You know how girls on Black Planet be when they get bubbly
At NYU but she hail from Kansas
Right now, she just lampin', chillin' on campus
Sent me a picture with her feelin' on Candice
Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis
W-H-I-T, it's getting late, mami
Your screen saver say Tweet, so you got to call me
And bring a friend for my friend, his name Kweli
You mean Talib? Lyrics stick to your rib (I mean)
That's my favorite CD that I play at my crib (I mean)
You don't really know him, why is you lyin'?
Yo Kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line
She gon' think that I'm lyin', just spit a couple of lines
Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time
And get her high (Yeah), ow

[Verse 3: Talib Kweli & Common]
I can't believe this nigga use my name for pickin' up dimes
But never mind, I need some tracks, you tryin' to pull tracks out
And my rhymes is finna blow, you trying to blow backs out
Well, okay, you twisted my arm, I'll assist with the charm
Ayo, ain't you meet that chick at that conference with your moms?
Her sister the bomb, but she got the bougie behavior
Always got something to say like a OkayPlayer-hater
Anyways, I don't usually fuck with the Internet
Or chicks with birth control stuck to they arm like Nicorette
You really fuckin' that much or tryna get off cigarettes? (Keep 'em high)
If she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet (No)
I apologize if I come off a little inconsiderate
I got the Bubba Kush and her sister could get a hit of it, yeah (Yo, yo)

[Verse 4: Common]
Get 'em high like noon or the moon
Or a room filled with smoke, a hype filled with dope
Y'all assumed I was doomed, out of tune
But I still filled the notes with real nigga quotes
Real rappers is hard to find like a remote
Control, rap is out of
Used to, but still got love
That's why I abuse you who are not thugs
Rock clubs like Tiger Woods in the hood
Should have my own reality show called "Soul Survivor"
I stole on live-er niggas than you
You's a bitch, I got ones that are thicker than you
How could I ever let your words affect me?
They say hip-hop is dead, I'm here to resurrect me
Marsha's too sexy to even make songs like these
That's why the raw don't know your name, like Alicia Keys
Too many featured emcees, and producers is popular
Twelve thousand spins, nobody got to coppin' a
Album, how come you the hot garbage of
The year? It's clear your image is looped up
Label got you souped up, tellin' you you sick
When you a dick with a loose nut
Video hard to watch like Medusa
Even your club record need a booster, chimped up
With a pimp cup, illiterate nigga, read the infra-
Red across your head, I'm bred king like Simba
Bolder than Denver, I ain't a mad rapper
Just a emcee with a temper
You dancin' for money like Honey, I did this my way
So when the industry crash, I survive like Kanye
Spittin' through wires and fires, emcees retirin'
Got your hands up, get them motherfuckers higher, then

[Chorus: Kanye West & Common]
N-now, th-th-throw your motherfuckin' hands
Get 'em high (Yeah)
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfuckin' man
Get 'em high (Mm-mm, uh-uh, uh)
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
Keep 'em high (Keep 'em high, keep 'em high, uh-uh)
And if you're losin' your high, then smoke again
Keep 'em high

[Verse]
Already woke, spared a joke, barely spoke, rarely smoke
Stared at folks when properly provoked, mirror broke
Here, share a strawberry morning
Gone, an more important spawning, torn in, poor men sworn in
Cornish hens switching positions
Auditioning morticians, saw it in a vision, ignoring prison
Ignoramuses enlist and sound dumb
Found 'em drowned in cow's dung, crowns flung
Rings a Tinkerbell, sing for things that's frail as a fingernail
Bring a scale, stale ginger lingers
Seven figures invigor
Nigga, fresh from out the jail, alpha male
Sickest ninja injury this century, enter plea
Lend sympathy to limper Simple Simon rhymin' emcees
Trees is free, please leave a key
These meager fleas, he's the breeze
And she's the bee's knees for sheez, G's of G's
Seize property, shopper sprees, chop the cheese
Drop degrees to stop diseases, gee-whiz, Pa!
DOOM rock grammar like the kumbaya
Mama was a ho hopper, papa was a rolling stone
Star like Obama, pull a card like oh, drama
Civil liberties
These little titties' abilities riddle me, middle C (Ahhhh!)
Mmm, give a MC a rectal hysterectomy
Lecture on removal of the bowels, foul technically
Don't expect to see the recipe
Until we receive the check as well as the collection fee
More wreck than Section Z, what you expect to get for free?
Shit from me, history
The key, plucked it off the mayor
Chucked it in the ol' tar pit off La Brea, player
They say he's gone too far
DOOM'll catch em after Jumah on cue lacka!
Do whatcha gotta do, grarrrr
The rumors are not true, got two ma
No prob, got the job, hot bod, heartthrob
Scotchguard the bar with cotton swabs, dart lob
Bake a cake, sweet, Jamaica trade in treats on the beach
Make her skeet til her feets meet

[Bridge]
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did you miss these rhymes when I was gone?
As you listen to these crazy tracks
Check them stats then you know where I'm at
And that's that

[Outro]
Look, there's Doom now!
I followed him to the studio, but I was too late to stop him
That's right! You'll never stop me!
You're dead! You're all dead! Doom!

[Chorus]
(I don't know) Yes, man
(Why this world keeps turning) As the world turns
('Round and 'round) We all experience things in life
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
Trials and tribulations
(I don't know) That we all must go through
(Why this world keeps turning) When someone wants to test us
('Round and 'round) When someone tries our patience
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)

[Verse 1]
I hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters
Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns
Outsidaz, baby, and we suin' the courts
'Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source
Yo, they never should've booted me outta reform school (Uh-uh)
Deformed fool, takin' a shit in the warm pool
'Til they threw me out the Ramada Inn
I said, "It wasn't me, I got a twin"
Oh my God, it's you, not again (Ahh)
It all started when my mother took my bike away
'Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave
After that, it was straight to the 40 ouncers
Slappin' teachers and jackin' off in front of my counselors
Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman
Fuck the next lesson, I'll pass the test guessin'
And all the other kids said, "Eminem is a thizz head
He'll never last, the only class he'll ever pass is Phys Ed"
Maybe true, 'til I told this bitch in gym class
That she was too fat to swim laps, she need a Slim Fast
(Who, me?) Yeah, bitch, you so big
You walked into Vic Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig
(Well, I have never)
She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig
Put me in a headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig
(Wait, wait, wait, wait)
I felt the evilness and started transformin' (Rrrahh)
It began stormin', I heard a bunch of cheerin' fans swarmin'
Grabbed that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground (Come here, bitch)
And took her up to the highest divin' board and tossed her down
Sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop
While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly-flop

[Chorus]
('Cause I don't know) As the world turns
(Why this world keeps turning) These are the days of our lives
('Round and 'round) These are the things that we must go through
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) Day by day

[Verse 2]
We drive around in million-dollar sports cars
While little kids hide this tape from their parents like bad report cards
Outsidaz, and we suin' the courts
'Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source (Yo)
Hypochondriac, hangin' out at the laundromat
Where all the raunchy, fat, white-trashy blondes be at
Dressed like a sailor, standin' by a pail of garbage
It's almost dark and I'm still tryna nail a trailer park bitch
I met a slut and said, "What up? It's nice to meet ya" (Hi)
"I'd like to treat you to a Faygo and a slice of pizza
But I'm broke as fuck
And I don't get paid 'til the first of next month (Sorry)
But if you'd care to join me, I was about to roll this next blunt
But I ain't got no weed, no Phillies or no papers
Plus, I'm a rapist and a repeated prison escapist
So give me all your money and don't try nothin' funny
'Cause you know your stinking ass is too fat to try to outrun me"
I went to grab my gun, that's when her ass put it on me (Stop)
With an uppercut, hit me with a basket of laundry (Ooh)
I fell through the glass doors, started causin' a scene
Slid across the floor and flew right into a washin' machine
Jumped up with a broken back, thank God I was smokin' crack
All day, and doped up on coke and smack
All I wanted to do was rape the bitch and snatch her purse
Now I wanna kill her, but yo, I gotta catch her first
Ran through Rally's parkin' lot and took a shortcut
Saw the house she ran up in and shot her fuckin' porch up
Kicked the door down to murder this divorced slut
Looked around the room
That's when I seen her bedroom door shut
"I know you're in there, bitch, I got my gun cocked
You might as well come out now"
She said, "Come in, it's unlocked"
I walked in and all I smelled was Liz Claiborne
And seen her spread across the bed naked, watchin' gay porn
She said, "Come here, big boy, let's get acquainted"
I turned around to run, twisted my ankle and sprained it
She came at me at full speed, nothin' could stop her
I shot her five times and every bullet bounced off her
I started to beg, "No, please let go"
But she swallowed my fuckin' leg whole like an egg roll
With one leg left, now I'm hoppin' around crippled
I grabbed my pocket knife and sliced off her right nipple
Just tryna buy me some time, then I remembered this magic trick
Duh-dah-duh-dah-duh-duh, go-go gadget dick
Whipped that shit out, and ain't no doubt about it
It hit the ground, caused an earthquake and power outage
I shouted, "Now, bitch, let's see who gets the best"
Stuffed that shit in, crooked and fucked that fat slut to death
Ow, ow (Come here, bitch)
Ow, ahh (Come here, take this mothafuckin' dick, bitch, come here)

[Chorus]
('Cause I don't know) And as we go along
(Why this world keeps turning) Throughout the days of our lives
('Round and 'round)
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
We all face small obstacles
(I don't know) And challenges everyday
(Why this world keeps turning) That we must go through
('Round and 'round) These are the things
That surround us through our atmosphere
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)
(I don't know) Every day
(Why this world keeps turning) Every single day the world keeps turning
('Round and 'round) Keeps turning
(But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) Keeps turning
(I don't know why this world keeps turning)
You can't love, but I bet ya
Yo can't hine yeah

[Verse 1]
Here we Gooo
The 1st time around
I left the cars at the house
And I put the diamonds down
Them things come and they go it's bout the rhyme-in Now
I'm seeing it clearer, the season is nearer
And still I must change, I'm like a broken bill
Conservative for the most but I'm out spoken still
They not sure it'll work but their all hoping
He'll emerge the victim, my words are pictures
And yes the colors so loud that you heard my scripture
With four walls
Give me the right brush and I draw all
I promise I been thinkin' before ya'll
I barely get tired, I'm rarely inspired
And you accomplish in a week is What I'm daily required
I'm meetin' quotas while you rappers having sleep overs
Spending nights in studio try to be Hova
Be in the throne instead of being ya own
But look

[Hook:]
Young Check your freestyle
I am fast approachin' on the weekend
It's me, Niko, Bryans here, D10
Freestyle shit bout to segway to the verse here we go

[Verse 2:]
It's like I'm makin' moves in my city though
My ex girls wanna be up in the video
They ex girls are steady tryin' to get with me though
Important and vital
I'm caught in a cycle
And this is all I know
And yes I know it well
I try to explain
And my effort comes to no avail
I'm from the place where they release records and no one sells
And still they claim king
Nigga it's the same thing
All day long
But that's the screw face
Rappers will friend you at first but really they two faced
Hoping you trip and slip over your own shoe lace
That's why I tuck em in not givin' a fuck again
D.R.A you add the K.E a hundred grand and you labels can not
Play me
I'll never go broke
Fuck em I'm flashin' the pan
I am a passionate man
Planted with cash in my hand uhh

[Verse 3:]
Look... I got few days left
And I'm a make use of every single one
Untill every singles done and till every record is sold
And till every string is strung
They tell me to take a breather and Drake everything will come
Dog... it's always been the same
It's all love
Like no score in a tennis game
For the son of Dennis James
Owner of the city downtown on a Friday
Streets behind me like I took a picture in a driveway
I roll down strips and hosed down whips that when turtles wax up
They will close down richmond
With no down shiftin'
Haters will say I'm adequate
I think I got the type of flow to make a addict quit
19 years I been pimpin' since then repurchased Trap Muzik 4 time since then
Seamless transition I'm the new fresh prince gettin' pennies for my thoughts
So I put my 2 cents in
Top of the mornin' I am dropin' a coin in plus
I'm changin' the game you see me swapin' a joint in
They put fire out bring the buyers out and try to box us all together
For they buy us out
They profit from the event
We handin' fliers out
We profit from the attempt to hand desires out
But rich is how we're all endin' up
So if you selling charter Jetts call Brenden up
Holla!

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Kurupt]
La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D-O-double-G (Snoop Dogg!)
La-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-R-E, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know who's back up in this motherfucker
What? What? What? What?
So blaze the weed up then, blaze it up, blaze it up!
Just blaze that shit up, nigga! Yeah, 'sup, Snoop?

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Top Dogg, bite 'em all, nigga, burn the shit up
D-P-G-C, my nigga, turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah, they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy, we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slipped my ho a forty-fo' when she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange, but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch, quit talkin', Crip walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope on this jet
Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch, shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the S, you'll be relievin' your stress

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre (Kurupt)]
La-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D-R-E (Dr. Dre, motherfucker!)
La-da-da-da-dah

[Verse 2: Dr. Dre]
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats, you ride to 'em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feel? Whoopty whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronic'd out in the 'llac
With D.O.C. in the back, sippin' on 'gnac (Yeah)
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods (What hood?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood
South Central out to the West Side, it's California Love
This California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on and my smoke on
Then go home with somethin' to poke on ('Sup bitch?)
Loc, it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode

[Outro: Nate Dogg]
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft, we don't play
We gonna rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold, take a seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Smoke weed every day

[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Intro - Drake]
Yeah
It's Drizzy, baby
You already know what it is
It's the first time—I'm high, it's the first time I smoked in like 3 months
I'm sorry, Mama, I had to do it to 'em
40 I see you
O, I see you, homie
I stayed late tonight, right?
You know what happen when I stay late, haha
Yeah
Boi-1da!
I swear, it's like this every single time
Toronto, I got you
I got us
Yeah

[Verse 1 - Drake]
I'm a hard guy to get along with, get on a song with
When shit be going right, well, I just flip it to the wrong shit
The team that I belong to, the artists I put on with
Don't ever ask for nothing 'cause them niggas got their own shit
Me and Weezy are like a mouth full of hot peppers
Black Ferrari with the red seats, I call it "playing checkers"
I'm never doing verses, I'm forever giving lectures
If you trying to meet with money, I'll be happy to connect you
Life is better than it's ever been
Scheduling million-dollar meetings with the president
Someone cut the lights on, where is Thomas Edison?
Got a a new condo, watch me as I settle in
I deserve a MTV show for me and my people
And if you tryna zone, I got a whole Swisher Sweet full
Rappers all liars and they women are deceitful
Add until they subtract me, I'll never be your equal
Last-Place Drizzy is the nigga in the lead now
Weezy told me, "Just write every single thing you need down"
And he got it for me, and I'm as happy can be now
'Bout to start balling like I'm coming off a rebound
Yeah, and I should have the most bragging rights
Because a nigga spit crack—bag it tight
Hate when rappers say they tryna get their swagger right
'Cause I done came on more fire than a dragon fight
Fuck you, pussy-ass hater, you should do you
You ain't heard of me, then you should go and get a Blue's Clue
Oops! I mean a red clue; Wayne's here, suu whoop
Bet he felt that like the end of a pool cue
But I ain't banging, I ain't waving no flag
I'm ATF, but they ain't seeing no badge
It's Heartbreak Drake, I hate to see 'em so sad
I can son you, see a little me in your dad
I'm the same yellow boy that used to play up on Degrassi
Can pocket 20 thousand to be anywhere they ask me
Cash like Johnny, Banks like Ashley
Burning like a Camel Light; stupid ho, ash me
But don't ask me shit about me
And know the game really ain't shit without me
She might have to pay me, but I dick her down free
Wanna know if it's the truth? Then pull the zipper down and see
(No homo, though)

[Break: Lil Wayne]
Yeah
Um...
I'm going in

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Drizzy, I got us, this is my promise
I'ma bring that barrel to them bitches' eyeliners
And what I make up would fuck up your skin
I pick the buck up and buck-buck, then buck-buck again
I would buttfuck your friend, then suck up her twin
I put the buck up to him
Then buck-buck and buck-buck and buck-buck again
Suck nut, you duck, fuck your unloving kin
Now, don't rub it in
Like Lubriderm on a new tattoo, I had to
Kick my princess up out my castle
Dad, who? Never had that dude, always had a black tool
Even when I was at school, 'cause bullies aren't bulletproof
Red scarf, hoodie too, probably ain't as hood as you
Stupid motherfucker, the only thing in the hood is you
I do everything good as you; no, I do everything better
I get paid for every letter, A-B-C, et cetera
Fetch a bone, like a dog, motherfucker
I am going for your neck in a sec
Intercept, bring it back like work in a trunk
And my exit coming up, yup, I am headed to the buck
Like, buck-buck again! Might fly to L.A. and just fuck Karrine
Nahh, fuck Karrine! Let's get bucks again
And fucking spend them bucks, and then, just fuck Karrine
If I told you, I'ma do it, I did it
Got my city on my fitted, 'bout to pop it, let's get it
Let's get it, motherfucker, what you waiting on?
It is 'bout a minute past pissed and I'm about to get shitted
I'm with it if money is the "it" you want me with
And I probably just spit on the chick you want be with
And I hate a bony bitch, only like 'em only thick
And I own hip-hop; if you don't spit, I'm gon' evict
And I just sold a lot of property to a buyer
And I think his name was kinda like "Drake Drizzy Rogers"
Or "Drizzy Drake Rogers," I'm too busy to play father
And when it comes to the game, I'm too willing to play harder
So harder, I go, there he go
They chant "MVP" when I shoot a free throw
C.E.O., Jaz, what it do?
The haters on their face and in their ass is a shoe
Faster than you, badder than you
Radder than you, et cetera
I told you, I get paid by the letter, like:
"A-B-C-D-E-F-G-H-I-J-K-L-M-N-O-P-Q-R-S-T-U-V-W-X-Y"
ZZ Top, yes, he rock
And me and Drizzy both wrote on Detox
That was just a footnote; how long can he could go?
Wondering when he stop? Bitch, when the beat stop
So I'ma keep rocking 'til the sheet rock bend
Then, the heat I send burn skin

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
The end
Young Mula, baby, ha

[Verse 1]
Fresh to def she is
From her steps to her set she is
So death might not let me live, ya dig?
Fresh, uh-huh—yes, she is
Had a feeling that it would be a day like this
The orchestra in my mind, don't play like this, naw
But I'm prepared for it, got a little rare for it
Brushed off my Airs, even cut my hair for it
Cause normally I don't care for it
Don't even be looking for light like that, then there go it
Yeah, right over there, so I prepared to pour it
Little scared, my stare lowered, momma said have no fear
Plus I'm already out of my chair
Gather up my Airs on my square from here forward
It's nothing, right
So here go it, whispered in her ear
It's kinda crowded in here would she care to blow it
And she said, "Yeah."

[Hook]
You're my sunshine
(You’re my sunshine)
You're my moonlight
(You’re my moonlight)
You're the starry skies above me
Won't you please come down and hug me
Think I found love in this club tonight

[Verse 2]
Never met her before
But I think I like her like a metaphor—it's hard to get
In the car we sit, from the intro
She rolled down the window, just in case I was a schizo
I compliment her on the common sense
I'm calm, a little more confident
Uh huh, and then we lose consciousness
She says that I've been waiting for you
And I know you've been chasing me too, since they kidnapped
Me from a castle, I've been thinking of you
I told a fire-breathing dragon he better not harm me
Or be sorry when he meets my one man army
And thou has come to rescue me
My knight in shining armor, yes, you be
Woken up by the horn of an SUV
I said, "See? Too beautiful to let you sleep
You're my sunshine"

[Hook]
You're my sunshine
(You’re my sunshine)
You're my moonlight
(You’re my moonlight)
You're the starry skies above me
Won't you please come down and hug me
Think I found love in this club tonight

[Verse 3]
Relationship is just thirty minutes long
It's kinda heavy, maybe a little strong
Gonna take much more than once
Can't trust what each of us say at least for a month
Or two, before I bid you adieu
Do this one thing for me: out of the trillions
Of numbers that's in the world just leave me a few
That lead to you
Won't be long then, I'll see you in the morning
Cool?

[Hook]
You're my sunshine
(You’re my sunshine)
You're my moonlight
(You’re my moonlight)
You're the starry skies above me
Won't you please come down and hug me
Think I found love in this club tonight

[Chorus]
I see you drivin' 'round town with the girl I love
And I'm like, "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
I'm like, "Fuck you and fuck her too"
Said, if I was richer, I'd still be with ya
Hah, now ain't that some shit? (Ain't that some shit?)
And although there's pain in my chest, I still wish you the best
With a "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)

[Verse 1]
Yeah, I'm sorry, I can't afford a Ferrari
But that don't mean I can't get you there
I guess he's an Xbox, and I'm more Atari
But the way you play your game ain't fair

[Pre-Chorus]
I pity the fool that falls in love with you
Oh, shit, she's a gold digger
(Well) Just thought you should know, nigga
Ooh, I've got some news for you
Yeah, go run and tell your little boyfriend

[Chorus]
I see you drivin' 'round town with the girl I love
And I'm like, "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
I'm like, "Fuck you and fuck her too"
Said, if I was richer, I'd still be with ya
Hah, now ain't that some shit? (Ain't that some shit?)
And although there's pain in my chest, I still wish you the best
With a "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)

[Verse 2]
Now I know that I had to borrow, hah
Beg and steal and lie and cheat
Tryin' to keep ya, tryin' to please ya
'Cause being in love with your ass ain't cheap, nah

[Pre-Chorus]
I pity the fool that falls in love with you
Oh, shit, she's a gold digger
(Well) Just thought you should know, nigga
Ooh, I've got some news for you
Ooh, I really hate yo ass right now

[Chorus]
I see you drivin' 'round town with the girl I love
And I'm like, "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
I'm like, "Fuck you and fuck her too"
Said, if I was richer, I'd still be with ya
Hah, now ain't that some shit? (Ain't that some shit?)
And although there's pain in my chest, I still wish you the best
With a "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)

[Bridge]
Now, baby, baby, baby, why do you wanna, wanna hurt me so bad? (So bad, so bad, so bad)
I tried to tell my momma, but she told me, "This is one for your dad" (Your dad, your dad, your dad)
Yes, she did, and I'm like
Uh, why? Uh, why?
Uh, why, lady?
Oh, I love you
Oh, I still love you, oh

[Chorus]
I see you drivin' 'round town with the girl I love
Uh, "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
I guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough
I'm like, "Fuck you and fuck her too"
Said, if I was richer, I'd still be with ya
Hah, now ain't that some shit? (Ain't that some shit?)
And although there's pain in my chest, I still wish you the best
With a "Fuck you" (Ooh, ooh, ooh-ooh)

[Intro]
Hate the price of fame 'cause it cost too much (Uh-yeah, boy)
Lame niggas, these niggas talk too much (Uh-yeah)
I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em (Uh-yeah, boy)
I said, "I'm ready for whatever," hey, hey (Yeah)

[Verse 1]
Even though my head in the clouds, I'm planted on the pavement
How I'm walking 'round, people staring at amazement
I play a lot of games on where I be, and I ain't playing with it
They so judgmental, maybe they don't understand:
If your life was in jeopardy e'ryday, is you telling me
You wouldn't need weaponry, just because of your felony?
Consider this, at least: I got e'rybody sweating me
On the streets, it's people who won't rest unless I rest in peace
Killed my folk a year ago; still, in my sleep, they threaten me
Paranoia stressing me; ain't nobody protecting me
I'm dealing with the pressure from my partner dying next to me
Think 'cause no one's arrested, they coming for me eventually
This was all the things I was going through mentally
This could be the reason I ignored the penitentiary
Not mentioning New Orleans niggas coming in the city
Killing all summer long, ain't nobody pay attention

[Pre-Hook]
Now, is it that hard to understand if you listen?
Either die or go to jail—that's a hell of a decision
But I'm wrong, and I know it; my excuse's unimportant
I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice, for real

[Hook]
I had straps in my ride (Ride), gotta go to prison (Prison)
You waiting on me to die, you gon' be waiting for a minute (Yeah)
Boy, I'm ready for whatever (Whatever), somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles, for real
Can't afford the price of fame, 'cause it cost too much (Too much)
Plus, these sucker niggas lame, and they talk too much
Yeah, that's why I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles

[Post-Hook]
For real (For real)
For real (For real)
(Yeah, I know what you thinking)
Ayy, for real (I'm for real)
Yuh, I say, "When e'rything settles, for real" (For real)
("First Michael Vick, now this, huh?")
Ayy, ayy, for real (Ayy, for real)
(Naw, not exactly)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, for real (Ayy, for real)
(I tell you how this shit went down for real, dog)
I say, "When e'rything settles, for real"

[Verse 2]
I'm a man, I ain't perfect—I admit it: I'm guilty
But understand; feel me (Yuh): I was riding filthy
'Cause niggas out there plotting (Plotting), to rob me and kill me (Yuh)
Five hundred thousand every year spent on security (Hey)
My future was bright, but now, it's gettin blurry
'Cause niggas in a hurry to find me and bury me
But surely, God'll deliver me up out it
I'm a fighter to the heart; I forever be about it
I'm a father to my sons (Sons), asset to my community
Look, all that I done: My good outweigh the negativity
Ayy, mentally, I was focused on not letting history repeat itself
That’s why heat was kept in the vicinity
(Yes, officially, I broke the law, but not maliciously)
Through all of the publicity, was anyone considering
My position and the logic hid in my decision? (Ayy)
But they caught me with it, now I'm off to prison, period (Bye)

[Pre-Hook]
But is it that hard to understand if you listen?
Either die or go to jail—that's a hell of a decision
But I'm wrong, and I know it; my excuse's unimportant
I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice, for real

[Hook]
I had straps in my ride (Ride), gotta go to prison (Prison)
You waiting on me to die, you gon' be waiting for a minute (Yeah)
Boy, I'm ready for whatever (Whatever), somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles, for real
Can't afford the price of fame, 'cause it cost too much (Too much)
Plus, these sucker niggas lame, and they talk too much
Yeah, that's why I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell 'em (Tell 'em)
I be here when the smoke clears and everything settles

[Post-Hook]
For real
For real (For real)
Ayy, for real (I'm for real)
Yuh, I say, "When e'rything settles, for real" (For real)
Ayy, ayy, for real
Ayy, yuh, ayy, for real (I be here)
Yuh, I say, "When e'rything settles for real" (For real)
For real (For real)
For real (For real)
Ayy, for real (For real)
I say, "When e'rything settles, for real" (For real)
Ayy, for real (Ayy, for real)
Ayy, for real (I be here)
I say, "When e'rything settles, for real"

[Outro (Spoken)]
Ayy, I said listen, homeboy. You can talk all you want, mayne, you know what I'm saying? Everybody talk to the King, you know what I'm sayin? Everybody's entitled to an opinion, you know what I'm sayin? They like yesterdays, everybody got one
But the fact of the matter remains: if you ain't walk a mile in my shoes and you ain't lived a day in my life, you ain't survive the shit I done survived, you ain't had to deal with the shit I had to deal with, homeboy—you can't muhfuckin' judge me, partner
I mean, look at folk like Sean Taylor. You know what they said?
They said, had he had a strap, he'da lived today. You know what I'm sayin?
Now, true enough, I was dead wrong, I broke the law, I deserve to be punished. I understand that, aight? Cool. But listen, man, I got a house full of kids, a mama, and an old lady, whose life is my responsibility. You dig that?
Now, for all of y'all who think I was just ridin' around on some dumb shit: you know I'm smarter than you man! You know I'm smarter than you dawg! Ay, if you think I was just being stupid, shawty, I got some muhfuckin' oceanfront property in Idaho for sale, homie. If you believe that, I got a bridge in Brooklyn I wanna sell you, partner
Ay, man, real talk: In order to understand my train of thoughts, you have to put yourself in my position. You can't expect me to think like you, 'cause my life ain't like yours, you know what I'm sayin?
If you don't understand that, you don't understand English. I'm done talking

[Produced by Dr. Dre]

[Verse 1]
I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah, fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed
'Til one night he snuck in and said
"We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed"
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead?
"After I fuck you in the butt, get some head
Bust a nut, get some rest," the next day my mother said
"I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid!
The bastard won't even eat nothing he's fed
He just hung himself in the bedroom, he's dead!"
"Debbie, don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck
I'll bet you he's fakin' it, I'll bet you, I bet
He probably just wants to see how upset you would get
I'll go handle this, of course, unless you object?"
"Aw, go fuck his brains out if any's left in his head!"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!

[Verse 2]
"Did you get him?" Nah, fucker tried to bite my face off
I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding-dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong
Then he set the lawnmower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah, maniac, that's Shady, dawg
Man that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he dawg?
Shady, dawg, what be goin' through that fuckin' brain of yours?
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for? Sing along!

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane!

[Verse 3]
Don't you know what felch means? ("Yeah") Well then, tell me
Would you rather get felched or do the felching?
Fuck 'em in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching (Urrp!)
Burp, belch, and go back for a second helping
Can you dig what I'm saying, man? Can you smell me?
I want you to feel me like my stepfather felt me (Oh...)
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping
"Shady, what the fuck you saying?" — I don't know, help me!
What the fuck's happening? I think I'm fuckin' melting!
"Marshall, I just love you, boy, I care about your well-being"
No, Dad, I said no! — I don't need no help peeing
I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself, see?
I only get naked when the babysitter tells me
She showed me a movie like Nightmare on Elm Street
But it was X and they called it "Pubic Hair on Chelsea"
"Well, this is called 'Ass Rape' and we're shooting the jail scene!"

[Chorus]
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane

[Intro]
I'm charging 16 fever, 16 fever, nigga my price cheaper, 16 fever

[Hook]
16 fever coca-ina
X pills, bubble kush, mid-grade reefer
Hoes ride dicks, dog, but I ride Beemers
A square rectangle cost 16 fever

[Verse 1]
16 5-0, there go 5-0
I'm up 2-5 but I need 4 more
I got uncles blowing bundles, mine do numbers while I drive lambo
Off-white yayo, digital scale
Fishscale sending my pigeons by mail
Bring in my drain folks, I just bring me that caine, folks
Gucci got good dope, pills, purp and sizzurp
My workers don't move nothing less than a bizzurd
Gucci got good dope, pills, purp and sizzurp
My workers don't move nothing less than a bizzurd

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Bricks: can't keep em
16 fever, Beemer-speakers, geek-a-meters
Misdemeanors, several subpeonas
See, I'm gonna drink up cause we just linked up
The squad been teamed up, we cutting off fingers
It's 16 fever and that's since april
My Corvette paid for, my old-school paid for
The hummer roll up? That means you assed out
And you didn't cash out, see this my traphouse
I slam fiends backs out, we push white sacks out
See this my traphouse, I slam fiends backs out
We push white sacks out, them backs get pushed out

[Hook]

[Verse 3]
I'm scraping the bowl up, I'm whipping up cake mix
But this ain't red velvet! Don't eat it, you smoke it
Your options are open: you even can snort it!
3 dollar sacks so you know you can score it
Say "you can't afford it". Yo, I can't ignore it
Well go call them dope boys, you know you feel boring!
You know that you fiending, you know that you need it
It's Gucci, I'm greedy. My niggas stay eating

[Intro]
Yessir
Three
Ha, I love this shit
So let me talk my shit, uh-huh
(Coughing)
Okay, I'm good
Yeah

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
I know you see the guap, 'cause getting money is what we on
Riding drop-top in the winter with the heat on
Bad yellow bitch keep my passenger seat warm
Leg hanging out the window, you ain't got these on
Bitch, holler! It is Lil Weezy
They cannot see me, they are like Stevie
I am bearing a ton like Levy
I circle your house like BB
Colder than the heebie-jeebies, never give freebies
Seventy-five thousand for these fees, shit
I can get a hundred thousand up in these jeans
Big stacks, my pockets on Creatine
Young Money, DipSet, nigga, we a team
If you don't like it, nigga, fuck you, no Vaseline
Errr! I peel off in the Lamborghin'
Like a tangerine
Got the engine straight shaking like a tambourine
Like a bitch with some lips like Angelin'
—a Jolie, Holy God flow
I go where no other guy go
Fuck you, ho, I'm so 5-0—
4, I hope every snitch die slow
Hip-hop, that's my ho, I know
She know I like it wet, don't want no dry ho
Alright, bitch, I am the boy, no decoy
And I will straight up destroy any boy, or man
And I prefer money than bitches, or just reefer
We are Young Money, bitch, and I am the leader
He are: Curren$y, Mack Maine, and D-Raw
And I just signed a chick named Nicki Minaj
And me, I'm still spittin' like a retard
And these niggas soft, they should be rapping in leotards
Nigga, we in charge, Baby put me in charge
And I'm just murdering niggas, free of charge
You dig? Just holler back, I see you, Sarge
I'm so motherfucking high, I can eat a star
Yeah, let me upgrade you
You may not be a model, but I can front-page you
You know I'm nasty, excuse my behavior
Let me just taste you, we can fuck later
Sitting in the coupe, looking like a racer
Top peeled back like the skin of a potato
Seat way back, listening to Anita Baker
Riding by myself, smoking weed by the acre
Hollygrove gator, ain't nobody greater
Leave you with some bulletholes the size of craters
You ain't heard the latest, Weezy F. the greatest
Battle anybody, nigga, fuck whoe'er your favorite
It's a new game, and I'm the coach like Avery
Leave it to the flow, we getting dough like the bakery
I don't really want to, but these niggas making me
Put a motherfucker on ice like the Maple Leaves
That's a hockey team, and I ain't on no hockey team
But I'm a champion—where's the fucking Rocky theme?
Damn, rest in peace, Apollo Creed
I'm a monster, every day is Halloween
A lot of syrup, lot of pills, and a lot of weed
And I keep my pockets green like a pod of peas
And if you hating, baby, you can get a side of deez
Deez nuts in your mouth, and can you swallow, please? Haha
Yeah, I'm so hot, I freeze
Big balls, and they jangle like a lot of keys
Even deaf bitches say "Hi" to me
She tell a blind bitch, and she say, "I gotta see"
Young Carter, darling
Understand: I am Michael Jordan balling, yes
I'm a dog, I'm a Hoya, homie
I'm a boss, your man's just an employer, mami

[Outro]
Let me upgrade you
Ha, let me upgrade you
Upgrade you, ah
Ahhhh....
Weezy!

[Chorus]
Would've came back for you, I just needed time
To do what I had to do, caught in the life
I can't let it go
Whether that's right, I will never know, oh-oh-oh

[Post-Chorus]
Hope you forgive me, never meant wrong
Tried to be patient but waited too long
But I would've came back, but I would've came back for you
Would've came back, would've came back

[Verse]
I talk slicker than a pimp from Augusta
Who just had his linen suit dry-cleaned
Bitches, what's up with ya?
I hate calling the women "bitches," but the bitches love it
I took some sense and made a nickel of it
I'm urging all daughters to kiss their mothers
With those lips that all that lipstick covers
You're never too grown up to miss and hug her
And girls counting on me to be there like missing rubbers
I'm on some Marvin Gaye shit, a bunch of distant lovers
This ain't the life that I'm used to
Reintroduced to people I've been introduced to
Did you forget me?
Or are you too scared to tell me that you met me
And fear that I won't remember?
I wish you could still accept me for me
I miss Memphis, Tennessee, my cousins, my dad
The simplistic beauty that all of them Southerners have
I'm halfway across the world with dozens of bags
Feeling like all four members of Color Me Badd
In one nigga, amazing shit
I got that Courtney Love for you, that crazy shit
I don't drink every bottle I own, I be aging shit
And I got them wedding ring flows, that engaging shit
Which one of y'all got fleets on your keychains?
The seats for these Heat games?
I really think that you stare at yourself and you see things
La Familia, I've been inducted and instructed
To stunt on these niggas we don't really fuck with, fuck is up?
Having lunch and debating Ferrari prices
23 and going through a midlife crisis
But trust me, I still deliver like a midwife
And no, I'm not saying I'm the nicest, I just live life like it
Uh, it take a certain type of man to teach
To be far from hood, but to understand the streets
I never threw away that paper with my Grammy speech
Because I haven't hit the pinnacles I plan to reach
Yeah, you gotta own it if you want it
Kisses all on her body, she tells me live in the moment
And, baby, I'll never forget none of that
Girl, I told you I was coming back, I

[Chorus]
Would've came back for you, I just needed time
To do what I had to do, caught in the life
I can't let it go
Whether that's right, I will never know

[Post-Chorus]
Hope you forgive me, never meant wrong
Tried to be patient but waited too long
But I would've came back, but I would've came back for you
Would've came back, would've came back

[Verse 1]
Now when the sun come up
I'll be there to say "What up" in the morning
Brush my teeth
Find that clip I been looking for since last night
I feel so caught up in the bud
I float somehow in my bedroom
Turn around
See myself in the mirror, I guess I'm cool
And those happy thoughts in my head
I'm feeling like I'm Peter Pan
Minus the tights and the fairies
Happy to see how far I've come
To the same place it began
My dreams and imagination
Perfectly at peace
So I move along a bit higher

[Chorus]
I'll be up-up and away, up-up and away
'Cause they gon' judge me anyway, so, whatever
I'll be up-up and away, up-up and away
'Cause in the end, they'll judge me anyway, so, whatever

[Verse 2]
Uh, higher learnin'
I see the dreams I made
So I'm cooler now
I can take care of my mom and my little niece Zuri
So sing along, lil mama
You ain't gotta worry 'bout no drama, no
I provide for friends and fam and fans
And Cleveland City grinding, man
Stay afloat, the key is hope
I'll never let a motherfucker break me, dawg
Who gives a fuck? If a nigga don't like your steeze
Tell 'em to buzz off your N-U-T's
We don't care what people say
Dudes who critique your clothes are most gay
I ain't gotta wait for no one
If I wanna fly, I can fly for freedom, hey

[Chorus]
I'll be up-up and away, up-up and away
'Cause they gon' judge me anyway, so, whatever
I'll be up-up and away, up-up and away
'Cause in the end, they'll judge me anyway, so, whatever

[Bridge]
Wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake
Wake, wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake (Yeah)
Wake, wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake
(We'll be rolling one up)
Wake, wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake
(We'll be rolling one up)
Wake, wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake
(We'll be rolling one up)
Wake, wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake
(We'll be rolling one up)
Wake, wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake
(I'll be rolling one up)
Wake, wake up, wake up, wake, wake up, wake
(I'll be rolling up)

[Chorus]
I'll be up up and away, up up and away
'Cause they gon' judge me anyway, so, whatever
I'll be up up and away, up up and away
'Cause in the end, they'll judge me anyway, so, whatever
I'll be up up and away, up up and away
'Cause they gon' judge me anyway, so, whatever
I'll be up up and away, up up and away
'Cause in the end, they'll judge me anyway, so, whatever

[Outro]
Whatever
So, whatever
Whatever
So, whatever

[Narration: Common]
The end is never the end
A new challenge awaits
A test no man could be prepared for
A new hell he must conquer and destroy
A new level of growth he must confront himself
The machine and the ghost within
This is the journey, of the Man on the Moon

[Produced by DJ Toomp]

[Intro]
Yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
What you know about that?
What you know about that?
What you know about that?

[Chorus]
Ayy, don't you know I got kis by the three
When I chirp, shawty chirp back
Louie knapsack where I'm holding all the work at
What you know about that? What you know about that?
What you know about that? Hey, I know all about that
Loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at?
Fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the G's at
What you know about that? What you know about that?
What you know about that? Hey, I know all about that

[Verse 1]
See me in your city, sitting pretty, know I'm shining dog (Ayy, ayy)
Riding with a couple Latin broads and a China doll (Ayy!)
And you know how we ball (Ayy!), riding in shiny cars (Ayy!)
Walk in designer malls (Ayy!), buy everything we saw
You know about me, dog (Okay), don't talk about me, dog (Okay)
And if you doubt me, dog (Okay), you better out me, dog (Ohh!)
I'm throwed off slightly, bruh, don't wanna fight me, bruh (Ohh!)
I'm fast as lightning, bruh (Ohh!)
You better use your Nikes, bruh (Geah!)
Know you don't like me 'cause (G-G-Geah!)
Your bitch most likely does (G-G-Geah!)
She see me on them dubs (G-G-Geah!)
In front of every club (What?)
I be on dro, I'm buzzed (Nigga, what?)
Gave every ho a hug (Ayy, nigga, what?)
Niggas don't show me mugs (Ayy, nigga, what?)
'Cause you don't know me, cuz

[Chorus]
Ayy, don't you know I got kis by the three
When I chirp, shawty chirp back
Louie knapsack where I'm holding all the work at
What you know about that? What you know about that?
What you know about that? Hey, I know all about that
Loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at?
Fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the G's at
What you know about that? What you know about that?
(Ayy, what they know about this shit here, man?)
What you know about that? Hey, I know all about that

[Verse 2]
Candy on the six-four, leather guts, fishbowl (Ayy, ayy)
Fifty on a pinky ring just to make my fist glow (Ayy!)
Young bitches get low (Ayy!) because I get dough (Ayy!)
So what I'm rich, ho? (Ayy!) I still will pull a kick-door
What you talking shit for and gotta run and get folks?
Got you all yelling, I thought you'd pull out a gun and hit four
But you's a scary dude, believed by very few (Okay!)
Just keep it very cool (Okay!) or we will bury you (Ohh!)
See, all that attitude? (Ohh!) Unnecessary, dude (Ohh!)
You never carry tools, not even square, he cube (What?)
You got these people fooled (Nigga, what?)
Who see me on the tube (Ayy, nigga, what?)
Whatever, try the crew (Ayy, nigga what?)
They'll see you on the news

[Chorus]
Ayy, don't you know I got kis by the three (Ayy, ayy)
When I chirp, shawty chirp back
Louie knapsack where I'm holding all the work at (Ayy, ask 'em)
What you know about that? (Ayy, ask 'em)
What you know about that? (Ayy, ask 'em)
What you know about that? (Hey, hey, hey)
Hey, I know all about that (hey, hey)
Loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at? (Geah, geah)
Fresh off the jet to the 'jects
Where the G's at (Ayy, ayy, westside, nigga!)
What you know about that? (Ayy, ask 'em)
What you know about that? (Ayy, ask 'em)
What you know about that? (I'm talking to you, homie!)
Hey, I know all about that (Ayy!)

[Verse 3]
Fresh off the jet to the block
Burning rubber with the top popped (Ayy, ayy)
My partners busting shots
I tell 'em, "Stop, it make the block hot" (Ayy!)
Your label got got (Ayy!) 'cause you are not hot (Ayy!)
I got the top spot (Ayy!), and it will not stop (Ayy, ayy)
Hey, video or not, Doc, we'll bust it 'til the Glock stop
Drag you out that Bentley Coupe
And take it to the chop shop (Ohh!)
Partner, we not y'all (Ohh!), if it may pop off
I'll answer the question (Ohh!)
"Will I get your block knocked off?" (Geah!)
This what it is, bruh (G-G-Geah!)
Look, I will kill, bruh (G-G-Geah!)
I'm in your hood (G-G-Geah!)
If you a gangsta, what you hid for?
Somebody better get bruh 'fore he get sent for
Say you wanna squash it (Ayy, nigga, what?)
What you still talking shit for?

[Chorus]
Don't you know I got kis by the three
When I chirp, shawty chirp back
Louie knapsack where I'm holding all the work at
What you know about that? What you know about that?
What you know about that? Hey, I know all about that
Loaded .44 on the low, where the cheese at?
Fresh off the jet to the 'jects where the G's at
What you know about that? What you know about that?
What you know about that? Hey, I know all about that

[Intro]
Yeah, aye wassup man? Aye, uh, aye look man, can I- can I get on- can I just get on this bus? All I got is a dollar fifty, I'm just sayin'. I just tryna get- I'm tryna get on the bus, man. I ain't got no mon- all I got is a dollar fifty, I don't go two dollars. Man, fuck you and yo' bus, nigga!
(Yeah)
Hey, hey (Yeah, got a dollar and a dream)
Yeah, yeah
I got a dollar and a dream (Yeah), yeah
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)
Everything ain't what it seems
I got a dollar and a dream, hey (Hey, I'm dreamin')

[Verse 1]
Ayy, ayy, I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems (Uh)
Niggas hating but I love them even though they trying to scheme
But I'm past that (Past that), a nigga's stock is rising like the Nasdaq (Uh-huh)
They say I’m the future but yet I’m giving niggas flashbacks
Of better days when you ain't have to settle for whatever played
I represent the struggle, nigga, I say what they never say
Whenever they spit that bullshit they spittin'
This that pulpit, I’m hittin' niggas with the gospel (And the lord said)
Hostile with them hoes, I got a dollar in my pocket plus a dream
Yeah you laughing my nigga but everything ain't what it seems
What it means to know your mama or your father on that pipe
On that hard white, I’ll tell you what them scars like
I’m speaking through these bars like a nigga in the jail
Tired of siftin' through my mail, I feel like Cartwright, bills (Bills and bills and bills)
For real, a nigga ill
Just let me do the talkin', man, I know how niggas feel

[Chorus]
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
(God damn, nigga. These motherfuckin' bill collectors, man)
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
(Can't even God damn turn on my phone without these nigga ringin' me up)
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems
(They tryna call me from different numbers and shit. Tryna- tryna fool me, nigga. I'm Lil Cole, nigga!)
Yeah, got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems, yeah

[Verse 2]
I got a dolla and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seem
Every lady ain't no ho and every bitch ain't no queen
Every nigga ain't no dog and every nigga ain't no king (Uh-huh)
Shit be happening for a reason, everything is everything
Every nigga can't dunk, some white man can jump (Haha)
They shootin' niggas 'fore they even tell 'em put their hands up
Crooked cops got a nigga scared to drive
Probably thinkin' that I’m slangin', man, I see it in their eyes
But inside of my pocket is a dollar, plus a dream
Yeah, you swear your girl is faithful; everything ain't what it seems
See, I seen how she glance and looked away like she want it
I ain't sayin' I'ma fuck her, but I could if I wanted
Know it hurts that she flirt with a nigga, this is worse
I bet if I was to hit, man I wouldn’t be the first (Nah)
This is church, this is gospel (And the lord said)
Spit it like I get it from the Bible for your survival

[Hook]
I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems (Yeah, ayy, yeah-yeah-yeah)
Ayy, I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team
Everything ain't what it seems (Uh-uh, uh, uh)
Ayy, I got a dollar and a dream, real niggas on my team (Wait 'til I get my money ri- hehehehe)
Everything ain't what it seem
Yeah, I got a dollar and a dream, yeah, I got a dollar and a dream
(Wait 'til I get my money right, I'm dreamin')

[Verse 3]
Check it
Aye Sallie, I know I ain't been answerin' your calls (Aww, not this bitch, yeah)
But shit, let me explain- (I can explain, I can explain)
It's because times been hard
Been runnin' 'round tryna find a job (I can't get no job)
I hear my phone ringing in the morning, 9 o’clock
And it's you (God damn), can't even front, I press ignore (Yeah)
I still got your letters layin' in my dresser drawer (Haha)
You tellin' me about all the things you did for me (I know, I know, I know, I know)
When I was broke, you sent me dough and that was big for me (I know, I know, big for me)
See you was there every year when I needed you
And you were so quick to give I had to be with you
Remember when I used to call you on your phone line
I knew it was official when my mama cosigned (Haha, yeah)
But in no time, a nigga graduated
I hit the real world, baby girl, I'm sad to say it
But I was usin' you, you gave a nigga major stacks (Major stacks)
And I know in my heart one day that I'm gon' pay you back
I got a dollar and a dream

[Outro]
I'll pay you back. Look, can we- can we set up some type of payment plan or somethin'? Like, you know what I'm sayin'? Like, you know? I just graduated six months ago so you know, times is kinda- times is kinda hard, baby. I- I just- can I just pay you like a lil' bit right now and then I pay you- I pay you the rest next- next month when I get paid. Can I just do somethin' like that? I gotta- I'm not even gon' lie to you, I don't, I don't really have it right now. I gotta pay how much? Five thousand dol- Aw, nigga is you crazy? Bitch you lucky I even answered the phone, I shouldn't have even picked up this motherfucker, I s- Look, what's ya- what's ya name? Can I- can I speak to a manager? You are the manager? Look, look can I speak to yo' manager? Who's- who owns this motherfucker? Let me talk to the owner! God damn it, I ain't- y'all niggas crazy... hahaha

[Chorus: Kanye West]
We in the streets, playa, get your mail
It's only two places you end up: either dead or in jail
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go
Now throw your hands up—hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody—fuck that!
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go

[Verse 1: Mos Def]
Two words: United States, no love, no breaks
Low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, Black folks
Big Macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules
Presidential scandals, everybody move
Two words: Mos Def, K. West, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people got this
Game 'pon lock shit, gun 'pon cock shit
We won't stop shit—everybody move!
Two words: B-K, N-Y, Bed-Stuy
Too harsh, too hungry, too many, that's why
These streets know game, can't ball, don't play
Heavy traffic, one lane—everybody move!
Two words: Mos Def, Black Jack, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people got this
Game 'pon lock, gun 'pon cock
We won't stop—everybody move!

[Chorus: Kanye West & Harlem Boys Choir]
Now throw your hands up (Throw your hands up high)
Hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody—fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go
And keep your hands up ('Til they reach the sky)
Hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody—fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Two words: Chi-Town, Southside, worldwide
'Cause I rep that 'til I fuckin' die
One neck, two chains, one waist, two gats
One wall, twenty plaques, dues paid, gimme that
I am limelight, Blueprint, five mics
Go-Getters rhyme like should've been signed twice
Most imitated, Grammy nominated
Hotel accommodated, cheerleader prom-dated
Barbershop player-hated, mom-and-pop bootlegged it
Felt like it rained 'til the roof caved in
Two words: Chi-Town raised me, crazy
So I live by two words: "Fuck you, pay me"
Screaming, "Jesus, save me"
You know how the game be, I can't let 'em change me
'Cause on judgment day, you gon' blame me
Look, God—it's the same me
And I basically know now, we get racially profiled
'Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and ho'd down
Plus, I got a whole city to hold down
From the bottom, so the top's the only place to go now

[Chorus: Kanye West & Harlem Boys Choir]
Now throw your hands up (Throw your hands up high)
Hustlers, busters, boosters, hoes
Everybody—fuck that
Still nowhere to go
Still nowhere to go

[Verse 3: Freeway]
Two words: Freeway; two letters: A-R
Turn y'all rap niggas to two words: fast runners
Like Jackie Joyner, you better sleep with your burner
The heat skeet, blow a reef through your car, my God
Two words: no guns, break arms
Break necks, break backs, Steven Seagal
Free, young boss, freshman of the Roc
With the beef in the pot, Jay sent for his dogs to brawl
Forget your squad, better 'fend for yourself
Have you screamin' out four words: "Send for the law," ugh
Two words: Freeway, slightly retarded
Fuck around, throw a clip in your artist, leave with his broad

[Outro: Mos Def & Harlem Boys Choir]
Red, white, blue, black (Throw your hands up)
Calm down, move back
Motherfuckers askin', "Who is that?"
You know it's the almighty Black Jack
Mos Def, K. West
Ghetto people, get this shit off your chest
North to the south, to the east, to the west
Black Jack Johnson, it's no contest
(High) And show it to 'em like

[Intro: Lupe Fiasco]
I present...
The death...
Of The Cool

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
(Die!) Well, I heard like groups of cows
That all your enemies wanna shoot you down
They got AK-47s and a bunch of Mac-11s
Semi-automatic weapons that produce ka-pows
Word on the street is they all got heaters
They gon' hit you up, you ain't even gonna see it
You got a lot of money, I ain't tryna be funny
But they say where you goin', you ain't even gonna need it
(Die!) I seen you ridin' round, shinin' with your fine round
Diamonds, pretty green eyed lady
Been on the sideline, plottin' while you primetime, poppin'
Hungry niggas want a piece of your pastry
I suggest you protect your bakery
'Cause they comin' for your head
And there's a bounty on the chain
That's hangin' from your neck, you see

[Hook: Lupe Fiasco]
I don't know what you been told
In your ear, but I hear it's goin' down
Somebody gotta (Die!)
Know, oh, what you been told in your ear
But here's what's goin' round
Somebody gotta (Die!)

[Verse 2: GemStones]
Hit a nigga, put the mini Mac strap, clap
Any nigga think he gettin' G's down here
Enemy to any nigga gettin' money on my honey
Man, I heard Michael Young is the real clown here
Run upon a nigga from the back with a Mac
Gon' be strapped 'cause a nigga finna squeeze off ten
Run upon this nigga 'Lac, rat-a-tat-tat
Click-clack, where this nigga at? I needs in
Shit is going down if ever I see him
Rub a nigga out like Oxy 10
And keep a couple of dollars up in the wallet
To pay the coppers so they can never box me in
(Die!) That's what I'm thinkin' 'bout
Ridin' around polishin' this big pistol
I'ma catch him in the wind, pray the gun don't jam
So, until we meet again, nigga, it's cool

[Hook: Lupe Fiasco]
I don't know what you been told
In your ear, but I hear it's goin' down
Somebody gotta (Die!)
Know, oh, what you been told in your ear
But here's what's goin' round
Somebody gotta (Die!)

[Spoken (over Chorus): Lupe Fiasco]
Man, man
You just need to—
You just need to relax, man, trust me

[Verse 3: Lupe Fiasco and GemStones]
Don't pay them niggas no mind, they hatin' on you
Ain't nobody with a shotty out plannin' to do a robbery
Itchin' to catch a body
Creepin' in a stolen jaloppy out there waitin' on you
I'm sittin' in this stolen car, finna rob this nigga
Should I let the mini-Mac or the shotgun hit him?
I been waitin' all day tryna spot this nigga
I can't let him get away, I'ma pop this nigga, UGH!
Plus, they don't know about the chopper in the trunk
The Glocks in the box and the nine on tuck
The bulletproof glass, the 40 in the stash
I pull the steering wheel and it pop on up
40 caliber stashed up in this cash box
Bulletproof windows, you couldn't break 'em with a padlock
AK in the trunk, where the sounds bump
Two twin Glock 40's, and a 9 in his damn crotch
Man... (Die!)
We finna go up in this club, show a little love
Get a few drinks, holler at some girls
Snatch up a pair, leave outta there
Put some dro' in the air, then go and get some grub
They finna go up in the club, show a little love
Get a few drinks, holler at some girls
Snatch up a pair, leave outta there
Put some dro in the air, then catch a few slugs
Ayy, ayyy, pull over right here, I gotta take a pee
And don't go nowhere, nigga, wait for me
And if some niggas do kill you in the next few minutes
Just remember, my nigga, it's a heaven for a G

[Outro: Lupe Fiasco and Gemstones]

[Lupe Fiasco]
Ay, ay hold this right there
I'll be, I'll be right back--I gotta take a piss man hold on
Fa sho. Ay man, ay don't leave i'll be right back
Ay don't leave i'll be back

[GemStones]
Hurry your ass up man. Damn
Coolest nigga what, coolest nigga what, coolest nigga what
Hustla for life!
Ay man, nigga hurry your ass up. Shit
I'mma cool ass nigga man
Fuckin' three in the mornin'
I'm the coolest muthafucka in the world, man
Niggas ain't fuckin' with me man
Nigga i'm high, smokin'. Fly ass car
I run these muthafuckin' streets, and these niggas out here lookin' for me
Man i wish a muthafucka' would...
Ay, nigga hurry your ass up, nigga! Damn

[footsteps and a gun cocking]

[Other voice]
Whats up now nigga?
Ain't too cool now is you nigga?

[Intro: Lupe Fiasco]
Roc-A-Fella
1st and...!
Jay! Lupe!
Yeah! Ugh!

[Verse 1: Lupe Fiasco]
And so it seems that I'm sewing jeans
And 1st and 15th is just a sewing machine
So I cut the pattern and I sew its seams and
Button in this hustling, then, publicly, I'm Buddy Lee
There's no busting them
And cuffing them is like ushering in the regime
They want me to make Prince pants
But I withstand, I ain't gotten into that
A little big in the waist, two-pocket on the back
Call them Lu-vi's, old jeans covered in blue dye (Woo!)
Give 'em the game, that's like giving chocolate to the fat
Look: how you think I got here?
That's the same game that came through where I lived as a kid
In the bad luck truck and threw boxes off the back
Made me a ripper, deliver like river
Content a lil' more thicker, slicker, yeah!
And they said oil and water don't mix
Now they all down at the beach, washing off the fish
Was Blackbeard 'til I brought the Roc into your ships
Yeah!

[Chorus: GemStones]
It's my life (My life)
Everything I do I do for you (I do it all for you)
Everything I say, you know it's the truth (I'll say it is the truth)
I'll take all the pressure off of you (Take pressure off of you)
I'll take the pressure off of you

[Verse 2: Lupe Fiasco]
Yeah! Uhh, it's hella proper (proper)
'Cause it sag so low you can see boxer—like a boxer's
That's the way that the family's pants worn
Don't be sly and try and put 'em on
The stones in the pocket'll drag you down to Davy Jones' locker
Beware if you wanna rock the Knickerbocker
Other nigga from the block what, they was selling O's
Like Wheel of Fortune, of imported cocaine
Just to feel important, it was "Do or Die"
They was tired of being "Po' Pimps," not for sure (Sure)
That was just a product of my common sense (Sense)
I guess, I was just guessing like the consonants
Momma said, "Beware of what the devil do"
"Tell 'em that your soul's not for sale like the Ws"
So go 'head and pirate the highest
Cannons make you leak like, pirated my shh...
It's no shh.. it's just shh like quiet
And big homie's out of retirement, nigga
Yessir!

[Chorus: GemStones & Jay-Z]
It's my life (My life)
Everything I do I do for you (I do it all for you)
Everything I say, you know it's the truth (I'll say it is the truth)
I'll take all the pressure off of you (Take pressure off of you)
Unh!
I'll take (Young!) the pressure off of you
Unh!

[Verse 3: Jay-Z]
So the pen is mightier than the sword, my Lord
My first picture was a line-up, now I'm on the Forbes (Unh)
And I still remain the artiste through thees all
If you force my hand, I'll be forced to draw (Hahaha)
If the war calls for Warhols
Hope you got enough space on your hall's walls
I make niggas murals, then escape the Bureau's investigation
Out in Europe on vacation
I'm back for these puppies with the pound, boy (Rrrrra!)
Here's a round, boy (Rrrra! Rrrra!), down, boy
Sound boy, you don't wanna sound-clash; loud noise
Leave niggas paranoid if not paralyzed
Which means you can't walk in my shoes
Too much green; you can't talk in my hue
Extend the team, nigga, holla at Lu'
1st and 15th, that's my cue
I'm through

[Chorus: GemStones]
It's my life (My life)
Everything I do I do for you (I do it all for you)
Everything I say, you know it's the truth (I'll say it is the truth)
I'll take all the pressure off of you (Take pressure off of you)
I'll take the pressure off of you

[Intro]
Ahh! You sick asshole, let me go
Somebody please! Help!
Oh my God, please help me! Oh
"It fits perfect"

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Better watch out, sucker, now I got you where I want ya
Onslaught coming and I'm packing in my lunch-a
Bunch of missile launchers and a bunch of contra–
–band, van full of ganja, now come on, jump
Man, stop moshin' Marshall; oh my God, ya
Doing the cha-cha and the Cucaracha with a quadra–
–plegic, boogying down to Frank Sinatra
Lindsay to the Lohan, lick it while you let me watch ya
Who'da knew the Buddha'd do to me what it's done?
Such cynicism when there’s izm in my system
Blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lips, son
So much on my hands, I got to give my kids a fist bump
Christo–pher Reeves swimmin' in my swim trunks
"Mister – Help me" is what he said to me and then sunk
Women, skinning them and cutting them up in chunks
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin, once

[Chorus]
Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Always, you can see him lurkin' in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place?
Hide 'em in the wall, well, how long will the drywall take?
Well, fuck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait
Until it dries, for the moment, I guess you're all safe
After I sand it and buff it, I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't
Now here I come again, damn stomach rumbling
You can even hear the evil spirits coming from within
Someone's in the back of my damn house, rummaging
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want her skin
Vinn, on the hunt again, when will it ever end?
Evelyn, why you trying to fight? You will never win
Severin' legs, arms; damn, there goes another limb
Pull the lever then; trap door, death is evident

[Chorus]
Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Now what you know about Buffalo Bill? Nothin', so chill
Fuckin' ho, you better fuckin' hold still
Make sure none of that lotion in the bucket don't spill
Cut 'em, gut 'em, and just get to stuffin' those girls
Man, I think she had enough of those pills
Sedate her, then I wait, I come back later
Just-a clutching those steel
Blades, baby, when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin' told you!
I keep hearing voices like
"Wouldn't ya like to go and get your butcher knife
And push it right through her
While you put ya shish kebab skewers into her
Barbecue her, would you do to her what you usually do
To a girl whose skin's newer?"
(In a world of sin you are, this is turning into a
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are)
I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya
Boo-yah! Who ya think you're fucking with?
Duck, because here he comes again

[Chorus]
Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill

[Intro]
He's meaaaan, and vicious

[Verse 1]
(Uh!) I can't believe he's that rude
To those stories, those rhymes, that Jew
Then he put 'em on the floor like cat food
And put 'em on the track like glue
Then put 'em on your head like hat, hey back to you, Lu
Black power, I'm just runnin' with a barrel full of black powder
With a hole in it holdin' it wheezin' deep, breathin'
Runnin' from the fire on the trail I keep leavin'
I can't shake it, I swear it's heat seekin', I keep seekin'
Somewhere to hide from it, duck and dive from it
But it keep keepin' up, just when I think that I've done it
It keep sneakin' up, oh, leakin' barrel of black powder
How that flame keep reachin' us?
Just one of the long-winded, extended metaphors of Lu's
This time I use an example of a fuse to demonstrate
How I can't lose, I would put it down
But I can't due to the glue that I use to fuse
Everything together, well, I spilt some on my hands
And goddamn, I might have to carry this forever
Well I'm crazy to the game till they bury me insane

[Hook]
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
Of Chicago, liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was prone to bang
Doin' his thang, doin' his thang
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
Of Chicago liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was known to bang like
Doin' his thang, doin' his thang

[Verse 2]
Truthfully, I have trouble with second verses
Cause the first one be so intimidatin', it be bullyin'
Pickin on it, instigatin', pointin' out all the second one's limitations
Like, "You ain't nothin but a imitation, like, bits o' bacon
Then he gets the chorus and the beat to get together
Then they all gang up on him and get to hatin'
But then around the eighth bar he tires of their conspirin'
Commiseratin, then he finds his inspiration
To spar, he takes a few seconds of judo lessons
Gets back on beat, then punches the guitar
They stand in awe, like, "When did you write that?"
They ain't even right, black, first verse already happened
So he don't have a chance to fight back, I like that
Abagnale Junior, check me, you gon' respect me
Aight, 'Trakk, listen to him, feelin' himself
Swagger up and a few ad-libs to back it up (woo!)
Let's back it up, I think you've had enough
Give me my mic back, you ain't even write that
Oh, it's like that?, 'Trakk, stop pumpin'
'Til this nigga stop frontin',, yeah, yeah, now right back

[Hook]
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
Of Chicago, liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was prone to bang
Doin' his thang, doin' his thang
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
Of Chicago liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was known to bang like
Doin' his thang, doin' his thang

[Verse 3]
Oh my God, my perils and my odds
I ain't really here, what you hear is a mirage
This ain't the delivery, baby, this is just Lamaze
The ice cream and pickles, the tickle and a massage
The King Arthur, rhythm of the night, El DeBarge
The camouflage water in the distance, flogging a camel
To get there with the quickness, mean and vicious
Grinch Who Stole Christmas and hid it in the garage
That was a collage, a barrage, I brought all things
That seem keen to help this thing start
Jump, jump, my battery charge
I'm bout my green like string beans and beings from Mars
Its a mean thing to be seen with ours
Got that F&F on me, I'm a young lil' thriller
I will resurrect, homie, come back for my killa
In some disheveled apparel with that same leakin' barrel, it's on

[Hook]
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
Of Chicago, liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was prone to bang
Doin' his thang, doin' his thang
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side
Of Chicago liked his hat to the left side
Wasn't in a gang but he was known to bang like
Doin' his thang, doin' his thang

[Outro]
It's meaaaaan, and vicious

[Intro: Obie Trice]
Obie Trice, real name, no gimmicks (*record scratch*)

[Refrain 1: Eminem]
Two trailer park girls go 'round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside
Two trailer park girls go round the outside
'Round the outside, 'round the outside

[Refrain 2: Eminem]
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back

[Verse 1: Eminem]
I've created a monster, 'cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more; they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
Well, if you want Shady, this what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart quicker
Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not co-operating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating (Hey!)
You waited this long, now stop debating
'Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me, so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So, come on and dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that, cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, 'cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits, fuck you, Debbie!

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

[Verse 2: Eminem]
Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed, their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners, helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells, "Bitch!"
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, polluting the airwaves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass (*smack*)​​
And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass—you asked for me?
Well, I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and then I'm gonna
Enter in, and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing, "Attention please"
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my ten cents; my two cents is free
A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me?

[Chorus: Eminem]
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me
'Cause we need a little controversy
'Cause it feels so empty without me

[Verse 3: Eminem]
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit-for-tat with
Anybody who's talking "This shit, that shit"
Chris Kirkpatr