
Boy, I expose the truth in lies (Yup)
Cross me and get crucified, no shootin' five
War's on, that bazooka rise, get neutralized
Shoot five times five, watch you divide
In a sheet like the sheik ridin' through Dubai (Yup)
Game back in a chokehold, the noose was tied (Ayy)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Suicide, it's a suicide
Tell 'em seek and you will find 'cause I'ma lose my mind
Kick a nigga ass, then give him my shoes to shine
It's do or die, I come from where we used to crime
The Uzi 9 more important than school supplies, the pools is dry
My niggas and the food is fried, the news is lies
The pigeons is too spooked to fly, the rules denied
All the toughest goons is mine, that's Tunechi's slimes
They kill you and go do the time, we unified
Young Money revolutionized the new design
We had to leave the flukes behind and supersize
The numbers through the roof and sky
Don't look too surprised, look through the lines
We makin' moves and strides, grooves and vibes
I'm too alive, these hoes need to be supervised
They put on a cute disguise, you grooms is blind
She get dick and an Uber ride, number two with fries, I'm pimpin'
Now, who am I? I'm who and why
I'm rude and kind, my cars are computerized
I'm cruisin' by, smokin' blunts Ruben size
You fools can try, these tools getting utilized, you euthanized
Brrt, skrrt, shoot, then drive
Now, who survived? We comin' back to rewind
I'm usually high, sippin' on the Houston wine
Feel humanized, I want my throne to recline
Jackie red, Julie blonde, they Cuban fine
I bruise they spine, I leave and they snooze 'til nine
Superglued to the grind, my crew my tribe
These bitches try to divide, we too divine
Got the drugs to provide the coolest highs
The greenest green and the white with the bluest eyes
The syrup and the juice collide, the two combine like suits and ties
Magic, poof, goodbye

[Outro: Juelz Santana]
Smoke good weed
It's bloody mary if you fuck with me
Yeah, them boys back around
Bitch, we ride, then fire
It's do or die
Smoke good weed
It's bloody mary if you fuck with me
Yeah, them boys back around
Bitch, we ride, then fire
It's do or die
Smoke good weed

[Intro: T-Pain]
(Yeah, boop boop , yeah, boop)
If we gon' be Florida niggas, let's be Florida these days, know what I'm talkin' about?
(Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
We all roll together nigga

[Chorus 1: T-Pain]
You can't kill me, nigga, I swear that I've been died before (bitch)
God told me that I was gon' be here back in '94 (bitch)
Chevrolet got that motor (bitch)
Diamonds all on my molars (bitch)
Parkin' lot, I lift the door up (bitch)
Got your bitch snortin' Coca-Cola (bitch, bitch, bitch)
I can't even roll in peace (why?), all my cars orange and green
I can't even go to sleep (why?), your bitch keep blowin' me (yah)
I rep that shit from the eight-thousand-fifty down to the Florida Keys (yah)
Set my nigga Kodak free (why?), that ain't where he supposed to be (oh yeah)
Niggas must wanna bleed (ooh), they don't wanna play my beat (ooh)
Niggas ain't rats where I'm from (why?) so they don't fuck with my cheese (nah)
Every Florida nigga comin' up, that is that shit that I like to see (oh yeah)
Every Florida nigga sayin' that they the only Florida nigga
That shit don't sound right to me (nah), my niggas gon' blast for me (yeah)

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
If you talk that blasphemy (yeah), blastin' a fuck nigga head off (woah)
That shit is a blast for me (yeah), so why you ain't show me?
All the pussy niggas talkin' shit that don't know me
Before me and Kodak roll through slowly
Holding a .44 ting at four in the morning (ooh)
I'm about to switch my hoe up (why?)
'Cause everyone seem startin' to throw up
Gotta hit a lick, can't mess up (why?)
I know she 'boutta run my check up (ohh)
I'm her baby papi (ohh)
I'm her baby daddy (ohh)
She in love with a Florida nigga, she don't wanna leave Tallahassee

[Chorus 2: T-Pain]
You can't kill me, nigga, I swear that I've been died before (bitch)
God told me that I was gon' be here back in '94 (bitch)
Chevrolet got that motor (bitch)
Diamonds all on my molars (bitch)
Parkin' lot, I lift the door up (bitch)
Got your bitch snortin' Coca-Cola (bitch, bitch, bitch)
I can't even roll in peace (why?), all my cars orange and green
I can't even go to sleep (why?), your bitch keep blowin' me (yah)
I rep that shit from the 850 down to the Florida Keys (yah)
Set my nigga Kodak free (why?), that ain't where he supposed to be (oh yeah)
Niggas must wanna bleed (ooh), they don't wanna play my beat (ooh)
Niggas ain't rats where I'm from (why?) so they don't fuck with my cheese (nah)
Every Florida nigga comin' up, that is that shit that I like to see (oh yeah)
Every Florida nigga sayin' that they the only Florida nigga
That shit don't sound right to me (nah), my niggas gon' blast for me (yeah)

[Verse 2: Travis Scott]
Yeah, thought you gon' ride for me (yeah)
You my little Tesla V (skrrt, skrrt)
Spent that hunnid on jeans
That's how much I believe
Uh, every day Halloween (alright)
But we don't trick and treat (straight up)
Count deads in my dreams (cash)
Can't even fall asleep (yah)
Pop on ya, send the opps on ya
Hollow clips in magazines
RoboCops on ya, rainin' shots on ya
Drop your top off with that bean
Mix it one-handed, please (it's lit)
Mix it right, dirty tea
It's only gonna bring me peace (straight up)
Don't leave my cup, that's for me

[Chorus 3: T-Pain]
You can't kill me, nigga, I swear that I've been died before (bitch)
God told me that I was gon' be here back in '94 (bitch)
Chevrolet got that motor (bitch)
Diamonds all on my molars (bitch)
Parkin' lot, I lift the door up (bitch)
Got your bitch snortin' Coca-Cola (bitch, bitch, bitch)
I can't even roll in peace (why?), all my cars orange and green
I can't even go to sleep (why?), your bitch keep blowin' me (yah)
I rep that shit from the 850 down to the Florida Keys (yah)
Set my nigga Kodak free (why?), that ain't where he supposed to be (oh yeah)
Niggas must wanna bleed (ooh), they don't wanna play my beat (ooh)
Niggas ain't rats where I'm from (why?) so they don't fuck with my cheese (nah)
Every Florida nigga comin' up, that is that shit that I like to see (oh yeah)
Every Florida nigga sayin' that they the only Florida nigga
That shit don't sound right to me (nah), my niggas gon' blast for me (yeah)

[Verse 1: Adam Levine]
Dirty looks from your mother
Never seen you in a dress that color, no
It's a special occasion
Not invited, but I'm glad I made it, oh

[Pre-Chorus: Adam Levine]
Let me apologize
I'll make up, make up, make up, make up for all those times
Your love, I don't wanna lose
I'm beggin', beggin', beggin', beggin', I'm beggin' you

[Chorus: Adam Levine]
Wait, can you turn around, can you turn around?
Just wait, can we work this out, can we work this out?
Just wait, can you come here please? 'Cause I wanna be with you
Wait, can you turn around, can you turn around?
Just wait, can we work this out, can we work this out?
Just wait, could you come here please? 'Cause I wanna be with you

[Verse 2: Adam Levine]
Can we talk for a moment?
Got these feelings that I'm tired of holdin' on
Wasn't tryna get wasted
I needed more than three or four to say this, oh

[Pre-Chorus: Adam Levine]
Let me apologize, yeah
I'll make up, make up, make up, make up for all those times (all those times)
Your love, I don't wanna lose
I'm beggin', beggin', beggin', beggin', I'm begging you

[Chorus: Adam Levine]
Wait, can you turn around, can you turn around?
Just wait, can we work this out, can we work this out?
Just wait, can you come here please? 'Cause I wanna be with you
Wait, can you turn around, can you turn around?
Just wait, can we work this out, can we work this out?
Just wait, could you come here please? 'Cause I wanna be with you

[Verse 3: A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie]
Wait, can we work this out?
I've been thinkin' out loud all day
Don't let me down
Can't live without my bae
And she wanna leave, but I think it's easier
If you let me be
You should come and see me, girl
Just think about it, girl
You should know I still think about you, yeah
I know you're into diamonds
I can tell you everything defined in you
But I'm like...

[Chorus: Adam Levine]
Wait, can you turn around, can you turn around?
Just wait, can we work this out, can we work this out?
Just wait, can you come here please?
'Cause I wanna be with you
Wait, can you turn around, can you turn around?
Just wait, can we work this out, can we work this out?
Just wait, could you come here please?
'Cause I wanna be with you

[Intro: Justin Timberlake]
Say something, say something
No, no, no
Say something, say something
Say something
(Let's do it)

[Breakdown: Justin Timberlake]
Say something, say, say something
Sa-sa-say something, say something
Say something, oh
No, no, no, no
Sa-sa-say something
Say, say something, say something
Say something, no-no-no, no, no
Say something, say something
Say something

[Interlude: Justin Timberlake]
Oh, yeah, alright
Ooh

[Verse 1: Justin Timberlake]
Everyone knows all about my direction and in my heart somewhere
I wanna go there, but still I don't go there

[Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
Everybody says "say something"
Say something, say something
Let's say something, say something
I don't wanna get caught up in the rhythm of it
When I can't help myself, no, I can't help myself, no, no
Caught up in the rhythm of it
No I can't help myself, no I can't help myself, no, no
Caught up in the rhythm of it

[Post-Chorus: Justin Timberlake]
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have

[Verse 2: Chris Stapleton]
Everyone knows all about my transgression
Still in my heart somewhere, in melody and harmony
For you and me, tonight
Whoa
I hear them call my name

[Chorus: Chris Stapleton]
Everybody says "say something"
Say something, say something
Say something, say something
I don't want to get caught up in the rhythm of it
But I can't get help myself, no I can't help myself, no, no
Caught up in the rhythm of it
No I can't help myself, no I can't help myself, no, no
Caught up in the rhythm of it

[Post-Chorus: Justin Timberlake & (Chris Stapleton)]
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have (maybe I'm looking something that I can't have)
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have (maybe I'm looking something that I can't have)
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have (maybe I'm looking something that I can't have)

[Bridge: Justin Timberlake & Chris Stapleton]
Sometimes the greatest the way to say something is to say nothing at all
Sometimes the greatest the way to say something is to say nothing at all
Sometimes the greatest the way to say something is to say nothing (uh, 1, 2, 3)

[Chorus 2: Justin Timberlake & Choir]
No I can't help myself, no I can't help myself, no, no
Caught up in the rhythm of it
No I can't help myself, no I can't help myself, no, no
Caught up in the rhythm of it

[Post-Chorus: Justin Timberlake & (Chris Stapleton)]
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have (maybe I'm looking something that I can't have)
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have (maybe I'm looking something that I can't have)
Maybe I'm looking something that I can't have (maybe I'm looking something that I can't have)

[Bridge: Justin Timberlake & Chris Stapleton]
Sometimes the greatest the way to say something is to say nothing at all
Sometimes the greatest the way to say something is to say nothing at all
Sometimes the greatest the way to say something is to say nothing

[Verse 1: Meek Mill]
Cuban Linx and kilos, we might get the rico
Pull up on a sucka, take his bitch like I was Deebo
Got the .45 in the 6, call it Cee-Lo
Buyin' bottles with your cop money, nacho cheese Dorito (hol up!)
All of my niggas official as fuck
Big ass Mulsanne like I'm whippin' the truck
I'm sippin' Ciroc while I'm sittin' with Puff
And talkin' 'bout business with Jigga at lunch
That's cray, that's cray, new toys, lets play
I brought Spades, with the Dusse, like poof, let's trade
I must say, I get money, fuck ho, don't pay
And I ball, in the clutch, Ray Al, for that tre
And I ride, for the Ye, West side, Kim K
White girl, through The Bay, my hood, I'm Mac Dre
Bitch, if money talks why you niggas never say shit?
If sky's the limit, why I'm ridin' in a spaceship?
My money talkin' and my Rollie never tickin' niggas
Five pull this TEC, blow the whistle, I'm official nigga

[Chorus: Joyner Lucas & Timbaland]
I'm feeling a way...
Whoa, run it, run it, run it, whoa
This is what we do
Run it, run it, run it, run it, yeah

[Verse 2: Joyner Lucas]
My bitch look like Halle, my bitch look like Kylie
Your bitch don't look happy, none of ya'll hoes can have me
Can't touch me, can't touch this, MC Hammer with the swaggy
Can't cuff me, can't function, bitch, I don't want to get married
They ain't ever want me on payroll, they ain't ever want me have say-so
Always had a crush on J-Lo, thought I was the man 'til my chain broke
I was so broke can't change clothes, you don't keep it real, you a lame-o
You don't make a move 'til I say so, when I get loose, anythin' goes
Money in the motherfuckin' mattress
They was tryna take it, but I need to get away
I think I'm trippin' 'cause a nigga never had it
I never had a way, I think I struggled every day
Talkin' to God, I'm hopin' he could do some magic
Hopin' to get paid and then take all my stress away
And I could finally buy a motherfuckin' mansion
Then move my friends in, and get Benzs
'Cause this shit sound like sci-fi, I ain't ever had no wifi
I grew up where the guns went- (pow pow), almost got killed in a drive-by
Stay in your biz, don't mind mines, I'm in your top five's top five
Can't touch this nigga, why try? Gimme yo shit or you might die

[Chorus: Joyner Lucas]
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, wait, hold up, yo, look

[Verse 3: Joyner Lucas]
Your shit sound like bubble gum, popcorn, Starburst, chocolate, gum drop
Cupcake, milkshake, Lean Bake, candy cane, rainbow
Your shit sound like summer time, playground, third grade
Ice cream, fun pop
Reese's, Hershey's, swirly, lemonade, mango
Momma thought I was retarded, Daddy thought I was lethargic
They said I wasn't the smartest, Grammy knew I was an artist
All of y'all niggas is trash, go throw your shit in the garbage
I threw your shit in the ocean, I hope it swim with the starfish
I remember when you wouldn't fuck with me
Ain't nobody wanna ride the bus with me
Ain't nobody wanna share lunch with me
Family couldn't keep in touch with me
Now they all can't get enough of me
Now they want to fly with me in luxury
Same hoes never want to let me hit
Now they all want to bust nuts for me
Name another nigga poppin' than me?
I never been cocky, but they don't want a problem with me
And fuck all these haters that wanna take a dollar from me
Nigga fuck any rapper, yo I don't need a counter with me
Ain't nobody wasn't lookin' for me, they was hidin' from me
All of them was countin' me out, now they countin' on me
I'm so motherfuckin' hot that the wind is a sauna to me
Right before I pull the trigger and beggin' that God forgive me, I said

[Chorus: Joyner Lucas]
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, run it, whoa
Run it, run it, wait, hold up, look

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah
Aww Yeahhhhh
Whoooo
Hey!

[Hook]
I know you done have a lot of niggas spend money on you
You super cute so I get it
Now I know why all these bitches acting funny on you
Let me tell you what baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, huh
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, oh nah baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, oh yeah baby
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash
Oh lawd looky here, looky here baby

[Verse 1]
See I know you been lied to (you been lied to yeah)
You know you want to ride that dick
So imma give you something you could ride to
Oh yeah baby ride that shit
They say that I'm the truth and the sad news
I blow your back like the roof on a 'lac do
Matter of fact I just might just bring the Cadillac through it
You gone let me do whatever hoops let Shaq do
This ain't... (Hey)
None of that regular
What some money for that head I could settle huh
Ohhh
She too tired
Face in the pillow she just forget the money
It's whatever bruh
Whoa

[Bridge]
Baby you so use to fucking with them other niggas
You ain't fucking with no winners
Then you wonder why you lose
Cause you ain't moving right and imma show you here

[Hook]
I know you done have a lot of niggas spend money on you
You super cute so I get it
Now I know why all these bitches acting funny on you
Let me tell you what baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, huh
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, oh nah baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, oh yeah baby
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash
Oh yeah looky here baby

[Verse 2]
They said your attitude stank
Bitch you try to microwave fish
You think you fine but you ain't
That body suit looking like a bag full of bricks
They say that I'm the truth in the city, hoe
And you can't handle the truth, you a silly hoe
Every bitch that's in my crew got a billy hoe
So walk away now and I could let you down gently hoe
This ain't nun of them square ass niggas
Tell them holla at me, we could square up nigga
We can do it right now, put your bread up nigga
Choppa down, three rounds, keep your head up nigga (yeah)

[Bridge]
Baby you so use to fucking with them other niggas
You ain't fucking with no winners
Then you wonder why you lose
Cause you ain't moving right and imma show you here

[Hook]
I know you done have a lot of niggas spend money on you
You super cute so I get it
Now I know why all these bitches acting funny on you
Let me tell you what baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, huh
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, oh nah baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, oh yeah baby
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash
Oh nah baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, oh yeah baby
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash
Oh nah baby
This ain't that, that, that, that, that, that, oh yeah baby
That shit trash, trash, trash, trash, trash, trash

[Intro: DJ Drama & Lil Wayne]
Gangster, gangster
(DatPiff dot com, world premiere) Okay
Yeah
I'm reloaded (gangster grizzils)
Trill outchea
So after D6, I text Weezy
It's rough
I say, now it's time for a vacation
Guess the iPhone autocorrected
And he thought I said "now it's time for a Dedication."
Now you want it? 'Cause we gon' bring it y'all
So now y'all got a twenty pack
What's your address?
You're welcome
And not your email address neither
D6: Reloaded
Front door, leggo
A Dedication!

[Verse]
Looking in the mirror, all I see is money
Bop-bop, but if I was blind, all I hear is runnin'
Plug went to jail Saturday, 'posed to meet him Sunday
He said his bitch flushed the work, time to do some plumbin'
Gotta love the way we comin' though, we keep it comin'
Wolves never cry wolf and you could feed us onions
Pledge allegiance to the region that's beneath and under
The southside from your blind side, Stevie Wonder
Hunger Games, ain't no games when we speakin' hunger
We greedy fuckers, eat your supper, pick our teeth, and mug you
The pockets bustin' out the muscle, bitch, I'm bleedin' blubber
And I been drunk and I can't trust you 'cause I'm seein' double
And I been ballin' like the Rucker, nigga, triple-double
And now it's war, and they want peace, but it won't fix the puzzle
You drop the ball, if you a beast you won't be quick to fumble
If I'm too deep then get a bigger shovel, dig a tunnel
If you a beast then that bitch can't get a nickel from you
I'm the only one that speak when we in the huddle
Make a pussy nigga leak, then jump in the puddle
We comin' deep to your street, 'bout to rent a shuttle
Every day of the week, if I hit the streets, I gotta hit a hustle
Every day of the week I gotta get loaded—Lordy, skip the bufferin'!
I got it made, and with that said, I gotta tip the butler
I like my bitches mustard, business hushed, and Bentleys custom
Bitches sufferin' 'cause the system fucked 'em, now they fuckin'
They can't hide their battle scars but they can hide their stomachs
Niggas like Niagara Falls how their mouths are runnin'
But we making caviar out of flounders, guppies
Stand tall, but I'm a munchkin to my pile of money
Got down and dug it, found a nugget, made a mountain of it
Don't need a crown, gown, or nothing; I'm the king of subject
Chocolate, brown, cream, and fudgie, and I'm peanut buttery
Fuck the fuckery, I go skullduggery, it get ugly
Niggas thuggin', we got babies smugglin' in their Huggies
Niggas jugglin' different kind of drugs, Feds strugglin'
Sippin' Actavis, activist like Fred Douglass
Goodnight, sleep tight, watch the bed buggies
She give me ass, she give me head, I call it head-buttin'
Walk in a room full of buttons, press the red button
Blow this bitch to shreds, get my skateboard and shred somethin'
Lead pumpin', you dead, pumpkin
Go 'head, dump 'em, redrum 'em
Goin' hard in the paint, Andre Drummond
Headhuntin', Good Will Huntin', still stuntin'
All or nothin', Warren G to Warren Buffett
Stormin', floodin', lightnin', thunderin'
Carter comin', like karma comin'
My bitch pussy's the warmest oven
Need morning lovin'
She foreign, Donald might bomb her country
Thick as fuck, no panties when she got on her onesie
Whoa
Time to get this paper though
You ape or ho?
Bitches in line to get this snake fo' sho'
We take the dough if they don't pay the dough
And that's fo' sho'
We make 'em vegetables, and we don't even like vegetables
These niggas extra broke, we break a nigga down to decimals
We up in México to see the plug, and not electrical
High cholesterol, you niggas salty, I'm the pepper though
Your bitch ain't half a ho, she wanna be in my next episode
I'm a steppin' stone
And that .380, that's my chaperone
It blow like saxophone
And when the smoke clear I'ma stand alone
I'm from the terrordome
Yeah, that's New Orleans, home of methadone
Cops on megaphones
It's so much bad luck, ain't no leprechauns
I been called a stone, pocket full of stones
On the corner moving stones, Papa was a rolling stone
I'm so stoned, in this bitch, waitin' on Babylon
Bible on the dresser, next to the gun and Tylenol, silence off
Spike a bitch drink, like volleyball
Olive Oyl skinny bitches can't get in the ride at all
Not at all
I'm involved in a real private war, time to brawl
Niggas don't want Lil Tune to take these diamonds off
I'ma talk crazy to a deaf nigga, these niggas blind
I'ma still throw up my set, nigga, steel toe in your chest, nigga
"Hell no" to a yes-nigga, "Fuckin' right" to a bad bitch
She can fuck around and get her ass licked
Still can't get her ass kissed
Black fist, middle finger to taxes, the police and their actions
I'm still pickin' out mansions
Still dickin' down such-and-such, still fuckin' with so-and-so
Still fuckin' my bitch's friends, never fuck my woadie ho
Still talkin' about Hollygrove, still talkin' about coke and dope
On the set in that OVO, on the jet in that OVO
I don't threaten, I go for broke, wanna step and go toe to toe?
No bullshit at this rodeo, and all my clips Pinocchio
Tunechi, bitch, for nothing, drops mic

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Well, I can't technically 'cause it's connected
But, but, you get the expression, Mula
Welcome, thank you for joining
Dedication 6, this some sick shit
Umm, first of all, I wanna thank Drama for doing this shit again, and always doing this shit for his dawg. My nigga, one time. Thank everybody involved, everybody involved. My team, my team is my fam. Everybody who put they fingerprints on this shit, 'preciate everybody
So the definition of Dedication has changed for me since the first one, since the second one, since the third one, whatever. It's because, umm, whenever I put it out, umm, it's life. And since I don't write none of my shit, I'm coming from the head. And what happens is, when you rap so long or when you do it so long, all the things in your head, you done used up. So what happens is you gotta start using something else and coming from somewhere else, and that somewhere else is ten times out of ten your heart. And, umm, that's what this Dedication 6 project is
But, uh, yeah, the definition is always different because I'm always going through something at that time of my life, you know what I mean. I prolly was fucking your bitch on Dedication 4, and the whole fucking shit was dedicated to her, you know what I mean. I dunno. Whichever one that wasn't, that didn't do as well as all of the rest of them, that was definitely the one that was dedicated to her

[Hook 1: Lil Wayne & Stephanie Acevedo]
You can throw up peace, I'm throwin' squad up
Had to get the dreads bleached, the James Blonde look
I'm 'bout to put my hands on her like E. Honda
She walkin' around in a Young Money Tee without a bottom
She squad
It's a Secret society, these niggas tiny, I'll be your body
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team
From the rooftops

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Young Tune winnin' now
You know I been winnin' then and now anyhow
Anyway, don't start no shit if you can't finish loud
I've been away, I've been around
I've been busy doin' business
Mind your business 'fore I shut your fuckin' business down
She say my lyrics like a lifeline when she down
She checkin' bitches off my timeline when she down
But all them bitches on the sideline, out of bounds
Watchin' us play around

[Verse 2: Stephanie Acevedo]
Stephanie and Weezy now
The birds birds birds are you singing now?
They gonna' keep a lil Puerto-rican out
A lil' souvenir gotta get me now
Haul ass on a bitch all in the fast lane
Turn Xan on your bitch you are just Plain Jane
I just laugh at the shit with my bad bitch gang (gang gang)
Cause' you ain't a bad bitch without a YM chain

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I second that shit you ain't lyin' that's game
I tell your nigga meet me outside in the rain
I shoot him up like a hundred times then again
Again and again, are you not entertained?
Ain't no better drugs than the ones I know
I done went down on bitches I don't know
I don't usually do this unless I'm drunk or I'm high
And right now I'm both, got me talking bout you hoe

[Hook 2: Lil Wayne & Stephanie Acevedo]
Said she really love the blonde look
So she dyed her shit we look like Weezy and Madonna
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
And I'm screaming
Fuck your team, fuck your team, fuck your team, Like 2Pac
Sip slow, no blowin' highs, no killin' vibes
We touch each other, touch the skies, she rub her eyes
She cry Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
She cry Money Team, Money Team, Money Team
Then I zoom out

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
I said "Tell me who you loyal to?"
Is it Weezy? Is it Wayne? Is it Tunechi? Is it gang?
Or these no-names hanging with a nigga with a name?
How you poppin' pain pills and you living with the pain?
You can't tell me that ain't horrible
And my love always free when the lights get dark
I know love isn't cheap I got a nice-ass job
You look priceless to me, I'll rip your price tag off
Baby "Tell me who you loyal to?"
Do you start with the money or the man?
Does it end with your heart in your hand?
Fuck it, if the money bag in the other hand, that was the plan
Let that nigga spoil you
I guess somebody else on grind mode
But a nigga that provide though
Put his pride to the side though, and you my slime, so

[Hook 2: Lil Wayne & Stephanie Acevedo]
Said she really love the blonde look
So she dyed her shit we look like Weezy and Madonna
I'm 'bout to put my hands on her like E. Honda
Cause' she walkin' around in a Young Money tee without a bottom
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, Mula
Screaming, Money Team, Money Team, Money Team, zoom out
Nigga you could throw up peace, I'm throwin' squad up
Had to get the dreads bleached, the James Blonde look
She saw my pic on IG, now she's inspired
She dyed her shit we look like Weezy and Madonna
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
That's some sick shit! Money Team

[Skit: Lil Wayne]
See, this Dedication mixtape series is so important to the culture because they say it is. It's plain and simple, plain and simple. I don't label it important to the culture. If I have ever labelled it important to the culture I was feelin' myself and smellin' my drawers -- uh, pause -- I'm old, my mama used to always say that, my grandma used to say that "You smellin' your drawers." -- but anyway, I don't know if y'all people say that, I'm from the south -- but yeah, the Dedication mixtape series is important to the culture because the culture say it's important. So that's why I still jump my ass in these motherfuckin' booths, wherever I can find a booth, most likely the same one, and do my motherfuckin' thing. And I gotta keep doing my thing and that's why I do my thing because the culture say it's important. They say "We want that, we need that, we gotta have that." It make the-it make the world know what I mean? It make the music world spin, and that's what it's all about, and it's 'cause they say it

[Intro: DJ Drama]
A YMGM Collaboration
Young Money, Generation M
Get with it!

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Squad poppin' like the Pentagon
Squad poppin' like the renaissance
Squad poppin' like the Thriller song
And you pussy ass niggas thrill is gone
My squad lit like a strobe light
Squad lit on a slow night
Squad ain't got no type
Cinderella, Pocahontas, Snow White
My squad poppin', my bitch shoppin'
My niggas thuggin', my bitch robbin'
I'm inside cuddlin' with the chopper
Workin' on the stove, like a novel
Diggin' in my pockets, tryna find the bottom
Codeine got the drink all soggy
And your queen got my dick hard body
There's a stick up in my drawers, armed robbery
My squad poppin' like the white house
Squad never need time out
Squad way up on the ninth cloud
Way up here we got iCloud
My squad lit like a strobe light
Every night, any night, all night
6 hoes and they all dykes
And all they need is one mic
My new attic full of dead bodies
Old attic full of dead bodies
Bedroom full of red bodies
I got your main bitch headlinin'
She cry to me, said "You're no fair"
Cried to me, said "You're low fare"
Dry pussy with no hair
So we showered together and the soap fell
Then I ask her how the dope feel
I don't care how the ho feel
I kick her ass out the dope house
And she can ask her ass how the door feel
Squad pop like the Pentagon
Thot talk like Jenny Jones
Smokin' loud like an intercom
I'ma keep it summer all winter long
Squad lit like the sunlight
You gon' have to squint or use one eye
No Mike Tyson, this a gun fight
Had to hide my guns 'cause they gun-shy
Squad pop like the Pentagon
Had to put a few killers on
If you don't want no static
You gon' have to put some antennas on
Wait, drop-top with the titties on
Bitch bounce like a tennis ball
Pussies hatin' like menopause
Its a jungle out there, Senegal
Wait, drop-top with the tinteds on
It get ugly when I'm pretty stoned
Fat pockets with the skinnies on
I'm dead right, but I'm livin' wrong
No red lights, my limits gone
My meds right, I'm Trippy Jones
My wave right like Billabong
My diamonds dance like Diddy Combs
Her headlights, I turn 'em on
She wanna go to Mars, that journey long
I'm gon' fuck her hard 'til her sternum gone
My diamonds sing, she learn the songs
I woke up, like this ho
I'm burnin' pot like Crisco
She a Crip ho but she a nympho
And we color blind, and you know love is blind
In each other's eyes, we butterflies
Rock and roll like Hummer tires
I don't even got to be her number 1
I'm her number 6 and she my number 9
Get it?
All these drugs scientific
All these boys science fiction
Softer than a flying ribbon
Walkin' all 9 innings
Talkin' shit while I'm shittin'
Defecation expensive
Destination exquisite
Dedication 6th senses
I'm the shit up in the restroom
Guess who up in my guest room
Smack her ass, leave a flesh wound
Weezy F. Baby, test tube
The Martian get high as Neptunes
I fuck your bitch, how is that news?
And you ain't shit to a raccoon
I go ape-shit on these baboons
The diamonds still doin' dance moves
The money still makin' fast moves
6 feet or 3 pair of shoes
You still underground where the grass grew
Headshot, that's a hairdo
Blood drop like shampoo
Young Vidal Sassoon
Oh well, no Shamu
She clap her ass and the lamp blew
We catch your ass gettin' fast food
It happen fast, then we vamoose
Rat-a-tat-ta-ta-tat, poof
I go Apple Jack to the Froot Loop
I got milk, sauce, and the Ragu
From the body on the side walk
I chucked to the chalk in this kids classroom
Six shit

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Craziest shit Drake ever bought me as a gift was um probably some, some jewelry or something like Drake buy real extravagant gifts like so, I don't, you know, forgive me for saying I don't remember but it's like the gift be so extravagant meaning like I probably use it every day so when you use something everyday you totally forget who got that shit for you,I 'm sorry you just do.  and so he get you those type of gifts when I say extravagant I mean like uh the house I probably live in was probably bought by Drake you know what I mean shit like that

[Verse 1: Jay Jones]
Mula! Yeah, look
I'ma tell you all this last time, don't get involved
Bullets start ripping through the walls
Hit ya baby mama and the house door
We making house calls, I'm an outlaw, in the south ward
Knock your ass out if you talk stupid
Got a big dick so I walk stupid
She got that hit-it-quick-in-the-car booty
Hold on, bad hoes need to get a raise, lame niggas tryna get away
But all ya diamonds need to get appraised, you in the way
Too many nights I was out lurking, mind in a daze, nowadays
I'm on Ocean Drive with a bad bitch lyin' in the shades
Sipping Minute Maid, gotta penetrate, let me demonstrate
Got the Jones soda with the drink in it
Got a backwood with the dank in it
Party ain't popping if we ain't in it
Go Blake Griffin, might flex on 'em
That's too much sauce, I bet them hoes know who I are
They treat a nigga like a superstar and that's what I am
I got your bitch but that's my bitch
So that's our bitch and that's all cool
When you trip out, wan' dip out, she just call me and I fall through
And that's bad news, hold these nuts, cashews
Vroom, I flew past you, new whips here, what the bags do
Past cool, young Jones

[Verse 2: Euro]
My enemies should get a good breakfast and a cup of coffee
I know refugees that don't rush things, they kill 'em softly
My closet still got Nike boxes and a couple corpses
Look, even though I'll never sell my soul, I got a couple offers
Don't think about it, I smoke about it, I drink about it
They wrap the body, then rap about it
Sink the body, then sing about it, zip the body, then sip about it
Fuck the world, I'ma still get some cool things up out it
If a CEO wanna dance all in my videos, I need a big deposit
Swerve, swerve, I'm back on 'em
My bad, I'm turning my back on 'em
I fuck, then see if Tune, Jay Jones, Hoody, or Mack want 'em
Real shit, I've seen good girls go to airports with that pack on 'em
Trill shit, I've seen bad bitches with good genes but I slack on 'em
I ain't focused there, Gotham City, got Batmans and Jokers there
I'm in the club but I'm in the cut
They got cameras here like Oprah's here
Since a kid, I heard gunshots, mothers cry, all the shit soldiers hear
So I had to "abracadabra," "voila," just to make hope appear
Young!

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Abracadabra, abracadabra!
We rata-ta-ta-ta, then disappeared, right after it happened
Copperfield, I just popped a seal
You don't believe in magic, but you know that I'm for real
Voila! Voila! Ta-da! Ta-da! Voila! Voila! Mula! Voila!
Told momma, nana, I'm doing my count
Don't ruin my count, bust two and I'm out
Voila! Voila! Ta-da! Ta-da! Voila! Voila! Mula! Voila!
Mama, nana, I'm doing my count
Don't ruin my count, bust two, and I'm out, voila!

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Magic dust, yeah that's a rush
Got her cracking up, crying all at once, man, that was fun
I'm spazzing up, I'm gassing up that Cali stuff, that massacre
I'm magical with chemicals and smashing stuff, Metallica
Satanical like Skeletor, you greener than a salad bar
I leave from here to Africa to read some Maya Angelou
Impractical, you acting all DiCaprio; we trap and go for casserole
We back and forth in traffic with that Macklemore
That magic snow, it's always cold and my freak on that molly water
I met this bitch on Collins but she out the hood, her mama cook
I'm on the way, I'm on a stage, the Magic show, I feel like Dave
I walk on water, float in air, I'm over there, I'm in your face
I pop up out of nowhere, bop-bop at your doorbell
Disappear in thin air, all we leave is smoke there
Smoking roadkill, she on coke here
Stash is sticking to her nosehair
I'm a magician in the motel, moving tricks for wholesale
Hold on, abracadabra, the data don't matter
We rata-ta-ta-ta over the chatter, we got mo ammo than grammar
Hammers and hammers, pull up in Lambos
Shoot up the cameras, die in pajamas
Find you with Sam and your wife and your mamas
All in your family, I'm balling like Magic, voila!

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Abracadabra, abracadabra!
We rata-ta-ta-ta, then disappeared, right after it happened
Copperfield, I just popped a seal
You don't believe in magic, but you know that I'm for real
Voila! Voila! Ta-da! Ta-da! Voila! Voila! Mula! Voila!
Momma, nana, I'm doing my count
Don't ruin my count, bust two and I'm out
Voila! Abracadabra, abracadabra!
We rata-ta-ta-ta, then disappeared, right after it happened
Copperfield, I just popped a seal
You don't believe in magic, but you know I'm too real
Voila! Voila! OVO shorts, high socks
Music is art, Basquiat, niggas is squares, hopscotch
Time out, na-na, I got sauce, you dried out
I'm big boss, you big mouth, magic show, don't miss out, voila!

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
What haven't I done yet?
I haven't Bungee jumped, err, haven't been to Mount Everest, err, take that back, I've probably have been to Mount Everest. Probably flown over it, probably rolled past it and it just was twisted, you nah mean?  That's real shit, real shit, real shit. Holla at my friends, they will let you know slime has sat down and probably ate with the president, and whatever president it was at the time, totally don't remember, you nah mean? But I do remember, Obama saying my name in a speech, shoutout Obama. But still, what haven't I done yet....release Carter V

[Verse]
I keep the blammer in the drawer with the pajamas
I keep the ammo in the bananas
I keep the standards high as the Canyon
I treat the Grammy's like some medallions
I treat the randoms like some companions
I treat the weed like some azaleas
I got more value than I got failure
I got more flings than I got flair
I don't dream if I do not have nothing to wear
You see what I mean, and that's why you stare
I know you believe, I know you beware
I know she a fiend, and this an affair
If momma a queen, and poppa a bear
You run out of steam, you run out of stairs
I run in Supreme and get something rare
She run to the team, and now she a player
We live on the edge, we die in the air
We sick in the head, but pockets is well
We tiptoe on eggs, we out of our shell
Our vision is red, the eyes are as well
We can't pay attention, we got to pay bills
It doesn't make sense if it's not making mills
We do not take pictures, we're not taking L's
If y'all love to listen, then I hate to tell
If y'all scared to visit, then I take it there
If heaven is real, then y'all fake as hell
Cut off your heels and bounce on your tail
I'm on a mission, survival is real
Man, fuck how I fix it, admire the repairs
I'm talking six but my mind is on twelve
Poppin' prescriptions on top of the hill
Even the devil advised me to chill
I told that nigga, stay out of my hair
She just want to fuck in the throne
Shit get too deep and they dug up your bones
I'm sippin' that Sleep and I'm smoking that Gone
When you reach your peak, we gon' cut off your arms
She sniffin' that King and she mix it with Kong
Her clit got a ring, and my dick got a horn
This is what I call a risk and reward
We cutting it close, give the ninja the sword
Fuck what they think, man these niggas don't know us
This shit is sick and it get in your pores
And then you a corpse, and then it's the morgue
Me, I'ma hustle until it's the Forbes
I swore, it was no more than a chore
The house by the water, condo by the shore
I'm sure, I'm all about that manure
Cooler than leather and hot as velour
I'm not the one, when it is war
I'm on the front until combat is done
And I got your tongue, stomp on it once
Then smile at your young, they see I'm having fun
Shit don't get brazy 'til I say go brazy
Run up on your haven and pop at your nasal
Your baby gon' take me straight down to the basement
Gun to the head, she get down to the basics
No dramatization, we popping these gauges
Even the neighbors gon' feel the vibrations
Behind desperation, it's just in our nature
So cold-hearted, perspiration turn to glaciers
Ovations, better be loud and bodacious
And then I'ma take me a bow and be gracious
Wipe the gun off with my towel
Throw it in the crowd and then take a pow at the spacious
I'm out of my mazes, I'm out of my cages
I'm out of the labels, I'm kind of escapist
I profit, I praise it, I spend it, I save it
I buy me a nation, you renting on Avis
I'm in it, I sit it, I did it, you said it
You killing, you playing, I'm friendly, I'm faded
I get way too high to get through the hiatus
You look in my eyes and my pupils dilated
I'm true to my ratings, I'm glued to my statements
I just want to dive in the pool of my payments
I'm in and outrageous, I'm rippin' out pages
You runnin' your mouth, seein' how quick you can chase it
And then you rephrase it, we stick to invasions
The stick is malicious, equipped with a laser
The temperature blazin', the tension is raisin'
You smell the dead once, gotta live with the fragrance
Sickness is real, the meds is too tasty
Death is related, happy we made it
Keeping it dirty like Sanford and Grady
The Young Mula Baby, I'm back from the 80s
Dedication, sick, shit

[Outro]
My favorite movie quote is "You got 14 bricks in that bag right there?" That's my favorite movie quote. That was Cam talking to, uh you know Mitch and all them, that was uh, damn I always forget the name of the movie and it's my fucking favorite quote but it ain't my favorite movie, but like that's my favorite movie quote. My favorite movie, if you wanted to know, if I ever said it, I never said it, it's Sixth Sense, so don't ask me why, I see dead people, you know what I mean, so I got the fuck away from them dead bitches

[Intro: Lil Wayne, DJ Drama, Jamie Foxx & Lil Jon]
Yo Pierre, you wanna come out here?
We been out here
Gangsta, Gangsta Gri-zillz!
6 shit
Quality street music! (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Never 'bout a bitch, it's 'bout a check, my nigga
Never 'bout the bitch, about to check my nigga, that's my nigga!
Make me do construction in your section, nigga
Rari' doin' donuts, that's my breakfast, nigga
Okay, you got soldiers, I got veterans, nigga
And I got that white like One Direction nigga, Kesha, nigga
Only God can judge you, I must sentence you to death, my nigga
Yeah, and you are not a topic in my section, nigga
Math teacher taught me how to count my fucking blessings, nigga
Got married to the fucking mob when I met it, nigga
Everybody cried at my motherfucking wedding, nigga
Everybody 5 in my motherfucking section, nigga
Hoodybaby 6, so numbers lying in my sections, nigga
Still got them Bloods, like a vessel nigga, that's right, nigga
Tell a blind nigga, "Watch your step, my nigga"
Left-right, nigga, whoa, I let my niggas glow
My niggas don't speak, "Bap, bap, bap", quote, un-quote
Never had cold feet, stepping out moving snow
Cut the heads off the sheep and sit 'em all around the GOAT
O-M-W, BMW, N-E-W
I got that R-A-W, for the L-O-W
That's non-refundable, that's L-A-W
And we hate deductibles, like police hate untouchables
They see me in a car then they F-O-L-L-O-W
I drive S-L-O-W, with that B-L-O-W
I like it very colorful when it come to my jungle juice
I'm out here yelling "Fuck a truce!"
If he gon' act like Mother Goose, whoa
It's never 'bout the kids, about the pets, my nigga, no
It's right between the ears, above the neck, my nigga, whoa
It's very quiet, when you hear the weapons, nigga, shh
They verify you by your dental records, nigga
6 shit

[Verse 2: Gudda Gudda]
Fuck the city up, and I got the glizzy tucked (Baow!)
Dick hanging from the mop, look like a billy club
Fliest niggas from the city, bitch, that's really us (geah!)
You pussies talking, boo! boo! boo!, now you really fucked
Ridin' in the range with Maine, we switch lanes (Maine!)
With my bottom bitch, walked the beach in Biscayne (Rrah!)
Real P shit, that's that M.O.B. shit
Look at me now, these pussies said I wasn't gon' be shit (Ah!)
Yeah, got a homie named Trel from Hoover, he might shoot you
Red rag hangin' out my right pocket, but I'll blues you (Doot!)
When them roosters touch down
We make them bitches cock-a-doodle (Woo-woo!)
Take a shot at me over a beat, bitch, I'ma shoot you
Got a bitch named Vicky, she pretty, she keep me stiffy
Glock .40 in her purse, don't tempt me, her finger itchy (Ayy)
She ride so I keep her with me, she shy, but not with that glizzy
She high from hittin' the blizzy, eyes red like Trippie (Trippie!)
Hoody rollin' up, that boy smoke like a hippie (Hippie!)
Fill my double cup up with mud, that's right, I'm sipping
Yeah, retarded with it, I just might be the hardest with it
And you a rat, you be politickin' with the Sarge, Lieutenant
Fuck all you bitches! Gudda!

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Six shit
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Intro: DJ Drama & Yaj]
A Dedication
Rest in peace Fredo Santana
Say that she used to be a lifeguard
Say that she 

[?] drown

[Chorus: Yaj]
Huh, huh, so much fake love, I've been drowning, drowning
Pop me a perc, in my zone, and it's timeless, timeless
I've been so hot, tell a nigga come find me
Been at the bottom, look down, and I bet you gon' see diamonds
Huh, huh, so much fake love, I've been drowning, drowning
Pop me a perc, in my zone, and it's timeless, timeless
I've been so hot, tell a nigga come find me
Been at the bottom, look down, and I bet you gon' see diamonds

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Don't ask me for shit but this blunt or this dick
Fake love in the air, love bugs turn to ticks
That's more than enough, Pink Floyd in the cup
Brrrrrp, I always pick up, 'less she callin' my bluffs
Smell it, like it, buy it, light it, hit it
Mix it with some molly now we gettin' scientific
Bought another house just to put more pots to piss in
Bitches got they hands out
I shake it like we just did business, this just business, wait
Oh my God, I'm drowning in her kidneys, she like
(Oooooohhh) I just listen
And the higher notes she hit it, I know I sound like a grizzly
And the cocaine look like crystals, that's that white girl, call her Chrissy
Hol' up, listen, see, you fuck it all up, you put that wall up
You feelin' yourself, but I can't hate, 'cause you got that soft touch
Okay, you standin' in rain and driftin' it
You lookin' for change but penny pinch
You swallow your pride, I'm sippin' it
You drown in your tears, I swim in 'em, 6 shit

[Chorus: Yaj]
Huh, huh, so much fake love, I've been drowning, drowning
Pop me a perc, in my zone, and it's timeless, timeless
I've been so hot, tell a nigga come find me
Been at the bottom, look down, and I bet you gon' see diamonds
Huh, huh, so much fake love, I've been drowning, drowning
Pop me a perc, in my zone, and it's timeless, timeless
I've been so hot, tell a nigga come find me
Been at the bottom, look down, and I bet you gon' see diamonds

[Verse 2: PoppyH]
I'm off the codeine refill my cup
Robotic coupe while I'm pullin' up
Was feelin' down so I spiked my cup
Was in need of you so I hit you up
Hollywood, I'm in a loft
Catchin' plays, Randy Moss
Bag 'em up, ship 'em off
Fuck the law, what's the cost?
Please don't be freaks on me, ooh get the snakes on me
Been "What's the cost?" Get 'em in, get 'em off
Pop a perc I take off
Got a bitch 

[?], then she claim she from Mars
That bitch a liar, though
Say she a rider, bro
Say that she also a model, bro
Say that she used to be a lifeguard, savin' you
You don't see me drownin' hoe

[Verse 3: Marley G]
Marley don't shoot 'em, but I still keep a chopper on me
Trap in silence, if they want you know that I'm a-(ooh)
Niggas hatin', debatin', don't wanna see me prosper
My flow is ill as fuck, niggas better call a doctor
Over when the fat lady sing done sing like an opera
Back in the G, I was flippin', runnin' through the projects
In the backyard with Tune ballin' in a pair of Balmain's
Last time I bought my bitches, I swear I love 'em all, mane
I be high as fuck, I be fly as fuck
My bitches is nasty, fuckin' her from the back, she callin' me daddy
With two in Miami, all for the family, do it for granny
I go with my move, nothin' to prove
Droppin' Choos, wearin' jewels
Couple thou' on the shoes
Shawty wet like a pool
Bitches see me and they drool
We don't 

[?]
YM, never lose
It's my time, no snooze
It's my time, no snooze
YM, never lose, yeah

[Chorus: Yaj]
Huh, huh, so much fake love, I've been drowning, drowning
Pop me a perc, in my zone, and it's timeless, timeless
I've been so hot, tell a nigga come find me
Been at the bottom, look down, and I bet you gon' see diamonds
Huh, huh, so much fake love, I've been drowning, drowning
Pop me a perc, in my zone, and it's timeless, timeless
I've been so hot, tell a nigga come find me
Been at the bottom, look down, and I bet you gon' see diamonds

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
The craziest place I've ever seen a Lil Wayne tattoo on someone is... you ready? So, I'm 'bout to explain it, um... inside the lips of their pussy. Um, that's just the craziest place. So like, even when you see the pussy, she can show any man her pussy, he won't see it. She has to literally open her pussy up for you to see the name. Shout out- shout my homegirl, that's my homegirl, one time for her. I love you, girl. What's the craziest place I haven't seen a Lil Wayne tattoo is when people come up to me and say "You know I got your name on me, but, like, I can't show you right now 'cause I'm in work," or, "I can't show you right now 'cause," whatever. You ain't got my fuckin' name on you, shut the fuck up

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Beep beep, beep beep, beep beeeeep

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, woke up to niggas sounding like me, damn
I smoked one and went my ass right back to sleep, okay
These rappers need some law and order, Ice T, god damn
They can't touch you Tunechi, Poison Ivy, man
I roll up, I'm smoking like some hot tea, yeah
I woke up and couldn't believe I got sleep, damn
You woke up and then you try to live the dream
But before you check yourself, check my history
I ain't never been a stormchaser, or just a fly on the wallpaper
I ain't never been a tailgater, always been a bail-maker
If it heaven sent right now, she gon' give a nigga hell later
If you don't get the shit right now
You gon' love to hate the smell later
I tell her hold up, your pictures don't entice me
She told me pull up, and then she heard a light screech, yeah
I woke up with a white bitch under white sheets
She got a black heart, telling white lies through her white teeth
Black eyes from always tryna fight sleep
Ran into your wifey, she say, "Tunechi, wife me"
Hello, I'm so spicy, I got her sweating like Keith
Though our time brief, she be on me like briefs
Ethika, Ethika, Ethika
Heffanie calling me Hefner
F-ing her all in her exiter
If he textin', I'm killing the messenger
All hail the death in America
Your ex be hatin' like eczema
That nigga fake as a wrestler
I poke him straight in his retina (Pssh)
Anyway baby, I'm feeling ya
Feel like I slipped and I fell in ya
But that nigga slipped and he fell for ya
Gotta be way more careful-er
These niggas no one to everyone
They play too much and never won
He got you a room at the Sheraton
I can get you your own area
Helluva, helluva, helluva
Girl the way you be taking this D from me
You act like you spelling something
Man this D put a spell on her
I'm deadly as my cellular
My diamonds sing like Mahalia
You gotta make a name for yourself
But these niggas fake as an alias
I don't see no comparison, no barbarians
I am not a human being, and you a humanitarian
I ain't trying to get booked again
Don't fuck with no librarians
Fell asleep in her wet pussy
I woke up in that aquarium, hold up

[Hook: Lil Wayne]
Woke up to niggas lookin' like me, damn
Throw up and go my ass right back to sleep, ugh
You woke up connected to some IV's
Beep beep, beep beep, beep beeeeep (That's some sick shit)
(Bahh!) I'm a shooting star
But your bitch got me shooting porn, yeah
I've been trying too hard
Wow, wow, I'm a shooting star, yeah
Going too far, yeah
I've been trying too hard, yeah
To fuckin' hide these two horns, damn
6-6-6

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
My friendship with Mack Maine is far, far, far, far, far, far more than a friendship. That's my fuckin' brother. I've known Mack since the hood, Hollygrove. He had the biggest house in the hood, it was right on the corner. I'm not sure if the whole house was theirs but it was huge, and he had a big ol' basketball court on his backyard and everybody used to play ba-, ball in his backyard. And umm, since he lived on the corner, like, you can always go and chill and play basketball on his backyard and then, like, always be right there on the corner in case some shit pop off. So yeah, me and Mack been down since the hood. He went to a good school, I didn't go to a too good school but then we ended up goin' to the same school, the school is actually called Mack Maine, know what I mean, and then, umm, he got known for fuckin' over niggas freestylin'. You know I mean, you know, Mack is cold at ribbin', I don't know if y'all call that roastin' or what all that shit y'all call it, but uh, he cold at that, period. He could tear your ass up, make you cry, make you wan' kill him. That type of shit. He one of them nigga, you know what it is? Still be laughing overtime and actually have you laughing but still mad, that's one of them niggas. So yes, when you know how to do that don't Lord don't let you know how to rhyme and he knew how to rhyme, so he used to kill niggas on that shit so that's how we really jammed up with the music shit. Shout out my nigga Mack

[Intro: DJ Drama & Lil Wayne]
Shout to Mack Maine!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hood boss, what's up?
6, 6, 6 (Gangsta Grizz-ills!)

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Big body on brabus, that's all I know
Big shotties in the closet, that's all I wore
Screaming "money over power," quote, un-quote
And if the bread get too low, kidnap John Doe (Hold up)

[Refrain: Lil Wayne]
I just fucked your bitch in some Young Money flip flops
I'm smoking on that loud and you can hear a pin drop (Hold up)
I just kissed my bitch and I left codeine in her mouth (Yeah)
Swimming in my money, I smell chlorine when I count (Get 'em)

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Skating and mating, I'm spinning like Daytons
I'm winning like Peyton, I'm Christian like Laettner
I'm putting some straightener into all of these Satans
I'm wilder than Nathan, Goliath on David
I'm quietly waiting, I'm trying to be patient
But they want me to wait for Simon to say it
But I am too faded, so talk to my agent
Or they talk about you to your congregation
Man, no conversation or negotiation
No affiliation by association
I need confirmation for my compensation
Or we make a corpse out of your corporation
I need my donation, take drugs in rotation
That AK gon' sound like a standing ovation
They landing your facial, bandanna, rosacea
I'm all about numbers, comparisons, ratios
Collateral, collateral
Xanax and Adderall got me unparalleled
Me and your bitch compatible
Go together like a parachute and a "geronimo"
This dick is mechanical
But he get too casual up in the vaginal
I pop a Viag-a-ra, she hop like a kangaroo
Suck like a snaggle-tooth
I ain't got time for no rumors
When I am not human, or you men, I'm booming
I'm fucking her, fucking her roomie
I'm platinum versus aluminum, I'm shrooming
I visualize what I'm assuming, my vision is gloomy
But fuck it, I zoom in and now I see movement
And I'd like to thank all the niggas that schooled me
But I still might shoot up my class reunion
I'm sipping that Houston like it's communion
Smoking some weed, bright as a petunia
I'm walking around Miss America
Like I'm the King, King of Zamunda
Been hanging around with my shooters
When you was still hanging out with Mr. Cooper
Which one of you niggas want beef?
I'm putting your name all inside the chalupa
Money since the Mayans, thuggin' since the riots
Six, exemplifyin', higher than Orion
Lion off the diet, eat the whole safari
Pop a cork or body, keep it soft and sour
Watch the market tower
Find a wooden counter, knock on it twice and count 'em
Competition, clown 'em, opposition chowder
Watch the bitches shower, optimistic mama
Common sense ain't common, top position scholar
So far from the bottom, they can't hear me holler
All I say is our, all I say is our, our father
My lil' bae a model, pussy taste like cobbler
Make me "As-salamu alaykum" about her
What more can I say about her? Pray about it
I just race the 'Rari, left it way behind me, taste the mileage
Loud-ass blatant diamonds, I think they the loudest
Waking zombies
Break a face or promise, give me steak lasagna, hate your honor
Still my mama's baby; and my baby mamas, they some riders
Can't deflate them tires, I'm still chasing commas
Nigga I made Big Tymers
And I'm still taking time to make it timeless
Dedication problems
Sick shit, ayy, yeah, yeah, yeah...

[Skit: Lil Wayne]
The nicest thing a fan can say to me when they approach me on the street is any fucking thing true, anything real. You know what I mean, that's the nicest thing. I mean like, even if its cliché, cliché I can still tell when that cliché was straight from your heart and that's all you could think about, all you could think to say when you saw me or if you meant it, like even if it's that, like I said just when it's real. You know why? 'Cause sometimes people can say things that's so real to them that they don't even know that, you know what I mean, some of the things they are saying isn't fact, you know what I mean, official. But you know, things like so what I mean like example: you might walk up on somebody, I might walk up on somebody on the street and they might, uh, they might... shout out the valet from today, umm well yesterday, shout out the valet from yesterday, before you opened the door of my car, you're looking in my eyes, you're a young cat too, you look me in the eyes and you say ahh, and he couldn't, his English wasn't all that, he said: I like the new album, I really like the new project, and I said to him I was like thank you man, he meant that, 'cause he looked me in my eyes and he even opened my door before he said it, you know what I mean, so I was like damn you know when I got in the car I was like damn it's not a project. You know what I mean I don't even consider that, it's damn sure not an album just a mixtape, you know what I mean, but to him that was real, that shit was real, could be a project not an album, so shout out to homie. I slid him a nice little tip you know what I mean

[Intro: Marley G]
Zaytoven!
Marley! Yeah!
Brrp!
Marley G, blood
Don't shoot 'em

[Verse 1: Marley G & Lil Wayne]
Black out my red bandana (Yeah)
Dressed in all red like Santa (Yeah)
Me and Tune riding in the Phantom (Skrrt)
Spiked out my Pineapple Fanta (Sippin')
My flows sick like cancer (Sick shit)
Doing the drugs at a random (Tripple)
Bitch I ball like Amber (Ballin')
Keeping one in the chamber
Fucking your bitch in the Hamptons
Checking my diamonds, nothing fugazi
All of you niggas is shady
Crack flow, 80s baby (Yeah)
Hella wavy on them hoes
Pop a perc on them hoes
Giver her something for her nose
All them bitches down to roll
Swerving all in your lane
Don't crash, feel the pain
Dope music in my veins
Skating on em with Lil Wayne

[Interlude: Rich The Kid & Lil Wayne]
Boom, boom
Rich (Rich)

[Verse 2: Rich The Kid & Lil Wayne]
Way too much ice now I'm skating on em
Flexing I pull out the Wraith homie (What?)
He saving these hoes put a cape on him (damn)
New freezer the water my neck homie (yahhhhh)
Pronto took her to the condo (condo)
I'm balling on niggas like Lonzo
Too foreign you dont get no convo (hello?)
Too rich I dont need no broke hoe (no!)
Sprite in the Pineapple Fanta (Fanta)
Kill every song like cancer (cancer)
Put it in the lock do damage (damage)
Once I fuck a bitch she vanish (vanish)
I bust on her boobies (boobies)
Pull out the camera we making a movie
Look up to Lil Tunechi (yuh?)
I came out the trap now I smoke out a cutie
She graduated but the head stupid (oh!)
Might tell my shooter go and do it (blrrp!)
Off the lot had a top gone lose it (skrrt!)
And they all taking pictures they groupies
Fuck the Patek (yeah)
She a real model but I just want the neck (ahh)
Give me a sec, big jet on the way to a check

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Okay, okay, okay (okay)
Me and your bae soulmates
But if that hoe disobey, it's back to Chipotle
Beat that pussy up, no foreplay
Oscar De La Hoya
She ride this dick like horse play
I send her back bowlegged
She go right, left (ah), she go both ways (yeah)
When he asked she say "no way"
I can make her play her role and roleplay (yeah)
I can make a redbone feel rosé
AK leave his head gone with no face (bah!)
Wu-Tang, my killers Ghostface
All my AKs 24K (blrrp!)
And Gold Diggers dig your grave
Okay, Tunechi Keyser Söze (yeah)
Smoking that gas need Rolaids (yeah)
Sippin lean fast that's slow pace
If the bitch bad I showcase, okay
100 thou cash on the pillowcase (yah)
One in each hand that's lifting weights
This dick make a bad bitch ricochet (yuh)
Your bitch is in here swallowing like Minute Maid
God damn, okay okay okay (okay)
D.E.A., D.O.A (okay)
I aim right at your shades (okay)
Then let off that roach spray (brrr)
Y'all boys soft as crochet, I take off with no brakes
I try not to leave no trace
But I dripped sauce the whole way
Damn, I'm a boss I pay me, I got lost like KD
I go off like Dray Green
Pop a perc go KG
Man I'm unwired like Dre Beats (yeah)
Repping them big big big B's (yeah)
All y'all drenched restin in peace (yeah)
Dedication 6 sick six feet, Six shit
Medication quick quick quick please
I'm impatient Imma need a MD (yeah)
The doctor said all I need is M-E (yeah)
Your thot in here tryna get me tipsy (yeah)
Your thot in here tryna give me hickeys (damn)
And now she's tryna tell me how to live free (damn)
Never let a stripper give you tips please
That's some six shit

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
The craziest shit Nicki has ever bought for me as gift was a pair of shoes. The shoes look like uh my teeth. That's definitely..and uhm I've actually never worn 'em. They like a pair of shoes where you know you always set them bitches out the night befo' you're like yeah I'm definitely wearin them tonight...and then soon as its time to get ready, you like now this is not the event for these type a shoes. And uhm.. yall already know the type of events I go to. So, if I feel like the event ain't enough for the shoes then you know it's a crazy ass pair of shoes. Shout out my girl Nicki, she coulda just bought me a picture of her. You know...I won't say what kind of picture. You know what I mean--if it's for my birthday or Christmas.. know what I mean

[Intro: DJ Drama]
Baby, this dedicated to you
'Cause you make it look so good
So easy

[Pre-Chorus 1: Lil Wayne]
She said, "I love you Tunechi," I said I love me too
She said, "Can I come through Tunechi?"
Bitch, come through, we through
And I'ma go plum dumb in it and we all need fruit
She said, "Babe, you so crazy and I'm your crazy glue"

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Because you make it look good, make it look easy
I never come down, I'm too high to see me, hold on
I make it look good, I make it look easy, yeah
I never cool down, I'm too hot for TV, hold on
She make it look good, she make it look easy, yeah
She never come down, she never come easy, no
We make it look good, we make it look easy, yeah
We never cool down, we too hot for TV

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Cut all my exes off, higher than cholesterol
Tried to play professor and the bitch take a semester off
Wishing on a superstar, trippy life is too bizarre
Quickie in my roofless car, bust a nut and blew the horn
When she snort this Loius Vuitton and she keep the new ones on
Life in living color, she the one I spend them blue ones on
And it's right where you belong, girl, he make you Uber home
When he calls she threw the phone, I just cut the music on
Waiting for some Dominos, listenin' to some Commodores
Acting like some carnivores, after that we comatose
I ain't tryna bullshit my baby and she know me better
Told her, more money, more Prada, and the more the better

[Pre-Chorus 2: Lil Wayne]
She said, "I love you Tunechi"
I said I love me too
She said, "What you up to, Tunechi?"
I said, "That's up to you"
She said, "I don't want much Tunechi"
I said, "And you'll need two"
She said, "Babe, you so crazy and I'm your crazy glue"

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Because you make it look good, make it look easy
I never come down, I'm too high to see me, hold on
I make it look good, I make it look easy, yeah
I never cool down, I'm too hot for TV, hold on
She make it look good, she make it look easy, yeah
She never come down, she never come easy, no
We make it look good, we make it look easy, yeah
We never cool down, we too hot for TV, hold on

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Your ex, he so petty, fast food to her veggie
Gas you with unleaded, I had to 211, yeah
Now you're too hot for TV, but I tell you don't sweat it
Don't wax or trim them edges, I treat that bush like Reggie, yeah
But I don't smoke no Reggie, I give her Coke, no Pepsi
And her best friend a lesbian and I want more affection, yeah
Been fucking on the legend, the Michael Jackson, Jesse
Lil Tunechi, Elvis Presley, Hendrix, future, past or present, yeah
I'm too hot for TV, too high for my exes, I'm rated triple x's
Too much drugs, sex, and weapons, yeah
And I'm too high to see me, diamonds shine in 3D
No Fugazi CZ, y'all boys really PG, damn

[Verse 3: Lil Twist]
I make it look good, I make it look easy
I get it from Weezy, been too hot for TV
She said I love you Twizzy, I said I love me too
Now bring that big ass over here and come do what we do
She pull up on the kid, she suck my dick and try to kiss it
I told her, "Hold it", call her friends
If they ain't fucking, can't get in
I fuck her on the kitchen counter, drop my kids off on that chin
I tell her face down, ass up, I wear it out like a new trend, oh shit
Lil Twist, drop a four, four, four
Fuckin' crack down on the Act
I'm sippin' slow, slow, slow, yeah
I'm a lil freak on my camera shit
I got that Hannah Montana, bitch
Pull out my dick, can you handle it?
Then

[Pre-Chorus 3: Lil Wayne]
She said, "I love you, baby," I said I love me too
She said, "Can I come through, baby?"
Bitch, come through, we through
I'ma go bananas in it, you know we all need fruit
She said, "Babe, you so crazy and I'm your crazy glue"

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Because you make it look good, make it look easy, yeah
I never come down, I'm too hot to see me, hold on
Make it look good, make it look easy, yeah
I never cool down, I'm too hot for TV, hold on
She make it look good, yeah, she make it look easy, yeah
She never come down, she never come easy, no
We make it look good, we make it look easy, yeah
We never cool down

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Don't I make it look good?
Don't I make it look easy?
I could never come down
I could never come down, no
Don't she make it look good?
Then she never come easy, no
We could never cool down
Too hot for TV, yeah
That's some sick shit

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Skateboarding these days is going awesome. Umm, new tricks I've landed. Umm, y'all don't really know nothing about that shit. When I say "y'all", umm, I don't mean none of my fans, I don't mean people who don't skate, I don't mean people who do skate. It's just a lil, you know what I mean, it's a skate thing. You run into a skater, he, he or she, they'll run into ya and let you know what I mean. We always think that y'all don't know what the fuck we talking about. But uh, you see how I put myself in that "we", like I'm a real skater? It's all good though, shout out my skaters!
Umm, yeah, it's going well these days. I'm 'bout to drop a new part. I don't even know if you know what a part is. But I'm about to drop a new part and you'll see the tricks that I've learned. And uhh, when I learn some new ones, I'm not gonna tell you what they are because if I drop another part, then I already told you what tricks I learned. You gon' be waiting to see them shits. So, you know, now that go. You run into a skater there

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
6 shit

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I said I wasn't gon' love these hoes
I ate my words like a pussy hole
She suck my dick and my bullet hole
And got on my dick, did the tootsie roll
She know how much I love candy though
She know how much I hate pantyhose
I know how much she love animals
But she let me stomp on her camel toe, damn

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Girl what the deal, though
Put up them dildos, fuck with a real one
Fuck 'til the sun come, we can still chill, though
Kick it like field goals, lick it like mail, though
Sleep by your mailbox, IG yo' G spot
I kill yo' pill spot, I give a cheerleader somethin' to cheer 'bout
I get you too high, I hear yo' ears pop
You hear my key chain, you hear the birds fly
All gold dust, pull the pills out
You take your clothes off, you tell me go hard
I tell you "No duh"
And we both smoke so I rolled up
And we poured up in my gold tub
And you woke up with soap suds all up in yo' chocha
Fuck it, shawty, it's yo' fuckin' birthday
Almost fuckin' drown me, little fuckin' mermaid
Damn, fuck it, shawty, everyday yo' b-day
And if you want this D, bae, everyday is D Day, boom
I'ma lay you on your spinal cord
And you gon' take all this dinosaur
Yeah, I'ma lay you on your spinal cord
And you gon' take me on your private tour
Hol' up, I'ma lay you on your pretty face
And hit it from the back like you hit the brakes
Got a pretty face and a pretty shape
Tryna be a star and I'ma give you space
Wait, 1, girl, let's start this shit, 2, girl, yo' heart just skipped
3, girl, and you will see, 4, how good this D can be
5, I love to do you right
And 6 ain't shit if it don't end with 9
Invite yo' friend that's friendly fire
Bitches ain't shit but yours and mine
Ooh, girl I love you so
That's why I always fuck you slow
All these little hoes they come and go
She was just a flame, went up in smoke
And I told myself not to love the bitches
Hard to stop fallin' for a bitch when you trippin'
Hard to stop sleepin' on a bitch when you sippin'
When you sippin'
Can't trust these hoes, can't love these bitches
Then my heart get cold, middle finger with the mittens
Bitches lie through they teeth, I never wanted to be a dentist
Might as well keep spittin', it ain't love it's business
Hoe, watch that hoe you sleep with, bitch ass hoes be creepin'
Watch that hoe she be wit', who she prolly sleep wit'
Damn, but you know that ain't cheatin, we should have a meetin'
Watch that hoe you eatin', food for thought, I'm thinkin'

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I said I wasn't gon' love these hoes
I ate my words like a pussy hole
She suck my dick and my bullet hole
Got on my dick, did the tootsie roll
She know how much I love candy though
She know how much I hate pantyhose
I know how much she love animals
But she let me stomp on her camel toe, damn

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
And her clit got a hair trigger
Damn, and her clit got a hair trigger
And her clit got a hair trigger
But the bitch gotta spare a nigga, damn
Watch that hoe you sleep wit', bitch ass hoes be creepin'
Watch that hoe she be wit', oh, nah, they ain't speakin'
Damn, that's that silent treatment, I don't wanna know the reason
Watch that hoe you eatin', food for thought, I'm thinkin'

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
That's some 6 shit
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah

[Intro: DJ Drama]
Dedicated!
Free my nigga Meek Mill!
D6!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I walk inside the strip club buy what I want then I go hey
All this snow up in my house these bitches call me Coldplay
Walk inside the strip club give the baddest one a big hug
She know daddy been a real one aimin' at a nigga ear drums
I don't have to beat to my own
Don't have to keep my eyes on your rhinestones
Take yo' watch and kill you if the time wrong, so pop off
We gon' kill a watch dog 'til the top dog knock a opp off
Set his ass on fire I smell popcorn

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I walk inside the strip club buy what I want then I go hey
All this white up in my house these bitches call me Colgate
Walk inside the strip club buy what I want then I go hey
All this snow up in my house these bitches call me cold case
Wait I fuck yo' ho
Hol' on hol' up wait no they don't go they fucked the GOAT
(Brr) hello hello hello hello I fucked yo' bae
Just like Jodeci she tryna stay I said okay
Okay okay okay okay
I been a real nigga since a mini lil' nigga
Pullin' choppers like a dentist lil' nigga
In my skinnies lil' nigga, lookin' skinny lil' nigga
Fuck a limit lil' nigga like the Millers lil' nigga
Doin' business lil' nigga, risky business lil' nigga
Own plane wit my own flight attendants lil' nigga
Life is splendid lil' nigga, fuck yo' hoe, now yo' hoe on blow
I swear I make her snort more blow than Pinocchio, okay!

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
I walk inside the strip club buy what I want then I go hey
It's all these hoes and only me you bitches gotta rotate
Walk inside the plug house buy what I want then I dip, hey
All this coco in my bando bitches call me milkshake
Wait I fuck yo' hoe, now yo' hoe won't go
Hol' up wait I fuck yo' hoe, now you yo-ho bro
Hol' up wait I fuck yo' hoe, now that hoe on dope
I know you know I know you know
I know I know I know I know you know my niggas shooters
Don't fuck wit' computers, ugliness is cuter
And all this shit from Cuba, throwin' parties in the sewer
Actavis and Buddah, the dancers doin' maneuvers
Come shake hands wit' Freddy Kreuger

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
Woah I walk up in the strip club buy what I want then I go hey
I give all my hoes the green light them hoes call me no brakes
Walk up in a night club pick who I want then I go hey
All these dick riders in here I don't have time for road rage
Walk up in the strip club buy who I want then I go hey
Bitches know I keep that 'cane on me they call me old head
Walk up in the strip club buy who I want then I go hey
I live in Miami but the bitches call me Snowflake
Hol' up wait a second, you know what I make a second, nigga
All my pockets pregnant, nigga, all yo' pockets naked
Got the sauce I got the method
And of course I gotta spread it on that presidential kush
I'm in here coughin' at election
Hol' up presidential rollie, Clinton, Obama, Reagan
It's all about a check, just in case you checkin'
Got a suitcase full of weapons just in case you trippin'
Niggas out here building cases well I like to plead guilty
Like yo' wifey knees filthy and she likes my seeds milky
I'm a king but can't deal me underpaid but overwhelming, wait
Lit, and my homies they some livewires, quick to do a drive by
Wherever you got Wi-Fi, lit, like a powerline
Get right in a line of fire
Cocaine on the table make her get down to the bottom line
Men lie, women lie, people live and lie
Some people cross the line knowing it's the finish line
Some even walk the line knowing it's the thinnest line
Puttin' they life on the line then they just forget they lines
Some people get in line, some try to skip the line
Me I'm in the lunch line, starving like it's dinner time
Before the begin of time, I been in a different time
She pay yo ass little mind, you pay that hoe rent on time
Damn, slime it's Carter 5 time, give me high five, my fire high
I'm waving bye bye, to the fireflies
I got guys on your guys guys, and your guys guys
R.I.P. to Soulja Slim, soldiers die tryin', damn
Purple heart, purple drank, better yet ultraviolet
Couple bitches one Tunechi I let 'em argue 'bout it, damn
I ran out coke last week and now it's time to re-up
All these keys in this Prius now this bitch a Kia
Pray for Cita, the kids and the work
Pray that none of my niggas get murked
Pray that enemy bitch ain't a nurse
Pray that one day I get reimbursed
Pray that one day I get reimbursed
Pray that one day I get what I'm worth
Niggas wanna taste victory first, gotta work to have it for dessert
Bust a nigga head in the mall, shoot a nigga head 'til it's off
Throw a nigga head to the dogs, can't we all just get along?
A hearts for wings to fly, I bought them dreams alive
I pulled my team aside to get they finger size
You shoulda seen they eyes, I got them rings to shine
You bet that we would die, the whole casino tried
Oh but when we arrived, the whole arena cried
I swallow my pride and drive you crazy yeah I drink and drive
Pile of coke on the table break it down and put it in single files
It's Weezy F. Baby and she know that F is for her freaky side
6 shit
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
That's some 6 shi'

[Skit: Lil Wayne]
Umm to help these multiple generations that look at me as the reason they started rapping or the reason why they rap and into music is ... uh ... it's unexplainable. There isn't a word for it. You can't describe the feeling. Um if there, you know what I mean, there's words that's probably close to it, and when I say close I mean light years away from it, words like amazing, awesome, that's probably the closest, and like I said, that's light years away from the feeling, you know what I mean. I can't explain it, it's crazy just to turn on the television, just to see my own children walk inside and be like, you know what I mean, singing something you know like what is you talking about right now, what are you singing, what are you listening to on that iPad, what are you watching? And they be like "such and such" and I be like, you know, what is that, and they be like, you know what I mean, "he loves you Daddy, he loves you Daddy, he always shouting you out Daddy, he always..." and that's when they put me on, you know what I mean. I just sounded so old just now told you how my kids be, man Drama if you keep that shit, dawg you bad, that should let you know that you're older than me

[Intro: DJ Drama & Lil Wayne]
You see?
The goal is just to raise the babies right
Wayne babies, that is
You guys are maturing so much!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
It's crazy how you look like your dad
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Tunechi, I must say, job well done
Yeah
And I just told my main thing "Since you my main thing
You can turn yo' phone off and let your name ring"
6 shit
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeahI just told my main thing "Since you my main thing"
DJ Drama
Bitch I won the race

[Bridge 1: Lil Wayne]
All I ever wanted was to tell her she was all I ever wanted
Wake up to her every morning, last night we can't recall it
Every day she catchin' feelings, every night I throw a party
She done died and went to heaven, I forgot to close the coffin
I'm just lookin' for lil sexy to direct me from the horror
They ain't promisin' tomorrow but she promisin' she loyal
So I promise to be faithful
Yeah, Lil Weezy; "F" for "Faithful, Funky, Freaky, Freshly Flavored
Flawless, Fleek, Finesse, Finagle"

[Hook 1: Lil Wayne]
I just tell my main ting "Since you my main ting
You can turn your phone off and let your name ring
We can take them clothes off and let that thang breathe
Hold me as I doze off, you know I drank lean"

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I just poured a whole deuce inside a 16
Cried my whole heart out, she cried with me
She like to put the top down and tell me "Let 'em see"
She like to leave the doors up, they look like referees
She like to throw it back until she got back pains
She got her own little special contact name
She take it in the ass, ain't worryin' 'bout the crack game
Me, her, plus another bitch, she don't care if the math change
Yeah, I just poured a whole deuce inside a 16
Got her reppin' suwoo, she reppin' big Bs
And she ain't worryin' 'bout fuckin' on a private plane
And she don't do the phone thing, she do the finer things
It's all about deserving things and not designer things
She all about her certain ring and not all kind of rings
All about the sure things and not the shiny things
Man, she so tired of swervin' niggas, need a tire change

[Bridge 2: Lil Wayne]
All I ever wanted was to tell her she was all I ever wanted
Wake up to her every morning, last night we can't recall it
She lay down and close her eyes, fall asleep open hearted
She done died and went to heaven, I forgot to close the coffin
I'm just lookin' for lil' sexy to direct me from the sorrow
They ain't promisin' tomorrow but she promise to be loyal
So I promise to be faithful, but I'm prolly not gon' chase you
Sit down on my dinner table, eat that pussy like it's catered

[Hook 2: Lil Wayne]
I just tell my main ting "Since you my main ting
You can turn your phone off and let your name ring
You can scratch yo' goals off and you can thank me
Hold me as I doze off, you know I drank lean"
I just told my main thing "Since you my main thing
Let them have the fame thing 'cause it's the same thing
You can take them clothes off and let that thang breathe
Hold me as I doze off, you know I drank lean"

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I just poured a whole deuce inside a 16
Yeah she reppin' two countries, yeah she mixed breed
Got her smokin' rapper weed, tryna spit Vs
She been goin' 30 minutes, she just switched knees
Uh, pimpin' ain't easy but it's necessary
Pimpin' ain't dead, check the cemetery
If I tell you that I love you, I ain't lying girl
So worry 'bout yourself and not the other bitch I'm tellin'

[Bridge 3: Lil Wayne]
All I ever wanted was to tell her she was all I ever wanted
Wake up to her every morning, last night was all recorded
Every day she catchin' feelings, every night I throw a party
That's that "Fire and Desire", I forgot to throw her water
I'm just lookin' for lil' sexy to direct me from the horror
They ain't promisin' tomorrow but she promise that she loyal
So I promise to be faithful
Yeah, Lil Weezy; F for faithful, funky, freaky, freshly flavored
Flawless, fleek, finesse, finagle and fatal

[Intro: Lil Wayne]
They give her bread, I give her head
I'm light years ahead, gone
They give her bread, I give her head
I'm light years ahead, gone

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I know she gon' hold the gun for me
Hold it down in court, and hold her tongue for me
She swallow all my kids, then pop a gun for me
Makes some runs for me, all the way cross country
She love me, she even rep the blood for me
I said the plug trippin'
She gon' pull the plug for me, I love it
And all she know is Young Money
Her ex is always trippin', nigga is too clumsy

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Make up on the pillow, make me wanna kill her
But she naked in the villa, taking E I call it Sheila
I took half of a half, she took 3 like Reggie Miller
I just feel her like chinchilla, had to kill her, Bryson Tiller
I know they gon' play this over, ankles on my shoulder
My face all in her chocha, for my bae go South Dakota
But my bae go even lower on that roller coaster
She just want a Tesla roadster, I'ma get her somethin' slower
Bet a Bentley Truck to show her, tinted up to hide her ass
Who in that Wraith behind her ass, you ain't even got to ask
She ain't even gotta dance, thinkin' boutta a wider ass
And she already gotta an ass, leave it in the doctor hands
Other niggas, not a chance, she already gotta dare
When I be in and out your ass, baby you sound like jazz
You ask me can your partner crash, you ain't even gotta ask
I'm breaking out the powder bags, turn into Iron Man
What happens in this house stays in this house
Don't worry 'bout that
If what happens in this house gets out
Go check your girl 'bout that
I'm 'bout to put you in my will, where my attorney at
I ain't the type to turn my back, got every type of Percocet
I'm working with the perfect bitch, her body like 187
Then we come together, then we cum together
Rainy weather, ain't it heaven
Ain't no telling what I think, I think I'm ready
My lil married homie Terry talking 'bout a gangster wedding
Oh my god

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I know she gon' hold the gun for me
Hold it down in court, and hold her tongue for me
She swallow all my kids, then pop a gun for me
Makes some runs for me, all the way cross country
She love me, even rep the blood for me
I said the plug trippin'
She gon' pull the plug for me, I love it
And all she know is Young Money
Her ex is always trippin', nigga is too clumsy

[Bridge: Lil Wayne]
Goddamn
He give her bread, I give her head, I'm light years ahead, pyoom
He give her bread, I give her head, I'm light years ahead, pyoom
He give her bread, I give her head, I'm light years ahead, gone
He give her bread, I give her head, I'm light years ahead, gone
She lie in the bed, I lie in the bed, the shower instead, yeah
We got out of the shower, got back to the bed
That's flowers in bed, that's magic
She lie in the bed, then cry in the bed, I lie on her leg, damn
See they give her bread, I give her head, I'm light years ahead, pyoom

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I know she gon' hold a gun for me
Always down in court and hold her tongue for me
She swallow all my kids and pop her gun for me
Make some runs for me, all the way across country
She love me, yeah
Even wrap the blunt for me
She gon' pull the gun for me
All she know is Young Money
Ex is always trippin' niggas too clumsy, Goddamn

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
They give her bread, I give her head
I'm light years ahead, gone

[Skit: Lil Wayne]
My favorite person to debate sports with is, um, Skip Bayless off top. Like Skip Bayless, that's just the homie, you know what I mean. Like when I say the homie, I mean, like when you goin' to Skip Bayless, when I go to the Skip Bayless show, there's always more conversation off camera, and its always like he can't wait for them to say 3,2,1 and we off. For him to engage in a, um, more whatever, realer conversation, I don't know if real is the right word, a more real conversation, just things like that, so you know
My favorite person to debate sports with Skip Bayless. I do have a second favorite as well, if it's not even a second favorite, but another favorite person I love to debate sports with: Max Kellerman. That's my dude. Love to debate sports with Max Kellerman, that's my slime. And every time I go on his show, he always got a verse for me. You know what I mean, that's the homie
I'ma be alright

[Intro]
Is this guy serious?
Is this guy serious, or what?

[Chorus: Dean Blunt]
Twenty bands, twenty bands, twenty bands
Twenty bands, twenty bands, twenty bands
Twenty bands, twenty bands, twenty bands
Twenty bands, twenty bands, twenty bands
Let it out, let it out, let it out

[Verse: A$AP Rocky]
I foresee the jealousy all in your eyes for sure
Sure, they don't want to beef with my physique or my .44
Sure, life is sweet, I'm by the beach, sand all on the feet
By the seat, the time we meet, we'll leave em' by the shore
Sure, pop a bean em' right to sleep sheets of my decor
With privacy, she grind on me and sweep on my rapport, whore
Drama by the front door, pushing out the back door
Trapping out the bando, leave em' by the trap door
Money bags, money bags
Ten bands, ten bands, ten bands (ten bands)
Drop the babies in the car seat, must be the Courvoisier
Tap on your bustier, valeting Cartier
Car keys to the Murcielago and Courtier
Wake up thankful everyday, feel like Sydney Portier
Ayy ayy, soundbite, soundbite, woo
Cheat code, cheat code, L1, down, right
Damn right, damn right
The nigga who your sound like, sound like
Demons fucking up my focus
Head vultures, precious death, death rows
Pockets full of dead folks
Prada soles full of dead roaches
And some cud I stepped on
Waiting for her to get left
On the same place, dead bodies get left on
But woke niggas get slept on
Broke niggas get flexed on
I really wish she had less on
I might fuck her with a dress on
Scratching on me with her press-ons
We ain't stopping til' the next song
Next song, next song, next song

[Outro: Lil Yacthy]
Ten bands, ten bands
Money bags, money bags
Money bags, money bags
Ten bands, ten bands
Ten bands, ten bands
Ricky Owens on me look like Dom Pér
St. Laurents on me, I don't wear Vans

[Verse]
When I came down for the first hour
All of my problems had got a new form
You came to me clutching a flower
Talking of peace and keeping me warm

[Chorus]
If you could believe in me
I'll come for you
Instead of deceiving me
I want you, want you

[Verse]
When I came down for the first hour
All of my problems had got a new form
You came to me clutching a flower
Talking of peace and keeping me warm

[Chorus]
If you could believe in me
I'll come for you
Instead of deceiving me
I want you, want you

[Intro: DJ Drama]
Ride with mula, yeah thats the mob
Come check with Dram, and do ya job

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I'm not worthy of your controversy
I'm not thirsty, baby, I'm allergic
Colder than a hockey jersey, dirty like Kentucky Derby
I was lying on a gurney, I don't wanna die early
I was screaming "Fuck the world," you was singin' "Like a Virgin"
Never be concerned or worried, 2 girls, like Laverne and Shirley
Wake up in the morning early, tell 'em that I love 'em dearly
They say "Oh my God, have mercy," shinin' like I got on Jergens
You can hear my diamonds screaming like they just met God in person
Oh my God the squad alerted, I confirm it
They hop up like Kermit, come to bless you like a sermon
My house lit like Pee-Wee Herman's and you know I bought it furnished
I'm determined like attorneys, y'all lil boys ain't got attorneys
I just hope she not a burden, I just hope she got a purpose
That first week was power surgin', oh my God, the socket workin
I been listening to the money, it been telling me it's coming
Sound like music to my ears, like a symphony of hundreds
Mama told me I'd be special, Grandma told me I'd be something
I made sure they wasn't guessin', made the most out they assumptions
Being everything but simple, stretch a dollar like a limo
Got a grill in one dimple, got my deal without a demo, Tunechi

[Hook: DJ Drama]
Ride with Mula, yeah that's the mob
Come check with Dram, and do ya job
Thanksgiving is the name, IceBox did the chain
Rolex for the watch, motherfucker, Plain Jane

[Verse 2: Jay Jones]
I got issues, I got problems, we got missiles in the chopper
Got a hoe from the Bahamas, let me swordfight with her tonsils
Brought the hoe up in the condo, had a party with Fernando
I got condoms in the dresser, Percocets all on the mantle
All they handle, name a bitch that I ain't fuck and I'ma bag her
Keep it real, if I ain't fuck then my bros Tune and Mack done had her
Got a bitch cook like a chef, I had a hoe from out the Memph
She like to suck dick wit no hands, she say she do shit with no help
Control myself, I been working overtime, I owe myself
I like my bitches thick and quick to go and lick below the belt
I brought a Ghost to Hollygrove, flew your ho out to my shows
What happen on these tour buses? Like Vegas, nobody knows
Got a plug on line one, had to put momma on hold
Talking numbers tryna see how I’m gonna get Mama that Ghost
Talking big money for sure, I don’t trick money to hoes
I’mma keep running 'til I’m getting three hundred a show
Yeah bitch, ride with the Mob, slob on my knob
Get some bitches back to work and do the dishes, that’s yo' job
I’ve been sipping, if they say I ain’t that nigga then they lying
I put coca on the table, made her read between the lines
I sit back waiting my time, now I’m flexin’, now I’m winnin’
I’m at Saks or I’m at Lenox, credit card ain’t got no limit
Got a Mac with a extension, want see murder? Be a witness
Y’all lil boys just mind yo business 'fore y’all swimmin with the fishes
Wait, yeah, I got the wave, I got the juice, I got the sauce, yeah ho
Smoking the green, really it’s verbal, so I’ll be calling it hard
Woah, South Beach with a bad bitch, I was just in the trenches
I was just in a Honda, now I’m skrrting in a Bentley, Jones

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Why don’t I use social media? Hold on. That’s why! I’m way too high for that shit, man. I will be pressin' all kinds of wrong shit. I can’t follow ten- two fuckin' directions 

[?]. Everytime I try to fuckin' order something, uh, you know what I mean, if it got two extra fuckin' screens that you gotta go through, I’m straight. You know what I mean, it’s just too much. Probably gotta be the same button to pressed to accept the shit, or deny the shit. I wouldn’t know
That’s why I don’t fuck with social media. There ain’t no other reason you know what I mean? People probably think I got like a real strong reason. Like, you know what I mean, no, ‘cause, nah man, I just don’t know how, and I be way too twisted. Like, way too twisted to be fucking with that
I don’t really text, none of that, like it’s just tough
It’s just, like, I’m not tech-savvy at all, I’m just sorry
But if you come sit down with me and smoke one with me, I mean you’re gonna have an awesome time. It’s just what it is. I’m very social

[Hook]
Play me some music
When my money's low
And I don't have
Nowhere to go
Play me some music
In the ghe-e-tto
Whatever problems I have
I'mma just let go

[Part 1]
Play me some music
When I arise
Thank you lord
For openin' my eyes

Play me some music
While I take my bath
Make me sing
Make me la-a-augh
Play me some music
While I cook my food
Keep me dancing
In a real good mood (yea)

Play me some music
While I iron my clothes
I can't let down
All the fine ass hoes

Play me some music
While I wash my car
Ride around
Like a movie sta-a-ar

Play me some music
While I make my cash
Sellin' weed
Beer and hash

Play me some music
While I pimp my hoes
Ride around
On rims and 

[?]

Play me some music
Music music music
Music music music
Play me some music
After a hurricane
Give me shelter
From the rain

Play me some music
When a family member dies
And all I can do
Is hug someone and cry

Play me some music
When my woman leaves
And all I have
Is memories

Play me some musi-i-ic
When I can't laugh
And the IRS
Takes all I have

Will you play me some music
For all the illegal stops
And everyone
Who gets robbed by the cops

Play me some music
When I drink my beers
Wipe my tears
And spread my cheers

[Bridge]
Play me some music
Music music music
Music music music

[Part 2]
Haddiesburg, Mississippi, 'member Jefferson Davis?
Confederate guy, that used to enslave us
If you don't - its cool
But I went to his elementary school

Pop lockers, break dancers, rap masters
Free slaves walkin 'round with the ghetto blasters
What the hell is that noise?
Beat boxin performed by the fat boys

I took out the trash, I mowed the yard, studied hard
Got A's on my report card
Mom and dad at the pad told way to go
To the sto' and bought me a radio

All you ol'skool hip hop vets
Remember radios with the two cassettes
I shut the door and let the bass boom
It's a party going on in my room

[Hook]
Play me some music
When my money's low
And I don't have
Nowhere to go
Play me some music
In the ghe-e-tto
Whatever problems I have
I'mma just let go

[Part 3]
Playing friends with my friends in a dark blue 

[beamie?]
Five minutes to funk, funk with Whodini
Had fun, bumpin' Run DMC
See the cops? You better fucking run like me

Kept buying tapes, built my collection
Rub my chin, then I make a selection
BDP, Ice-T, Eazy E

Then one day, I thought perhaps
I Grab the pen, and write my own text
Feeling the mic, feeling the mic
Killing the mic, killing the mic
Better then - better then
Any rapper you like, Any rapper you like

I got high, then I dropped out of highschool
Because I got high, now I'm rich, fool
Hang around rich fools
And they' bitch rules - when I switch shoes

I never thought I would lose my daily music, because of greed
More money, than what I need, indeed
Oh well - what the hell homes
Turn the beat down, talkin' on the cell phone

Hang up, who the fuck is callin' next
If I don't talk, then I got's to text
Remember back in the 80s
All you needed was a pager, for the ladies

Post Y2K - Way more stress
A cellphone - a slave GPS
I used to think having cellphones was cool
But people wanna call, while I'm jammin, fool

Tryin' to make money fightin' with my wife
Music snuck out my life
Try to play music when I get the chance
Gained so much weight I can hardly dance

[Hook]
Play me some music
When I'm feelin' low
And I don't have
Nowhere to go
Play me some music
In the ghe-e-tto
Whatever problems I have
I'mma just let go

[Part 4]
Broke out my CDs
Records, tapes, MP3's
Play that, play that, play this, play this
Make me a dope ass playlist

Turn up the bass punk don't be no goof
No auxiliary, use the bluetooth
I live in the woods, so don't come around
Hell no I won't turn my music down

Went to BestBuy and bought a stereo
Plug it in to the wall and now here we go
So if you get a phone call turn it down low
Take it outside y'all

I used to play music, befo' I got rich
Now I talk on the cellphone and fuckin bitch
I see you phone call, I decline and refuse it
Fromie don't play that shit

[Hook]
Play me some music
When my money's low
And I don't have
Nowhere to go
Play me some music
In the ghe-e-tto
Whatever problems I have
I'mma just let go

[Part 5]
Play me some music
When I arise
Thank you lord
For openin' my eyes

Play me some music
While I take my bath
Make me sing
Make me la-a-augh

Play me some music
While I cook my food
Keep me dancing
In a real good mood (yea)

Play me some music
While I iron my clothes
I can't let down
All the fine ass hoes

Play me some music
While I wash my car
Ride around
Like a movie sta-a-ar

Play me some music
While I make my cash
Sellin' weed
Beer and hash

Play me some music
While I pimp my hoes
Ride around
On rims and 

[?]

Play me some music
Music music music
Music music music

Play me some music
After a hurricane
Give me shelter
From the rain

Play me some music
When a family member dies
And all I can do
Is hug someone and cry

Play me some music
When my woman leaves
And all I have
Is memories

Play me some musi-i-ic
When I can't laugh
And IRS
Takes all I have

Will you play me some music
For all the illegal stops
And everyone
Who gets robbed by the cops

Play me some music
When I drink my beers
Wipe my tears
And spread my cheers

Play me some music
Music music music
Music music music

[Intro]
Light that up man whats happening, uh hah!

[Hook]
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
(Baby) Cold Fro-T-5
We going to the park after dark
And smoke that tumble weed
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
Baby, (Yeah) Cold Fro-T-5 (I love ya baby)

[Verse 1]
Well it's fro twentie and I gots to drive
Through my neighbourhood  for some Cold Fro-T-5
What love for a hustler, liquor store briefing
Move quickly everybody beefing
Cold Fro-T-5 two zig zags
Two car 

[?] with expired tags
Liquor store empty getaway parking just in case bullets start barking
I flirt with the fine hoes then I  crack jokes with the wineo's
I know where the Cold Fro-T-5 is at in and out like that 20 seconds flat
Money on the counter buy this warm I can get shot if you take too long
I ride it around the corner and throw it in park fo the sheriff swim up like a shark (Nearr)
Close the gate and hope out the car
Start back selling my caviar
Whats up my plastic cup my stereo turned all the way up

[Hook]
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
Baby, Cold Fro-T-5
We going to the park after dark
And smoke that tumble weed
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
Baby, Cold Fro-T-5 five (Hell I love ya baby)

[Verse 2]
Rough expression on my face
Why do I like that nasty taste
Maybe it's why I like to buzz
Don't get who you is or who you was
I like to cruise the avenues
When smoking weed and having brews
Let all four of my windows down
Pound the ground with my OG sound
I got warrants and the shit ain't fun
When you getting handcuffed on a liquor store run (Goddamn)
Got pretty women every one
And a brother can't help but stop
And stare at eye's lips, teeth, hair, breasts, thighs, dairy air
If she do or don't reply, I still feel good walking by

[Hook]
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
Baby, Cold Fro-T-5
We going to the park after dark
And smoke that tumble weed
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
Baby, (Yeah) Cold Fro-T-5 (I love ya baby)

[Verse 3]
Remember that night I seen your dog
Drunk ass hell in senior frog
Hug my neck shake my hand
Smoke that blunt with Afroman
Hit that bong, play my song
Put it on repeat all night long
It went platinum overseas and gold in the states
Got a new album with hella tour dates
Got my own label Mr. Mix-On-The-Turntables
Of if your a true fan you can go Facebook dot com backslash OG Afroman
Eighty-three shady g you too k my Facebook page but I took your lady with me
I rap the best I rap west I even took money from the IRS

[Hook]
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
Baby, Cold Fro-T-5
We going to the park after dark
And smoke that tumble weed
Cold Fro-T-5, Cold Fro-T-5
Baby, Cold Fro-T-5 (I love ya baby)

[Verse 4]
Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody
Just wave your hands in the air
And wave it like you just don't care everywhere
Just wave your hands in the air
And wave it like you just don't care everywhere
If your not going home till your drunk and high
Let me here you say oh yeah (Oh yeah)
Oh yeah (Oh yeah) Oh yeah (Oh yeah)
Let me hear you say 'smoke marijuana, smoke mari-marijuana' (Smoke marijuana, smoke mari-marijuana)
Everybody say 'smoke marijuana, smoke mari-marijuana' (Smoke marijuana, smoke mari-marijuana)
When I say 'hy' you say 'dro'; hy (dro) hy (dro)
When I say 'hy' you say 'dro'; hy (dro) hy (dro)
Buzzin (Buzzin) buzzin; buzzin like a bumble bee
Don't want nobody (Don't want nobody) To worry me
Tipsy (Tipsy) Travel like a gypsy
Tipsy (Tipsy) Travel like a gypsy
Now cars and house I might not own
Bad old brother on the microphone
I drink it all day I drink all night
Don't worry about me baby I'm be alright
Buzzin (Buzzin) Buzzin; buzzin like a bumble bee
Don't want nobody (Don't want nobody) To worry me
Tipsy (Tipsy) Travel like a gypsy
Tipsy (Tipsy) Travel like a gypsy
(Snoop Dogg)
KJ with in the strip club with Crip cuz
Yeah It's about to go down
All I wanna do is smoke a blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you
Let me smoke this blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you
All I wanna do is smoke a blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you
Let me smoke this blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you

(Snoop Dogg)
Know what your up for I know you get off at 4
And I know what your doing
I amn your pleasure for sure
Six in the morn-ning and I'ms till doing it
I know your legs tied by the fire
Relax by the fire here now blaze up the fire
Cause see all night youv been working the strip club
Just wanna sit in the hot tub and make love
To a real ass nigga and I'm your cup of tea
Come be my company baby come fuck with me
Smoke with me and elope with me
Flambe meringue with some potpourri
Eloquently speaking educated in the words of beyonce
You upgrade invintation only
And you invited by the one and only Snoop D-O double G
(Snoop Dogg & ???????? )
All I wanna do is smoke a blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you
Let me smoke this blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you
All I wanna do is smoke a blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you
Let me smoke this blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you

(Afroman)
She's a sexy ass fan she hugs my neck and say I love you Afroman I dont mean to bug you but I want to kiss you I wanna hug you bought my CD and T-shirt autograph on her tittys and her miniskirt Afroman laets take a picture
Baby let a pimp get with you will you send you that picture
Please I 'm trying to get you on your hands and knee
Were not intimated mutual attraction stimulated
Jump in my coup and smoke some Fro-G Kush
Or some leaf by Snoop
All I wanna do is smoke a blunt with you
Have a few drinks and make love to you

(Snoop Dogg & Afroman)
All I wanna do is smoke a blunt with you (smoke a blunt with you)
Have a few drinks and make love to you (make love to you)
Let me smoke this blunt with you (blunt with you)
Have a few drinks and make love to you (make love to you)
All I wanna do is smoke a blunt with you  (blunt with you)
Have a few drinks and make love to you (make love to you)
Let me smoke this blunt with you (blunt with you)
Have a few drinks and make love to you (make love to you)
Yeah Uh huh
The gock !
Said Colt 45 and two Zigzags
Baby, that's all we need
We can go to the park after dark
And smoke that tumbleweed
As the marijuana burn we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech and Chong
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong
So roll, roll, roll my joint
Pick out the seeds and stems
Feeling high as hell
Flyin' through Palmdale
Skatin on Dayton rims
So roll, roll, the '83 Cadillac Coupe De Ville
If my tapes and my CDs just don't sell, I bet my cabby will
Well it was just sundown in small white town
They call it Eastside Palmdale (Well.)
When the Afroman walked through the white land
Houses went up for sale (Sale)
Well, I was standing on the corner sellin' rap CDs
When I met a little girl named Jan (Jan)
I let her ride in my caddy
Because I didn't know her daddy was the leader of the Ku Klux Klan
We fucked on the bed
Fucked on the floor
Fucked so long I grew a fuckin' afro
Then I fucked to the left (left)
Fucked to the right (right)
She sucked my dick 'til the shit turned white
I thought to myself sheeba-sheeba
Got my ass lookin' like a zebra
I put on my clothes and I was on my way
Until her daddy pulled up in a Chevrolet
So I ran - I jumped out the back window
But her daddy he was waitin' with a two-by-four
Oh, he beat me to the left
He beat me to the right
The motherfucker whooped my ass all night
But I ain't mad at her prejudiced dad
That's the best damn pussy I ever had
Got a bag of weed and a bottle of wine
I'mma fuck that bitch just one more time
Colt 45 and two Zigzags
Baby, that's all we need
We can go to the park after dark
And smoke that tumbleweed
As the marijuana burn we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech and Chong
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong
So roll, roll, roll my joint
Pick out the seeds and stems
Feeling high as hell
Flyin' through Palmdale
Skatin on Dayton rims
So roll, roll, the '83 Cadillac Coupe De Ville
If my tapes and my CDs just don't sell, I bet my cabby will
I met this lady in Hollywood
She had green hair, but damn she looked good
I took her to my house because she was fine
But she whipped out a dick that was bigger than mine
I met this lady from Japan
Never made love with an African
I fucked her once, (once)
I fucked her twice (twice)
I ate that pussy like shrimp-fried rice
Don't be amazed at the stories I tell ya (tell ya)
I met a woman in the heart of Australia
Had a big butt and big titties too
So I hopped in her ass like a kangaroo
See I met this woman from Hawaii
Stuck it in her ass and she said 

[Aiee!]
Lips was breakfast, pussy was lunch
Then her titties busted open with Hawaiian Punch
I met Colonel Sanders' wife in the state of Kentucky
Said I brought some chicken if you just fuck me
I came in her mouth, it was a crisis
I gave her my secret blend of herbs and spices
Colt 45 and two Zigzags
Baby, that's all we need
We can go to the park after dark
And smoke that tumbleweed
And as the marijuana burn we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech and Chong (Hey wait a minute, man, check this out...)
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong
I met Dolly Parton in Tennessee
Her titties were filled with Hennessy
That country music really drove me crazy
But I rode that ass and said "Yes, Miss Daisy!"
Met this lady in Oklahoma
Put that pussy in a coma
Met this lady in Michigan
I can't wait 'til I fuck that bitch again
Met a real black girl down in South Carolina
Fucked her until she turned into a white albina
Fucked this hooker in Iowa
I fucked her on credit, so I owe her
Fucked this girl down in Georgia
Came in her mouth, man I thought I told ya
Met this beautiful sexy hoe
She just ran across the border of Mexico
Fine young thing said her name's Maria
I wrapped her up just like a hot tortilla
I wanna get married but I can't afford it
I know I'm gonna cry when she get deported
Colt 45 and two Zigzags
Baby, that's all we need
We can go to the park after dark
And smoke that tumbleweed
And as the marijuana burn we can take our turn
Singin' them dirty rap songs
Stop and hit the bong like Cheech and Chong
(Hey wait a minute man, hey fuck that shit)
And sell tapes from here to Hong Kong

[Intro: Chad Mac]
Here's a little story that must be told
About a good ol'boy that got put on hold
They tried to hold me back from fortune and fame
But real country boys stay true to the game

[Verse 1: Chad Mac]
Yeah, Chad Mac in the place
And this is for the jacked up trucks with the bass
And the mud grip tires
They tried to stomp me out but I'm hotter than a bonfire
Every time I drink 190 proof
My deer blind turns into a DJ Booth
This is how we party in the woods
So call up your folks and tell 'em it's all good

[Chorus]
Turn up the radio we got the beer iced down
The moon is shining so pass it around
Tell ya friends and ya family that its all good
'Cause this is how we do it when we party in the woods

[Verse 2: Afroman]
Afroman growing weed like a hippie
Party in the woods when I'm in Mississippi
I told Chad Mac my Cadillac might get stuck
Pick me up in the truck
He came from the back woods to my back hood
(I got my pedal to the metal and the 4 Wheels drive its all good)
Listen to the mutters water splashing out the gutters

[Chorus]
Turn up the radio we got the beer iced down
The moon is shining so pass it around
Tell ya friends and ya family that its all good
'Cause this is how we do it when we party in the woods

[Verse 3: Chad Mac]
This is how we do it in the sticks
Just some good ol' boys on that down south shit
If your country than you feel it
We party in the woods cause we all bout that real tree
Mudzillas on my shit cause they bite well
High beams cutting trails like a white tail
This how we partying so call up your folks and tell 'em it's all good

[Chorus]
Turn up the radio we got the beer iced down
The moon is shining so pass it around
Tell ya friends and ya family that its all good
'Cause this is how we do it when we party in the woods

[Verse 4: Afroman]
I was born in LA raised (Palmdale) from the west coast where my rap tapes really don't sell
"Well," I went down south with a colt 45 and a blunt in my mouth
After sippin' Bacardi I started spittin' up the stupid all brickless part My grass roots stands from the woods of old grow
Help me take the shit off the stove

[Chorus]
Turn up the radio we got the beer iced down
The moon is shining so pass it around
Tell ya friends and ya family that its all good
'Cause this is how we do it when we party in the woods

[Intro: DJ Drama]
Y'all know what this is
Tunechi Gang
Pump, what's up?

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Lean made me swerve in the cruising lane (swerve)
Your money funny like Pootie Tang
Had to leave Cash Money, had to do my thing (swerve)
New password, new username (yahh)
My new teams loves having newer things (yahh)
One phone call and my jeweler came
I bought you and you and you and you and you a chain (brrp)
Daddy got bust at the gun range (tah!)
My drugs cost more than your mortgage (mortgage)
The hoes gon' throw 'em out regardless (regardless)
I'ma throw the hoes another party
Nigga, I ain't got hoes, I got an audience, damn
Every week fashion week, runway (runway)
Fly the bitch overseas, one way (one way)
The bitch come around here and go both ways
Made her eat so much pussy, need a lunch break, damn
She don't even hable inglés (inglés)
Got the booty with the thighs and a shrunk waist (damn)
And right between her thighs is an entreé (damn)
And she know I'ma need more than one plate, yeah
And I look up in the sky through my sun shades (yeah)
Lookin' in the eyes of a sun ray
I ask it "Can I shine," it say "All day"
Made the sign of the cross over the heart ray, amen
Boom, bang, red beam, blue flame (blue flame)
Tunechi got clique like Hussein (Hussein)
Stick that kick like Liu Kang
My bitch got tits and two chains
Damn, I'm tied to the track of a money train (money train)
You blind to the fact, that's a fuckin' shame (fuckin' shame)
I still countin' bread with the butter stains (ooh)
Got the world on my back, you got puppet strings, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Groupie gang, groupie gang, groupie gang, groupie gang
Groupie gang, groupie gang, groupie gang

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yo' bitch fucked 'til the Uber came
My clique love sipping Houston drank
Yeah, that's purple, magenta, and fuchsia, man (yah)
My bitch love watching Boomerang (yah)
My kids love watching Stranger Things
It's guerilla warfare, y'all orangutans (ooh)
She gon' hit the cocaine like a hurricane (yah)
It gon' make her do a whole lot of other things (yah)
It gon' make her takeoff then jump off of the plane
Make her race racecars in the lovin' lane, pyong!
Make her drop the top, feel the summer rain
Make her pussy come again, tell these pussies "Come again"
Fuck her hard fuck her soft, she want love and pain
She gon' have to walk it off or do the running man (pyong!)
Nigga, fuck the game, fuck the game, fuck the game (fuck the game)
What they think it's wonderland? Think it's fun and games (nah)
These funny ass niggas think they Martin Payne
Try to walk it like you talk it, never walk again (ayy!)
Hundred thousand flat in a rubber band
But I could get you whacked for some pocket change (brrt)
And my niggas snap like the paparazzi gang (brrat)
And you know they say a picture say a thousand things (brrt)
She wanna be with me and feel alive again
She wanna join the gang but she gotta train
I never knew her name, still forgot her name
Thots shall never ever thot again
I flew her to Columbia, her body changed (pssh!)
She came back home with the model frame
Now all the hoes wanna know her doctor name
All these hoes looking for a power change, brrt
Damn, who that is? Him? Not again (not again)
He don't get the picture 'til it's out the frame (out the frame)
Nigga washed up like a box of Gain (box of Gain)
He don't get the scripture 'til the choir sang
Amen, Tunechi mane, Tunechi mane, mula gang (mula gang)
Live life, Superman running through the veins
Street smart, nigga, I could be a tutor mane
My shooters aim at your motherfucking pupil, mane, bang
Talk stupid, it's your block, we gon' be loopin', mane (skrt!)
My gang stay away from the trooper gang
Spit flame like my name King Koopa, mane
But if the pussy sweet, you can call me Sugar Shane, ayy

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
Groupie gang, groupie gang, groupie gang, groupie gang
Groupie gang, groupie gang, groupie gang

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Your bitch out of my groupie gang
Can't blame her, I give you to blame
Eat xan bars like Nutrigain
Coochi better smell like sushi mane
Another pain pill, that'll sooth the pain
Tunechi mane, Tunchi mane, mula gang
Groupie gang, groupie gang
Groupie gang, groupie gang
Your bitch out of my groupie gang
Your bitch fucked 'til the Uber came
My bitch love to do hookah mane
My black barbies got booty fame (damn)
My white barbies got Hooters fame (damn)
I'm a eye doctor that you should blame (yeah)
When she tell you she don't wanna see you again (yuh)
The lean made me swerve in the crusing lane (swerve)
Your money funny like Pootie Tang (ha)
Had to leave Cash Money, had to do my thing (swerve)
New password, new username, ayy

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Thots shall never ever thot again
Thots shall never ever thot again
Thots shall never ever thot again
Thots shall never ever thot again

[Snoop Dogg]
Anybody having a good time tonight?
Do y'all want more?
Anybody having a good time tonight?
What up though?
Yeah, west, west y'all
Do y'all want more?
(Yeah I want more)
Anybody having a good time tonight?
HA-HA yeah
Check it-check it out y'all
Bigg Snoop Dogg presents... The Big Squeeze
Yeah check it out
Now what I wanted to do on this record right here
I wanted to produce this whole muthafuckin' record from start to finish
And I wanted to put out all the niggas that I'm fuckin' with ya dig?
Since ain't nobody else givin' 'em a shot
I got the gauge in my hands so I'ma bust wit' 'em
Be on the lookout for my niggas Warzone, MC Eiht, Goldie Loc, and Kam
Can't forget about the Western Union, Damani, Bad Lucc, and Soopafly
Oh yeah, and my nigga Kurupt doin' his solo record
Oh yeah, my nigga Terrace Martin, can't forget about Uncle Chucc, J. Black, and the lovely Azuré
Ya dig? That's what it is man, Bigg Snoop Dogg, The Big Squeeze
I'm takin' over this muthafucka for '07
Do y'all want more?
Holla, if you want it I got it
Drippin' like water, Bigg Snoop Dogg nigga, the king of the west
Do y'all want more?
Anybody having a good time tonight?
Smoke som' nigga
Yeah, I'ma let y'all get your groove on
So I'ma bang this record for y'all
And I know you gon' love it
So uh, y'all have a good time
Do y'all want more?
Now we just goin' sideways on the body in there
Slide left y'all yeah yeah
Slide left y'all yeah
Now enjoy this muthafuckin' record
Aye Priest stop the beat so I could uh-
Get these niggas ready for that shit
Bang
I believe this to be the truth
And I pray it doesn't bore you
I don't believe life happens to you
I believe life happens for you
I believe in more than I can see

I don't belive in right, I don't believe in wrong
I believe I'm a poem, though you believe I'm a song
I do not believe in dwelling on the shit you never had
I believe I'm a good kid tryna convince the world I'm bad
I believe this is Heaven! I believe this is hell!
I believe it's beautiful to be part of something bigger than yourself

Perhaps I'm the tool of another; a rock to be thrown at the wall
I believe those that really know say next to no words at all
So what does that say about me?
What's that say about us?
We're just six stars in the galaxy caught in the gravity of a tour bus

I believe that angels sometimes wear tattoos
I believe we like to numb ourselves
With shit food advertisements and bad booze
but I'm not a savior
Shit Kev, I'd be content with survivin'
Later I'll sing my more popular songs, that's all you really want
I believe in Matthew Musto
I believe in Jacob Scesney
I believe each one of us is free to believe what we want to believe!
Make some noise if you agree!
We are free; do you agree?
We are free; do you agree?
We are free; do you agree?

I believe the prophet speaks softly
This is all a dream
I believe that beautiful things do not beg to be seen
Beautiful things do not beg to be seen
I believe in God
Though I couldn't tell you why
I do not believe he's an old white man sitting on top of the sky
Rather a twinkle in an iris, an iris purple in bloom
I believe you can be happy in December just like you can be sad in June!

I believe I might not belong here
Maybe I showed up too soon
But for some odd reason,
I believe in every single living, breathing, beautiful soul inside of this room
There is nothing wrong with you!
Or you, or you, or you, or you, or you, or you, or you
And sometimes people come along and they try to change you to somebody new
Your teachers try to change you to somebody new
Your parents try to change you to somebody new
Your friends try to change you to somebody new
The TV tries to change you to somebody new
But when that happens all you have to do
Is say, "don't you ever, don't you ever!
Don't you ever ask the sun to shine more like the moon."
See, I believe in love
I'm probably young and naïve
but I believe
I believe
Dear Mom,
When I was young me and Mom had beef
17 years old kicked out on the street- I deserved that
I'm ashamed of the way I used to speak to you
Wish I could but I can't reverse that

Especially to you
Your daddy told you a woman's place is in the house and not in the school
You paid your own tuition, got your own degree
Started your own business, and then you had me
How can I repay the lady that looked me in the eyes when I took my first breath
Held my little hand when I took my first step
I can't wait to sell out that arena on my own for the first time
You always told me,
It's not your first try, it's how many tries after that
I mean how lucky am I
That I was born and you were mine?

Life's crazy
You know, my parents used to worry about me
'Cuz I barely talked to anybody
Just made beats
Now isn't it ironic I get paid by the syllable?
I gotta thank them though, I know it can be difficult
As I tiptoe in and out of zip codes,
All on a mission to love- that's what I live for!
I got big dreams Ma, I got big goals!
You see my old ones now because I lived those! Whoo!
You gotta admit Ma,
I told you I'd get into Duke, and I did Ma
I told you I would get signed, and I did Ma
Look at this Ma!
Look at this Ma!

But as I get older, you do too
Our time gets shorter, and that's just truth
So I leave with three words
They are not eloquent,
They are cliché,
And they are not clever,
They are:
I
Love
You
Are you entertained?
Are we everything you hoped for? Good.
Screams and smiles ain't really what we go for no more
Results in being in a cold war with my own ego

I'm floating on an ocean of solipsism, no shore
I gotta text from my ex
It said, "An artist, by definition, can never belong."
The bird does not sing because it has an answer
It sings because it has a song

Maybe my songs are songs,
And my microphone is pointing God's finger
Maybe I'm a prophet wearing the mask of a pop singer
Maybe I'm a sociopath, hoping the mainstream media picks me next
Maybe I'm a fake, I'm just here for the money and the free sex
Maybe I'm just tryna get my tour bus moving as fast as the Earth spins, but in the opposite direction,
So I finally feel like I'm standing still then

Maybe I'm on the brink of enlightenment
I'm David reincarnated
Maybe I just can't figure out how to separate
My love from my hate
Maybe my bar is too high
Thus my heart is still on the shelf
Maybe I'm just scared of putting time and commitment into anything but myself
Maybe beauty is more easily seen by the untrained eye
Maybe it's impossible to be a voice of a generation
And somebody's boyfriend at the same time

Maybe I'm headed for a disaster
I'm inching towards hell
Or maybe, I'm on the tip of something magnificent
Only time will tell

Maybe having no shtick has become my shtick
Maybe I only smile on stage-
And back there I'm a dick
Maybe I never took that pill in Ibiza- I made it up!
I know what sells, you're here
Maybe Mike Posner's a fake name, I'm really somebody else

Maybe I'm Illuminati
A mathematician, an engineer
Or maybe I really am Mike Posner!
One-sixth of the dopest fuckin' band you'll ever hear!

Maybe I'm what it looks like
When God moves at a slower pace
I'll never tell you who I really am
Because this... this, is my poker face
I love you back

Could be worse, huh?
Look where you are!
Reading the calendar today it said Park City,
We thought we were going to like a dive bar
Could be worse, right?

This piece is called 'Gratitude'
My band teacher told me quote-
"Mike, you ain't shit."
But it wasn't until I heard that that I quit
And bought that Motif, made them dope beats
Turned that old car to this window seat
Where it all makes sense
Now God gives me hints every time I burn incense
Don't that make you so incense? Mr. Z
Whoo! I blew up and ain't visit your class since
But wait- I didn't write this to say I told you so
Because without you I never would've sold out shows
I thought that was worth a page or two
Dear Mr. Z, this is dedicated to you
Gratitude, thank you
My dad called when Uncle Fred died
I didn't want my mom to see me cry
So I got 'em all out on the flight back
People looking at me funny but it's like that
See Uncle Freddie was a good guy
He was proud when I started to win
My aunt told me he loved me
And I swear to God she gave me one of his pens
And the same pen that I wrote this song with
The same pen that I'm about to put my team on with
Cuz he keeps giving me dope shit
And people keep on telling me "Mike, you're so sick"

I hope that's enough to change your mood
Transform a Utah sky from grey to blue
I thought that was worth a page or two
Dear Uncle Fred, this is dedicated to you
Gratitude, thank you

This verse can never pay you back
Shit
A lot of my friends never had no dads
And before we knew I had a six-style
Used to drive me to the studio to rap on the six mile
Showed me that a real man ain't afraid because he hugs, kisses, and cries
April to April stays faithful
Loves, listens, and tries
So when I do find Mrs. Right,
Best believe that my game gonna be zipper tight
Like you're still making Mom breakfast every morning
You start her car up in the winter when it's snowing
Remember when you broke it down in New Orleans?
I didn't tell you I had my phone out recording it
Said, "Why'd you marry Mom?"
Said, "Well, Michael, in my heart, I knew I loved your mother."
And I said, "Is your heart more important than your head?"
Said, "I don't know, you're 28, you've got to figure some things out on your own."
Now that, ladies and gentlemen, is some g-shit
When my son's 28 I'm gonna show him this poem
He's gonna need this
I'm sorry, but I thought that was worth a page or two
Dear Dad, this is dedicated to you
Gratitude, thank you
I got that soul
I got too much pride
I got a funny job
And there's no place to hide
But I got them songs
I got that real shit- I'm a savage!
I've got the looks and voice too,
Baby I'm the whole package

I got bars for days
Because I've been scarred in ways that are hard to say
Bodyguards can't save me from myself
I got exes
I got commitments I'm still running from
I got shooting stars, I got darkness, I got nightfall, I got suns
I got Jesus Christ
I got Buddha
I got Mohammed in my swag
I got piano fingers
I got 50 songs in the bag
I got the music and the poetry in my head
It's always going in the background
Zach, I got the psilocybin running in my veins
Couple mushrooms hidden in the black lounge
Now I got your attention
And I can do whatever I want with it
I got a need to be loved
Spotlight isn't gone is it?
I got my daddy in my heart
Even when he's not around
Tell Bruce it's cool when he wants to chill
The Mike Posner Band, we here, we got it now
I got a legacy in the Midwest!
My old stomping grounds
I done come this far, ain't no way in hell I'm stopping now!

I came this far, ain't no way in hell
Ain't no way in hell I'm stopping now

I got that good cologne
I got that courage inside of me
I got one of the best bands in the world
Standing right here behind me
I got a kick drum for a heart
I got a hi-hat in my step
I got this feeling in my mind we might be the best
I got the vibe in my veins, I'm tryna explain
I'm done tryna explain why I'm so strange

I got a freedom fighter's heart, a Navy Seal's discipline
I got North Carolina blue and a grey found only in Michigan
I got a mother that's a killer
A sister that's a hippie
I got way too many women in my past,
Groupies in every city
Groupies in every city
And I got money now, you can't buy me
I keep telling my managers all of this shit I will not do
I got Scesney, I got James, I got Nate, I got Kev, I got Ben
And Edmonton, tonight, I guess I got you
And didn't I? Didn't I get you?
Didn't we cut through this shit like a knife?
I got a question
If I keep pretending I'm not gonna have a death,
How can I live a good life?
No cheers for that, but it doesn't matter
No
If I keep pretending I'm not gonna have a death,
How can I live a good life?

My friends say I got it all
I tell 'em I only got love
I got what I got
And maybe, maybe that's enough
Thank you to the Mike Posner band
When I was 21 I met Kanye
I was really excited because I was a struggling musician
He was one of my heroes,
And I knew if he liked my music he could change my life

My friend Big Sean introduced us
Then Sean played him a song of mine
"Kanye, this is Mike. He made the song you just heard."
And he said, "Cool!" and gave me a fist bump
Awkward silence ensued
So I said, "did you like it?"
He said to me, "no."
And he wasn't being mean he was just being honest
He's not the kind of guy to tell you he likes something when he doesn't think it's good
And I must have been wearing my broken heart on my face
Because he said to me, "sorry, sorry man."

Sean bumped it, you set it, I had to spike it
And in that moment all I wanted to do was make more music
I couldn't wait
So that's exactly what I did
It lit a fire up in me!
It lit a fire up in me!
It lit a fire up in me!
And no setback,
No hater hiding behind a keyboard,
No member of the press,
No sickness in the family,
No bodily injury,
No bad day,
Nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing could ever burn out
Massey's on my side, it's my turn now
We're going straight to the top boys
Buckle them seatbelts, hop on this back right here
I don't need help!
I didn't come here to tell you that I can do some things that you can't do
I didn't come to change you
I came to tell you that if you look deep enough inside, underneath the curfews, perfumes, etc.
I bet you'd find a flame too

I want to thank you for having us
We're the Mike Posner Band
Oh yeah, and I saw Kanye a few years later at the EMAs
And he said, "Mike Posner, I really like some of your songs."
I heard the story of the soldier and the boy not too long ago
There was a soldier in Afghanistan,
and he's about 6 months into his campaign,
and he's really struggling; he's in and out of combat every day
He was drinking a lot, and he keeps hearing from these towns people that there's this boy
There's this magical boy, and he's, he's meditating under a tree, and most of the time he hears it, he says, "Ah, that's a bunch of bullshit."
But one night, he's especially missing home, and he's drinking, and he thinks, "I'm gonna go find this fucking boy under the tree."
So he climbs up the mountain, and sure enough, there's a little kid, maybe 10 or 11 years old, and he's sitting under the tree cross-legged with his eyes closed, and the soldier says, "Hello."
The boy doesn't move.
The solider starts to get mad.
He said, "You don't know. If you know so much, teach me about Heaven and Hell."
The boy opens his eyes slowly, and he says, "You want me to teach you about Heaven and Hell? Look at you. You smell bad. You're not a real soldier. You got dip in your mouth, you reek of alcohol, you're drunk. I can't teach you about Heaven and Hell." And the soldier's getting madder and madder.
The veins in his neck are starting to poke out.
He takes his revolver out, and points it at the boy's head, and the boy says, "That's Hell."
The soldier realizes this boy has just sacrificed his life.
He put it on the line to teach him.
He puts the gun down and starts to cry, and the boy says, "That's Heaven."
My name's Mike Posner, we're The Mike Posner Band, thank you, guys.
These are a couple more poems from the summer of 2016, that I thought didn’t stink. There are more of these on YouTube, it’s hard to get the rights to legally release them, so enjoy and if you really like ‘em, go down the YouTube hole and there’s more.
I love you, this is "i was born in detroit on a very very very very very very very cold day", Part 2.
A"Acting Like a Boy"
"A Little More Like You"*
"All Night Diner"
"All of the Girls"*
"American Boy"
"Am I Ready for Love"
"Angelina"
"Anymore"*
"A Perfectly Good Heart (Studio Demo)"
"A Place in This World (Studio Demo)"B"Babe"
"Baby Blue"*
"Barnyard Song"
"Beautiful Day"*
"Beautiful Days"*
"Beautiful Eyes (Studio Demo)"
"Being with My Baby"
"Better Off"
"Bother Me"
"Boys and Love"*
"Brand New World"
"Brought Up That Way"
"By the Way"C"Can I Go With You"
"Castles Crumbling"*
"Check Out This View"
"Closest to a Cowboy"
"Cold As You (Demo Version 1)"
"Cold As You (Demo Version 2)"
"Cold As You (Piano Demo)"
"Come In With the Rain (Studio Demo)"
"Come In With the Rain (Acoustic Demo)"
"Crazier (Studio Demo)"
"Crazier (Alternate Studio Demo)"
"Cross My Heart"D"Dark Blue Tennessee"
"Didn't They"
"Don't Hate Me For Loving You"
"Don't You"
"Down Came the Rain"
"Drama Queen"*EF"Fall Back on You"
"Family"
"Fearless (Studio Demo)"
"Fire"
"Firefly"
"Foolish One"*
"For You"/"4 U"G"Gail's Song"*
"Going Louder Folks"*
"Goodbye Butterfly"*
"Go Slow"*
"Gracie"H"Halfway to Texas"*
"Heaven"*
"Her"*
"His Lies"*
"Honey Baby"
"Houston Rodeo"*I"I Bet You Think About Me"
"I Can See You"*
"I'd Lie"
"I Heart ? (Studio Demo)"
"I Know What I Want (It Ain't You)"
"I'm Looking Out For You"
"I'm Only Me When I'm With You (Studio Demo)"
"I Need You Now"
"Invisible (Studio Demo)"
"In the Pouring Rain"
"I Used to Fly"
"I Wished On a Plane"J"Just South of Knowing Why (Drive All Night)"K"Kid In the Crowd"*L"Let's Go"
"Live For The Little Things"
"Look At You Like That"
"Long Time Coming"
"Love They Haven't Thought of Yet"
"Love to Lose"
"Lucky You"M"Made Up You"
"Making Up for Lost Love"
"Mandolin"
"Mary Jo"*
"Mary's Song (Oh My My My) 

[Studio Demo]"
"Mary's Song (Oh My My My) 

[Acoustic Demo]"
"Matches"
"Me and Britney"
"Mr. Perfectly Fine"
"My Cure"
"My Turn to Be Me"N"Nashville"*
"Need"*
"Never Fade"
"Never Mind"
"None of the Above"*
"Nothin' New"*
"Not One Day"*O"One-Sided Goodbye"*
"One Thing"
"One Way Ticket"
"Our Last Night"
"Our Song (Studio Demo)"P"Perfect Have I Loved"
"Perfect Have I Loved (Studio Demo)"
"Permanent Marker"
"Picture to Burn (Studio Demo)"
"Picture to Burn (Acoustic Demo)"
"Point of View"QR"Rain Song"
"R.E.V.E.N.G.E."
"Ride of Our Lives"*
"Ride On"*S"Same Girl"
"Scream"*
"Someone Just Told Me"*
"Someone Loves You"*
"Sparks Fly (Original Version)"
"Spinning Around"
"Stay Beautiful (Studio Demo)"
"Stay Beautiful (Acoustic Demo)"
"Stupid Boy"
"Sugar"
"Sunshine"
"Superstar (Studio Demo)"
"Superstar (Acoustic Demo)"
"Sweet Tea and God's Graces"T"Teardrops on My Guitar (Studio Demo)"
"Teardrops on My Guitar (Acoustic Demo)"
"Teardrops on My Guitar (Alternate Demo)"
"Tell Me"
"Ten Dollars and a Six Pack"
"Tennessee"
"That's Life"
"That's When"
"The Diary of Me"
"The Other Side of the Door (Studio Demo)"
"The Outside (Studio Demo)"
"Thinkin' 'Bout You"
"Thirteen Blocks (Can't Call It Love)"
"This Here Guitar"
"This Is Really Happening"
"This Is What You Came For (Demo)"
"This One's Different"*
"Thug Story" (feat. T-Pain)
"Tied Together with a Smile (Studio Demo)"
"Tied Together with a Smile (Acoustic Demo)"
"'Til Brad Pitt Comes Along"
"Timeless"*
"Tim McGraw (Acoustic Demo)"
"Tim McGraw (Piano Demo)"
"Today"*
"Too Beautiful"*U"Under My Head"VW"Wait For Me"
"Welcome Distraction"
"We Were Happy"
"What Do You Say"
"What to Wear"
"White Horse (Studio Demo)"
"Who I've Always Been"
"Wonderful Things"*
"Writing Songs About You"XY"You"*
"You All Over Me"
"You Belong With Me (Acoustic Demo)"*
"You Do"
"You Don't Have to Call Me"
"Your Anything"
"Your Picture"*Z

[?] bad days, tell me, I'll 

[?]

[?] look so sad? You feel 

[?]

[?] know you thought you had it
I know all about that
You had planned out, saw the 

[?]
You, I'm a dreamer, too
Lost the 

[?] but I'll be right 

[?]
And I'll take care of you

If you get knocked off your feet
I'll try to see it coming
I'll get a symphony to play that song 

[?] 

[love?]
Pick you up, take your hand, stop your crying
There's no chance you won't make it through
I'm looking out for you

Beneath those scared eyes
There's something wonderful
That you don't know you have
I know you're scared but I'd pass up a miracle
Just to hear you laugh
If you get tired of me, I'll pretend to let you go
If you need room to breathe, step back and watch you go

Sweet child, you've seen better days
But you know it's gonna be okay
Show me that smile you got from your father
It's gonna be fine just because you got my love, you got my love

[Verse 1]
I want it all to appear before my eyes when he smiles
Maybe I'm wrong but I don't think Romeo would be my kind of guy
I want a love that's sweeter than roses
And for me this is how it's gonna be

[Chorus]
Like there's a fairytale guy
And he whispers sweet lullabies
And the music plays from nowhere
As we dance in the pale moonlight
With candles and fireflies all night
Everybody thinks about love
I want love they haven't thought of yet

[Verse 2]
Here on the couch with a box of chocolates that I bought myself
I'll wait it out but sometimes my patience just needs a little help
It's what you get when your heartstrings are so tied
I don't regret it 'cause it needs to be perfect

[Chorus]
Like there's a fairytale guy
And he whispers sweet lullabies
And he music plays from nowhere
As we dance in the pale moonlight
With candles and fireflies all night
Everybody thinks about love
I want love they haven't thought of yet

I want my own little storybook ending
We'll make it up as we go

[Chorus]
There's a fairytale guy
And he whispers sweet lullabies
And the music plays from nowhere
As we dance in the pale moonlight
With candles and fireflies all night
Everybody thinks about love
I want love they haven't thought of yet
I want love they haven't thought of yet
Get strapped up bitch it gon get bumpy
Can’t trump me,Donald Duck’s want that bread,always responding to em quite bluntly
Im grumpy,cat in the hat,also got a gat,bullet to the back
You don’t know jack,boy get smacked,bodies in a sack,This the predator pack,too big for your boots,haven’t quite a hoot,in it for the loot,want some diamonds maybe a suit,whale a hoe like pearl,nigga fuck that lil bitch earl,2018 nigga,want that Grammy,fuck Beyoncé and jay,now the pot swirl,don’t mind me,dear dear diary,you can find me,i ain’t no kind fiend,lil bitch just watch me assign these goons,see you soon,maybe monday noon,don’t forget the tune,tune of the loons,damn

[Verse 1]
There's a hole in my heart
No one else can fill it
There's a feeling I have
No one can replace
There's a taste in my mouth
No one else can give me
There's a song that I hear
No one can erase

[Pre-Chorus]
Why would I want them to?
I'm still looking back at you
Why would I want them to be you?

[Chorus]
You'll always be a part of me
What you love can never let you go
You'll always be inside of me
Like a flower you grow

[Verse 2]
There's a strange melody
Sends me straight to heaven
There's a voice in my head
No one else can hear
There's a prayer that I say
Always brings me closer
To the presence of you
To always have you near

[Pre-Chorus]
No one can take your place
I'm still looking at your face
No one can take the place of you

[Chorus]
You'll always be a part of me
What you love can never let you go
You'll always be inside of me
Like a flower you grow
Like a flower you grow

[Pre-Chorus]
Why would I want them to?
I'm still looking back at you
Why would I want them to be you?

[Chorus]
You'll always be a part of me
What you love can never let you go
You'll always be inside of me
Like a flower you grow

You'll always be a part of me
What you love can never let you go
You'll always be inside of me
Like a flower you grow
Like a flower you grow

[Intro: Trey Songz]
Ay, this for you, baby
You know who I'm talkin' to

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
This your favorite song when they put it on
Girl, I know you know it's all about you
I ain't saying no names, but you know what I'm saying
I could tell it by the way that you move

[Verse 1: Branonthetrack]
Did this for you, so you know wassup
I ain't really down with games, you're the one I want
Don't really gotta think twice
Take my hand, let me show you what a man like
I ain't like them other dudes, I'm different
Your friends don't like me, so they always start trippin'
I'm missin' you every time I get lonely
Always right there when you text me, "Come, homie"
I, know you the one
So gon' give it to me, I'm the one you trust
Let go of whatever past
I got everything I need to make sure that you're my last
I got everything you want, so baby put it down
Know exactly what to do to make you wanna smile
You know this for you
Stop playin', baby, you know how I do
How I do, how I do

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
This your favorite song when they put it on
Girl, I know you know it's all about you
I ain't saying no names, but you know what I'm saying
I could tell it by the way that you move
Girl, I bet you think this song is about you, don't you?
I bet you think this song is about you
Yeah, I bet you think this song is about you, don't you?
I bet you think this song is about you

[Verse 2: Trey Songz]
Call up all your friends on the phone right now
Tell 'em all to come up to the room right now
It's a lot of things we could do right now
'Bout to get another room right now
Front desk calling up, saying, "Turn that down"
Take another puff, baby, burn that now
It's a lot of girls, it's a ton
You know you're the one

[Pre-Chorus: Trey Songz]]
Got a room full of fly girls, got a thing for a shy girl
Don't you want to be my girl? It's all about you
Get up on it like you should, girl
'Cause I love it when a hood girl, turn around and be a good girl

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
This your favorite song when they put it on
Girl, I know you know it's all about you
I ain't saying no names, but you know what I'm saying
I could tell it by the way that you move
Girl, I bet you think this song is about you, don't you?
I bet you think this song is about you
Yeah, I bet you think this song is about you, don't you?
I bet you think this song is about you

[Chorus: Trey Songz]
This your favorite song when they put it on
Girl, I know you know it's all about you
I ain't saying no names, but you know what I'm saying
I could tell it by the way that you move

[Outro]
Branonthetrack, onthetrack

[Hook: Chris Brown]
You can tell by the way I walk that I got 'em
Peel any girl that I wanna, got bitches and marijuana
I can tell by the way you move that you a problem
Peel any girl that I wanna, got bitches and marijuana
I got 'em, I got 'em
Ooh, she dance, she don't do it for free
I got 'em, I got 'em
Got bitches and marijuana

[Verse 1: Branonthetrack]
Treat my bitches like a blunt, hit it, pass it on
I don't do no foreplay, I just get it on
Say she wanna get it, while we play my songs
Bang bang like the base then she go home (bye, bitch)
They know, they know that I got it
2 grams in the blunt, blow like Bob Marley
Kickin' back with yo' chick, it's like a hobby
What they don't see doesn't hurt, don't tell nobody, nah
I can get you higher (higher, higher)
But don't play wit' it, nah
Baby, ride me like a Mercedes
Kill that pussy one time, now that's a 180-7
Uh, you better cuff yo' chick
You shoulda seen the way she roll that stick
She was puffin' all night, yeah, she got all lit
I can tell she never get enough of this, nah

[Hook: Chris Brown]
You can tell by the way I walk that I got 'em
Peel any girl that I wanna, got bitches and marijuana
I can tell by the way you move that you a problem
(you a problem)
Peel any girl that I wanna, got bitches and marijuana
I got 'em, I got 'em
Ooh, she dance, she don't do it for free
I got 'em, I got 'em
Got bitches and marijuana

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
Pull up, got the fat sack
With some clean motherfuckers, no hood rats
Yeah we suited and booted, you know your bitch 'bout to toot it
She want love from a nigga, that's a heart attack, yack
Loud pack, give me all of that
Don't be sending naked pics cause my phone tapped
Black mask, duffel bag and a hundred racks
I don't snitch but I could show you where the money at
Me nigga
It's right here
Got girls and they all on my lap, they with me nigga
Hell yeah
You see the Lambo parked in the trap, that's me nigga
I own it while you living on a lease nigga
I'm known to keep my bitches on a leash nigga
I smoke it by the pound, what you talking 'bout?
I dick your bitch down then I walk it out

[Hook: Chris Brown]
You can tell by the way I walk that I got 'em
Peel any girl that I wanna, got bitches and marijuana
I can tell by the way you move that you a problem
(you a problem)
Peel any girl that I wanna, got bitches and marijuana
I got 'em, I got 'em
Ooh, she dance, she don't do it for free
I got 'em, I got 'em
Got bitches and marijuana

[Hook]
Back in the Trap with that crack
Ride around town with that MAC and that strap in my lap
50,000 in my Goyard bag
Yves Saint Laurent and my Balmain pants
Look at the way that my diamonds dance
I just did a show over in France
Ran a M up the first chance
I'm back in the Trap with that crack in advance
Back in the Trap with that crack
Ride around town with that MAC and that strap in my lap
50,000 in my Goyard bag
Yves Saint Laurent and my Balmain pants
Look at the way that my diamonds dance
I just did a show over in France
Ran a M up the first chance
I'm back in the Trap with that crack in advance

[Verse]
Back in the Trap with that strap in my lap
Bad bitch in the passenger with a brick sittin' in the back
State-to-state lil nigga I'm movin' that pack
Step in Balenciaga with the strap and them racks
Jump out the jet then I walk in the trap
He hadda run up the M where the fuck they do that at
2022 Bentley black
My left wrist a Patek, I'm sittin' in the trap with that strap
I am Big Soulja, I'm mixin' the soda
I'm meetin' my quota, my right wrist ebola
I pull up 2020 Range Rover
Standin' in the trap and I'm servin' that gas, smell the odor
Fake nigga pull up with that MAC-11
Don't try this shit nigga we send you to heaven
Mini Draco that my favorite weapon
Balenciaga in the Trap when I'm steppin'

[Hook]
Back in the Trap with that crack
Ride around town with that MAC and that strap in my lap
50,000 in my Goyard bag
Yves Saint Laurent and my Balmain pants
Look at the way that my diamonds dance
I just did a show over in France
Ran a M up the first chance
I'm back in the Trap with that crack in advance
Back in the Trap with that crack
Ride around town with that MAC and that strap in my lap
50,000 in my Goyard bag
Yves Saint Laurent and my Balmain pants
Look at the way that my diamonds dance
I just did a show over in France
Ran a M up the first chance
I'm back in the Trap with that crack in advance

[Chorus]
I got the pack the racks, you know
I got them bricks, they came out the bowl
All of my niggas they whip, stand in the trap, nigga turn on the stove
I got the bricks, nigga let's go
I got the bricks, the bag, the bowl
Hunned pounds came in I serve em by the load
Woah, I'm servin' and go
I got them bricks in the bowl, like stand in the trap and turn on the stove
Aye, gang gang gang, serve by the load
I got the bricks in a bowl, like stand in the trap, nigga turn the stove on
​

[Verse 1]
Stand in the trap and I turn the stove on
Stand in the trap and I got a whole bowl
Pull up, Porsche, nigga i'm gone
New customer, I gotta serve the whole load
Lil' dray nigga, get it in by the zone
Got a badass bitch blowin' up my phone
Sippin on purp out the styrafoam
Think she fell in love with a nigga cologne
I'm rich as fuck and I eat it up, stand in the trap with a brick and I beat it up
She slow it down, told her to speed it up, young nigga pull up in a Porsche truck
Bust down my Rolex, it look like some snow
Look at my diamonds, they glisten and glow
We came wit a brick, I serve the whole load
I walked up in Neiman's and bought the whole sto'
​Mention her, I got the brick for the low
Big backwood, good cookie dough
Stand in the trap and I turn on the stove
I got gelato smoke zone
I'm really busy, keep hittin my phone
I just sell a brick, then i'm gone
How the trap house got marble flo'
Fuck it nigga, I just sell some dope
​
​

[Chorus]
I got the pack the racks, you know
I got them bricks, they came out the bowl
All of my niggas they whip, stand in the trap, nigga turn on the stove
I got the bricks, nigga let's go
I got the bricks, the bag, the bowl
Hunned pounds came in I serve em by the load
Woah, I'm servin' and go
I got them bricks in the bowl, like stand in the trap and turn on the stove
Aye, gang gang gang, serve by the load
I got the bricks in a bowl, like stand in the trap, nigga turn the stove on

[Verse 2]
Damn, how he just gave him another call? Ooh
I got the gas in a cookie jar
Young nigga, pull up a hunned shots
Fuck it, I pull up and buy the block
Fuck it, I pull up and buy the lot
Stand in the trap, and a young nigga beat the pot
Pull up, a Porsche, and drop the top
Left wrist, alotta guap
Nigga just skurt off the lot
Young nigga pull up with guap
We servin them bowls, we servin them blocks
Say trap nigga, ridin' round with the Glock
I got them bricks, and a Bezel, you know
All of my diamonds it look like snow
All of my niggas they pull up and blow
I got the chopper, just let it go
Hunned racks layed on the floor
Nigga just pull up in Mansons
All of my diamonds they dancin
Stand in the trap with the phantom
All of my diamonds they glisten
Stand in the trap when I drip
Stand in the kitchen, and turn on the stove
I got the bricks, and I got the bowls
​

[Chorus]
I got the pack the racks, you know
I got them bricks, they came out the bowl
All of my niggas they whip, stand in the trap, nigga turn on the stove
I got the bricks, nigga let's go
I got the bricks, the bag, the bowl
Hunned pounds came in I serve em by the load
Woah, I'm servin' and go
I got them bricks in the bowl, like stand in the trap and turn on the stove
Aye, gang gang gang, serve by the load
I got the bricks in a bowl, like stand in the trap, turn the stove on

[Intro]
C-C-C-CPain Beatz, ho
Uh
MPSGUNZ
Ayy, damn

[Chorus]
He got bricks in the backpack
Run up on gang, man, you know I'ma clap that
Versace couch where he put that strap at
Porsche Panamera, ridin' 'round where the racks at
On my lap where I keep the MAC at
Bust down Rolex got me on Snapchat
Ridin' 'round town with the bricks in my backpack
Hunnid bricks in Balenciaga backpack

[Verse]
Balenciaga backpack
Swervin' the foreign, I pull to the trap in another whip
I got hunnid racks on me, nigga, ain't no matchin' that
In the back seat, that's a strap on top another strap
Hop out that bitch with a hunnid racks
Jump out the coupe and I swerve that shit just like a stolen whip
Money Gang, I feel like the President
In a helicopter with 250 bricks
On a private jet, I'm state-to-state movin' with bricks
Touch down in quick, trip with that strap on my hip
Run up on gang, you gon' get hit with hollow tip
I'm heavily trappin', I guess that's why she on my dick
Hop out that bitch, it's another foreign whip
First opportunity, I did it to get rich
Fell in love with my Draco extended clip
Red bottoms on the bottom of my jean, drip

[Chorus]
He got bricks in the backpack
Run up on gang, man, you know I'ma clap that
Versace couch where he put that strap at
Porsche Panamera, ridin' 'round where the racks at
On my lap where I keep the MAC at
Bust down Rolex got me on Snapchat
Ridin' 'round town with the bricks in my backpack
Hunnid bricks in Balenciaga backpack
Produced by CpainBeatz

[Intro: Soulja Boy]

[Hook: Soulja Boy]

Damn, Gucci durag
Ooh, Gucci durag
Ooh , ooh , Gucci durag
Uh, ooh, Gucci durag (Yeah)

Gucci Durag (x8)

Ooh, Gucci durag
Gucci durag
Gucci durag
Gucci durag (Uhhh)

Gucci Durag (x8)

[Verse 1: Soulja Boy]
Gucci durag just check out my flag
Just walked in this bitch with a brand new bag
Pull up, Porsche, Check a flag
It ain't Halloween Im walking 'round with the mac

In the trap with the strap and that mac on my lap
Ménage à trois in my gucci durag
She a bad ass bitch with a fake ass
I pull up Porsche truck and drop off a bag

Pull up im serving that 

[?] and they know that shit
Look at my diamonds you ain't even notice it
Walk in the mall with 20 thou' nigga I blow that shit
You pass me that backwood it ain't no gas, imma throw that shit

Pull in the corvette and flex on you niggas
I'm Big Soulja Draco I dont fuck with you niggas
Bout 200 in the corvette had to get a ticket
Jumped out that bitch and i hopped in new Bentley

Pedal to the medal, Push it To the limit
In the trap I run circles round' niggas like fidget spinners
Condo came with versace slippers
SODMG records, nigga I bought the building

I just made another million (ooh)
I just serve and then i'm killin (Uhh)
In the trap in the kitchen throw fish in the skillet
V12 my engine just to be specific

[Hook: Soulja Boy]

Damn, Gucci durag
Ooh, Gucci durag
Ooh , ooh , Gucci durag
Uh, ooh, Gucci durag (Yeah)

Gucci Durag (x8)

Ooh, Gucci durag
Gucci durag
Gucci durag
Gucci durag (Uhhh)

Gucci Durag (x8)

[Verse 2: Soulja Boy]

Ridin' round' town with  a brick on me
You ain't gotta ask, lil nigga I got that stick on me
Run up on gang you history
Where you get all that money from damn it's a mystery

Sitting in the trap with that mac on my lap
Lil lame ass nigga, Know you ain't getting no racks
I'm ridin' round' with that strap
Young nigga post up with a brick in the trap
Just sold a brick the other day
Left wrist cost a hundred k (100k)
Run up on gang and imma let that choppa spray
Got a brick of actavis in my trophy case

I just cashed out on another Wraith
If you ain't getting no money get the fuck up out my face
Hit the cookie dope i;m Outerspace
Talkin shit nigga you know them bullets hit your face

[Hook: Soulja Boy]

Damn, Gucci durag
Ooh, Gucci durag
Ooh , ooh , Gucci durag
Uh, ooh, Gucci durag (Yeah)

Gucci Durag (x8)

Ooh, Gucci durag
Gucci durag
Gucci durag
Gucci durag (Uhhh)

Gucci Durag (x8)

[Outro: Soulja Boy]
I used to rule the world
Seas would rise when I gave the word
Now in the morning I sleep alone
Sweep the streets I used to own

I used to roll the dice
Feel the fear in my enemy's eyes
Listen as the crowd would sing
“Now the old king is dead! Long live the king!”

One minute I held the keys
Next the doors were closed on me
And I discovered that my castles stand
Upon pillars of salt, pillars of sand

I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
Roman Cavalry choirs are singing
Be my mirror, my sword and shield
My missionaries in a foreign field

For some reason I can't explain
Once you go there was never
Never an honest word
But that was when I ruled the world
It was a wicked and wild wind
Blew down the doors to let me in
Shattered windows and the sound of drums
People couldn't believe what I'd become

Revolutionaries wait
For my head on a silver plate
Just a puppet on a lonely string
Oh who would ever wanna be king?

I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
Roman Cavalry choirs are singing
Be my mirror, my sword and shield
My missionaries in a foreign field

For some reason I can't explain
I know Saint Peter won't call my name
Never an honest word
But that was when I ruled the world

For some reason I can't explain
I know Saint Peter won't call my name
Never an honest word
But that was when I ruled the world

[Verse 1]
What a thing to see
What a thing to be
What a perfect love, what a perfect home
'Cause every time she walks
And every time she talks
Is every time he knows what a perfect world he's living on

[Pre-Chorus]
But whenever he's gone and when she's all alone
His heart goes out to her on the telephone

[Chorus]
And he says, "Sugar, how I love you
How I think about you all the time"
He calls her "Sugar" 'cause she's the sweetest thing
Oh, she's the best thing he'll ever find

[Verse 2]
With her midnight hair
And with his favorite stare
She's a southern belle, he's a rockout king
When she looks around
Oh, she knows she's found
Such a perfect life, such a perfect thing

[Pre-Chorus]
And whenever he's gone and when she's all alone
His heart goes out to her on the telephone

[Chorus]
And he says, "Sugar, how I love you
How I think about you all the time"
He calls her "Sugar" 'cause she's the sweetest thing
Oh, she's the best thing he'll ever find

[Bridge]
Oh, there's a reason for every season
There's a change within the range of every heart
But the reason and the season
Seem to be right so far

[Chorus]
And he says, "Sugar, how I love you
How I think about you all the time"
He calls her "Sugar" 'cause she's the sweetest thing
Oh, she's the best thing he'll ever find
He calls her "Sugar"

[Verse 1]
Every time I pull away, it’s actually you pull me back
And you would take advantage of that I know
My heart is not a rubber band
And with every pull I take
I know I risk a chance to snap
And you didn’t care about that I know
And this is for all my girls, I understand what you’re going through
Hey, and back and forth, and back and forth, and back and forth
This is for all my girls, I understand what you’re going through
Hey, and back and forth, and back and forth, and back and forth

[Verse 2]
I didn't leave him, girl
It was the other way around
That boy can get your ego going, yeah
Ooh, he had another girl
On the other side of town, without either one of us knowing

[Chorus]
He was a talented talker and he’d always get his way
Talks 100 miles per hour, but you hear just what he says
Let’s go, you’re dying again (Yeaaaah)
There’s a part of you that calls him
'Cause you got some time to blow
And your head just wants to hear him
But your heart already know cuz he’s gone (ooh)
You’re dialing again (yeaaaah)

[Verse 1 (Repeats)]
Every time I pull away, it’s actually you pull me back
And you would take advantage of that I know
My heart is not a rubber band
And with every pull I take
I know I risk a chance to snap
And you didn’t care about that I know
And this is for all my girls, I understand what you’re going through
Hey, and back and forth, and back and forth, and back and forth
This is for all my girls, I understand what you’re going through
Hey, and back and forth, and back and forth, and back and forth

[Verse 3]
Haven’t seen you in a year (ahh)
You still love me from the side (mmm yeah yeah)
You still smoking the same old rens
Ooh, you’re still wearing your daddy’s tees
Bad graphics on the sleeve
I guess you just the same old man

[Chorus]
He was a talented talker and he’d always get his way
Talks 100 miles per hour, but you hear just what he says
Let’s go, you’re dying again (Ooh)
There’s a part of you that calls him
'Cause you got some time to blow
And your head just wants to hear him
But your heart already know cuz he’s gone (ooh)
Drunk dialing again

[Bridge]
To the girls out there with the broken heart
Waiting up for him all night
Go to bed, he don’t deserve your pain (yeah)
To the girls out there with the broken heart
Waiting up for him all night
Go to bed, he don’t deserve your pain (ahh)
Mmm, ahh, yeah, ahh
He don’t deserve your pain

[Outro]
My heart is not a rubber band (ooh)
To the girls out there, for my girls out there, yeah
Ooh, ooh, ooh

[Snippet]
I remember
Imma Vogue like Madonna
Take a Bow Like Madonna
Girls gone wild, I’m like Madonna
Strike a pose like Madonna
L L Like Madonna
I don’t give a... like Madonna
Let's get wasted line the news
Cause were wild and free got nothing to lose...
It's ok, you can just listen to this part

We walk inside packed rooms
And get the hands up like statues
Me and James, we ain't got no home to go back to
But who needs a home when you got a family?
When you got the microphone, who needs a Grammy?
Poetry written underneath a groupie
Fast forward two hours I'm on stage screaming,
"Who you gonna substitute me with?"
Another sheet of loose leaf, rich
Another pair of blue jeans, stripped
Balled up in the corner of the back lounge
Evidence of a commitment to never back down
The spoils of victory-
I went from class clown to king! king! king!
You could see me I'm in the black crown
And I smell good too

We out here, we're talking 'bout prophecy
Prophecy, on my mind constantly
People get rich when they take the time to copy me
Mike Posner's Odyssey, don't forget the apostrophe
My prerogative is to shine bright baby, no Bobby B
I got a new philosophy: honesty, honesty
Do whatever you feel and offer no apology
Make some damn noise I want this night in my biography!
I said make some damn noise I want this night in my biography!
Make some damn- no, I want every night in my biography
Make it a million pages long, we made it here impossibly

[?]
You show our velocity
Mama are you watching me?
Uncle Fred are you watching me?
Stewie are you watching me?
David Foster Wallace are you watching me?
We rocked every arena in this country, no choreography
I said we rocked every arena in this country, no choreography

It's hard to be a prodigy in a democracy
People don't really care about equality
As long as they got their shopping sprees
Right?
But I tell you something else,
I'd rather earn another million dollars than wake up and win the lottery
My bibliography will be one word long: God
We talkin' 'bout prophecy
Prophecy, on my mind constantly
If we're considering real shit the Mike Posner Band gotta be
On the tip of your tongue
When I listen to one
Let me cool off
Y'all doing alright over here?
We're on a world tour
We are chasing something
Something ineffable, a feeling
You get it when everyone's listening, form the front row to the ceiling
Anyone had one of those moments where everything just sorta makes sense? Say yeah
It's better than sex, it's better than drugs, it's true
"You don't wanna be high like me"
Maybe I was wrong- you do
'Cuz I got the feeling right now D.C!
Do you?
I said I got the feeling right now, do you?
I got the feeling right now! Do you?
Put your hands together for the Mike Posner Band

Talkin' 'bout prophecy, prophecy
On my mind constantly
Bibliography will be one word long: God
Sometimes the truth don’t come in a pretty melody
Sometimes it rains down, like a thunderstorm in July
Making you ask, “How close can heaven get?”

Sometimes it rains down like a crash symbol under Kevin’s stick
Or a nasty strung under James Bone’s pick
A pretty note under Jacob Scesne’s lip
Or a blues riff, offa Ben’s fingertip
Or when Nate plays a funky lick

Oh shit
Just wanna take this in for a second
We weren’t promised this man
Wasn’t so long ago I was making beats in mom’s basement
Now I’m on the big stage my haters can’t say shit!

What’s the difference between knowledge, and wisdom?
I looked at the newspaper, filled with the names of crooks, liars, and schemers
And five years from now the newspaper will be filled with the names of a new set of crooks, liars, and schemers
That’s why after we do the hits I always take the time to put the guitar down
Because two hundred years from now the words of this poem will be just as beautiful as they are now
Politics is to poetry, as knowledge is to wisdom, that’s the difference
And we just want a guy we can memorise
A lover who never lies
A million likes on Facebook
And a neighbourhood that’s been gentrified

We’re so busy taking the heart, and wrapping it up in a body that’s beautiful and tanned and perfect
And wrapping the tanned body up in clothes that are stylish and expensive
And putting the tanned body in stylish clothes inside of a car that makes our neighbour jealous
And putting the jealousy breeding car inside of a garage that makes our neighbours more jealous
And putting the garage inside of a house that makes our neighbours more jealous
That we forget
We forget about the little heart
That’s inside of the body
That’s inside of the clothes
That’s inside of the car
Inside of the garage
Inside of the house

How’s your heart feel?
Mine’s been hurting lately
We’re walking into traffic
Playing Pokeman Go!
Trying to score
We are killing ourselves
We would literally rather die than be bored
Sometimes the truth don’t come in a pretty melody
And sometimes it’s not followed by cheers

I live how I want
So I wanna live
And I give you what you need so in time
You want what I give

We’re running around tryna get perfect
Perfect school, perfect job
But it’s not that far
The first step to getting perfect
Is realising you already are.
Cigarettes and a sip of wine
We grew up
Tryna fill in missing time
With getting high
Or on the cheers of the crowd
Or on god on this divine
Rooted to oak tree
I hold the
Record for turning the most nose bleeds to front row seats
Most nose bleeds to front row seats

(sigh)
Tryin’ to not take this whole time for granted
Granted
I am four years older now
It’s hard to imagine getting the cold shoulder now
We don’t feel like a band we feel like six soldiers out
On the battlefield every night
And we play our asses off so you can have memories like
So you can have memories like this
This has been described as
“A moment of being” by Virginia Woolf
“It” by Kerouac
“Rapture” by the scriptures
And most recently
“This” by me.
Strobe lights and storms
Hit songs from dawns
Embarrassed at the fact that I still want awards
I told Big Sean if I got signed I would never buy a chain
I bought four
I lost ‘em all on a Delta flight
And I haven’t bought more
I think imma take the money
Put a message in a bottle and hope it washes up on God’s shore
And inside it will read
“The journey to more is a circle
It starts with wanting more
And it ends with wanting more
It’s great to love your enemy
It’s better to not be in a war”
That’s why I continue on this odyssey with these ten dudes
We vagabonding a tour bus across this country from venue to venue
Just to tell you
Wake the fuck up, you are eating the menu
Put your phone down wake up, you are eating the menu!
Grand Rapids wake up, you are eating the menu!
Wake the fuck up, you are eating the menu!
You are eating the fucking menu!
You are eating the menu

I can see a better life in my head
A better world
Can you?
Sexism shrouded in chivalry
Little men with big egos try to belittle me
They got me in a pickle
But I've been freeing minds with riddles
Ever since little league
Literally
People sit behind their little screens and doubt me
Meanwhile life in my hometown goes on just fine without me
Every time I go back, with a little more money, and a little less time
Promises made to be fulfilled next time
People don't have no patience so they try to test mine
That's ok
I got my notebook, I got my voice
I gotta be free, I got no choice

That's an interesting sentence: I gotta be free, I've got no choice
You know, I still go in the dressing room before the show every night
Put a little gel in my hair
I'm still tryna be cool
But the funny thing about that is
Everyone knows when you're trying, so you never actually do
And the even funnier thing about that is,
Everyone else is trying too
So I wonder: if I drop the guard, if I cut the shit for just this one moment
Would you?
Would you?
People we never met made all our rules
And we feel strong when we bend them
Men in suits start wars
Kids in camouflage end them
I'm supposed to entertain people
but I'm not supposed to offend them
Fuck it

There are more valuable things in this world than attention

[?] attention, when a cheer ends
You don't know what to do, so you cheer again
See I could say, "cheer."
Or I could say, "DON'T CHEER!"
Isn't that weird?
You don't hear words
You hear inflection, and intention
Which means somebody saying "I hate you"
Might really be saying "I love you, I need affection"
A change in perspective
Brought to you by yours truly
An outlook on life
Brought to you by parents they didn't pick in war movies
Tour groupies
I was born goofy
And America tried to straighten me out
Towards Porsches, fortresses, porches, bowls full of porridge
Who'd've thunk a crooked line could be so damn gorgeous?
The eyes of the beloved- that's you
Met a little girl the other day she asked where I wanna be,
What I wanna be in a year?
I said, "Alive."
I was born in Detroit on a very very very very very very very cold day
And most of my life since has been about trying to warm up
The big tour bus, money, more sluts, blood gore guts
I moved to LA seven years ago
In an honest attempt to do and get more stuff
Misson accomplished
Now what, what now
All I got is this money and this scepticism of love now
When you're up this high everyone just wants you to come down
Icarus problems, but at least the sun's out, right
At least the sun's out

A day loses to nightfall
I am right on the edge
I might fall
That's why it's fun for you to watch me
'Cause like all pretty things, I will end with no warning, apologis los siento, no merch, no momento
When god slows the tempo there will be no crescendo
This is real life it's not a game no Nintendo

Sacrifices made for an art that you can't touch
People think you're weird when you practice this much
That's how these six loners, became us
That's how these ten thousand people became us
That's how these ten thousand people became us
I'm movin' away, I'm selling my house
LA, this is my farewell poem
When I come back here, here will not be home

I'm goin' to chase something, and I think I'm getting close
I thought it was in this city but it's not
It's somewhere out on those roads
And at this very moment, the city's lights dim some
And my face is making the same face that everyone makes in LA
This one
It's the last night of the tour
I told the boys at the beginning to look at each other
The men on your left and right will soon become your brothers
And I don't mean to brag but I was right
Tomorrow our lives go back to normal
Post-tour depression
We celebrate tonight

Here's to sixty-six shows
In three continents
In three months
Here's to playing ur hearts out in each one of 'em we never half-assed it once
Here's to the roadies and the riggers
Build the stage and the lights every day
And when me, Nic and Demi are done being cool tonight in about two hours
They're gonna pack all this shit up and take it away

Here's to Kane and Batrell
Here's to Andre and Zac
For making us lookand sound good on the stage and also in our packs
Here's to Rob Dougan he never turns off
Here's to super Matt, his last tour, his farewell tour
I think in Massachusetts he'll find what he's looking for
Here's to the songs, where do they come from?
Nobody knows
Here's to the groupies, making us feel less alone after the shows
Here's to the audiences
When you add 'emup, this summer we played for five hundred and twelve thousand people, that's over half a million fans
And most of all, hee's to the immaculate, the impalpable, The Legendary Mike Posner Band
Heres's to Jimmy, ere's to Nate, here's to Kev, here's to Ben on the keys
And of course, Cali's own, hahahaha, the amazing Jacob Scesney
I'm Babe Ruth, I'm calling my shot
These boys right here, we goin' straight to the top
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop
I will not stop until I'm looking down from the top

Of course, things could go wrong
My next album might not hit
Maybe I start drinking too much and it all falls to shit
But I don't think so
In fact, next year I think I'll be right here
Here's to the future, now
Here's to us, cheers

[Verse 1]
Long awaited darkness falls
Casting shadows on the walls
In the twilight hour I am alone
Sitting near the fireplace
Dying embers warm my face
In this peaceful solitude
All the outside world subdued
Everything comes back to me again
In the gloom
Like an angel passing through my room

[Verse 2]
Half awake and half in dreams
Seeing long forgotten scenes
So the present runs into the past
Now and then become entwined
Playing games within my mind
Like the embers as they die
Love was one prolonged good-bye
And it all comes back to me tonight
In the gloom
Like an angel passing through my room

[Outro]
I close my eyes
And my twilight images go by
All too soon
Like an angel passing through my room
Everything comes back to me again
In the gloom
Like an angel passing through my room
I close my eyes
And my twilight images go by
All too soon
Like an angel passing through my room

[Verse 1]
All the ladies of the canyon
Wearing black to their house parties
Crosby, Stills and Nash is playing
Wine is flowing with Bacardi

[Pre-Chorus 1]
But sometimes, girls just want to have fun
The poetry inside of me is warm like a gun

[Chorus]
I bought me a truck in the middle of the night
It'll buy me a year if I play my cards right
Photo-free exits from baby's bedside
'Cause they don't yet know what car I drive
I'm just tryna keep my love alive
With my bartender, hold me all night
Bartender, our love's alive
Baby, remember, I'm not drinking wine
But that Cherry Coke you serve is fine
And our love's sweet enough on the vine
Bartender, bar-t-t-tender

[Verse 2]
All the ladies of the canyon
Wearing white for their tea parties
Playing games of levitation
Meditating in the garden

[Pre-Chorus 2]
And I love the little games that we play
From the valley to the beach
And when at last the day is done, I grab my keys

[Chorus]
I bought me a truck in the middle of the night
It'll buy me a year if I play my cards right
Photo-free exits from baby's bedside
'Cause they don't yet know what car I drive
I'm just tryna keep my love alive
With my bartender, hold me all night
Bartender, our love's alive
Baby, remember, I'm not drinking wine
But that Cherry Coke you serve is fine
And our love's sweet enough on the vine
Bar-t-t-tender, bar-t-t-tender, bar-t-t-tender
Ha, ha, ha, ha

[Outro]
I bought me a truck in the middle of the night
60 MPH on PCH drive
Here to Long Beach to Newport by your side
As they don't yet know where I reside
60 miles from the last place I hide
With my bar-t-t-tender, hold me all night
Bar-t-t-tender, keep love alive
Bar-t-t-tender
This is special, man. As my guy Mozzy say, you know, God up top all the time—real talk, you know. Hip-hop, man. I said hip-hop.

This is a special award because of rap music. This is the thing that got me on the stage. This got me to tour all around the world, support my family and all that. Most importantly it showed me a true definition of what being an artist was.

From the jump I thought it was about the accolades and the cars and the clothes. But it’s really about expressing yourself and putting that paint on the canvas for the world to evolve for the next listener, the next generation after that, you know what I’m saying? Hip-hop has done that for me.

I got a lot of guys in this building right now that I still idolize to this day: Jay-Z, Nas, Puff, you know. These guys showed me the game through their lyrics, from close and from afar.

So with that being said, this trophy to hip-hop, real talk. That’s love, baby. Jay for president!
Give me, um
Give me something on like
Give me something on this tempo, on
This time, that's like
Give me something on the bass that's like
Do-do-do, do, do-do-do-doo, do
Do-do-do-doo, do
Give me something on the organ that's like
Doo-doooo
Yeah, there we go

[Intro]
Watch me, watch me, baby
I know, it's hard
Drop me, drop me, baby
I know, I can see the stars
The stars I love, we get old
Wanna believe in this lie, I see
Can you tell me, what's on your mind?
'Cause your love is so hard to find

[Verse 1]
People used to count me out
People want to get flyin' out like a stamp
People used to count me out
People used to talk that shit when I was at Camp
People used to count me out
People used to tell me all that bullshit's real tho
People used to count me out
'Cause music ain't shit, that's why I changed the deal
Man, I gotta do my own thing
I gotta do my own thing, gotta learn to pick it, man
I've got to pick a wedding ring
But I don't really understand if they want to do the same
Have to be, had to go
Had to move from Glassnote
I had to do my own thing, on the other side
And niggas don't understand why I gotta rhyme
I freestyle to the end of the day
People tell me "How you do it at Sway?"
And if you want a freestyle, call me up
Me and Chance in the studio, rollin' up like
"What we gonna do next week?
What we gonna do next year?
Make this shit a mixtape
Or is it album of the year?"

[Refrain]
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
Man, I don't know! I don't know

[Hook]
I was sayin', like
People used to count me out
People used to count me out
But people used to count me out
People used to count me out

[Verse 2]
I like your music, ain't a fan though
I like your movie, are you Lando?
I like your show, are you around tho?
You in Atlanta facing a lot, huh?
Are you in Atlanta doin' your own thing
Me and Usher in the studio
Smoking dope, rollin' up
Talkin' about what we're gon' do
I call Erykah and be like
"Yo, what you doin' tonight
Should we get on the mic like that?
Should we do somethin' new for them?"
Or do people just not like care, I mean
Sometimes I get kinda sad
I'm on twitter like, "What's bad"
I'm on twitter like, "What's good"
Me and my son in the hood, like ooh
Me and my son in the hood, like ooh
Watching daddy getting a haircut, sittin', like ooh
Watching daddy on TV, like ooh
In the living room moving to this beat, like ooh
In the living room move his little feet, like ooh
In the living room, rhythm real sweet, like ooh
We can go ahead and change the beat up, like ooh

[Bridge A]
If you know the time
We can feel it in time
In time
If you know the time
You can feel it in time
In time
Shit is feeling like the end of days
But I know this way is gonna change
It's gonna change
I feel Marvin in my heart
I feel Marvin in my heart
I feel Marvin in my heart
What's goin' on
Why are we still singing the same song
What's goin' on
Why are we still singing the same song
I hope, one day
We'll find a new song to sing
I pray, that's how it goes
Until then

[Verse 3]
I'm in the studio, hanging with the Migos
I'm sitting there looking like
People want to do that
People always want to talk me out
Count me out
People be like, "Ugh, he a nigga, stay clear"
Uh, uh, uh
And then they be like, "Nigga, oh shit
Oh shit, that's the album of the year?"
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know
I don't really got fears no more
I don't know, I don't know
I ain't really got, dreams, no more
I don't know, I don't know
I am runnin' out steam, sometimes
I be sitting down, writing like
Really, do I want this rhyme?
Should I spend more time with my son
Should I have a little more fun
With the people I think move on?
I lost people last year
Again, no
A friend though
On the phone with Fredo like
"What's up"
And then the next day I'm like
"Oh, that's what's up"
I'm a friend with Emmy like
"What's up"
And I get a call like
"That's what's up"

[Bridge B]
I feel like world's dying out
I feel like I'm running out of town
But there's nowhere I can't go
And people know your face
Like this

[Verse 4]
Yo, like with the cops
Freakin' out, walkin' in the room
That's on fire, holdin' a pizza box
I got that shit on lock though
People wanna talk top four
People run, they only move, sayin'
I ain't, got a new page to write
I am working on something I love
It's the last time
People like "put that shit out"
But it's the last time
I don't know, I don't know
If I'm ready, to end up, to end this
But I need some time tonight
To end something
Death is good
If it means progress, I confess
I got, I got
To change, rearrange, live in this phase
By the lake, sittin' by
My girl, talkin' about a world of things
Whether you gon' bring the 

[?]
Are you gonna drop this year
I don't really know, but I fear I will
And I know that fear, that I have, is good

[Outro]
Thank you for coming out
Love your screams and shouts
Don't mean to be a bummer
But I probably won't do Worldstar until the next summer
When I'm back in time
Please come around
Got something planned
Oh you understand now
I hope you understand now
Give it up for the band now
I really appreciate it
Thank you guys so much

[Verse 1]
Buddy, you’re a boy, make a big noise
Playing in the street, gonna be a big man someday
You got mud on your face, you big disgrace
Kicking your can all over the place (singing)

[Chorus 1]
We will, we will rock you
We will, we will rock you

[Verse 2]
Buddy, you’re a young man, hard man
Shouting in the street, gonna take on the world someday
You got blood on your face, you big disgrace
Waving your banner all over the place

[Chorus 2]
We will, we will rock you (sing it now)
We will, we will rock you

[Verse 3]
Buddy, you’re an old man, poor man
Pleading with your eyes, gonna make you some peace someday
You got mud on your face, big disgrace
Somebody better put you back into your place

[Chorus 1]
We will, we will rock you (sing it)
We will, we will rock you (everybody)
We will, we will rock you
We will, we will rock you

[Guitar Solo]

[Bridge]
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!

Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!

[Chorus 2]
Tramp!
We will, we will rock you
Tramp!
Tramp!
We will, we will rock you
Tramp!

Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!
Tramp!

[Outro]
What does it all mean?
This stuff is really fresh!

[Verse 1]
Ripped jeans
Wanna see what's underneath
I just need a physical
Oh, about to lose self control
Yeah, don't need star signs that align
Pick me up in 25
Oh, about to lose self control
Let me say

[Pre-Chorus]
My hands on your body never felt so good
My hands on your body never felt so
(Ah-ah)

[Chorus]
You look so good when you're naked
Keep it natural, I just wanna see you naked, yeah
Picture in my mind, gonna save it, ooh ah ooh
I just wanna see you naked
You look so good when you're naked
X-Ray vision, I just wanna see you naked, yeah
Throwing all your clothes on the pavement, ooh ah ooh
I just wanna see you naked
Ooh ah, ooh ah, ah-ah, ooh ah, ooh ah, oooh, ah
Ooh ah, ooh ah, ah-ah
I just wanna see you naked

[Verse 2]
Don't care if you never say a word
Aphrodite got me good
Oh, now we're getting so close
My sheets when you're walking underneath
Mirror, mirror, you and me
Oh, now we're getting so close
Let me say

[Pre-Chorus]
My hands on your body never felt so good
My hands on your body never felt so
(Ah-ah)

[Chorus]
You look so good when you're naked
Keep it natural, I just wanna see you naked, yeah
Picture in my mind, gonna save it, ooh ah ooh
I just wanna see you naked
You look so good when you're naked
X-Ray vision, I just wanna see you naked, yeah
Throwing all your clothes on the pavement, ooh ah ooh
I just wanna see you naked
Ooh ah, ooh ah, ah-ah, ooh ah, ooh ah, oooh, ah
Ooh ah, ooh ah, ah-ah
I just wanna see you naked
Ooh ah, ooh ah, ah-ah, ooh ah, ooh ah, oooh, ah
Ooh ah, ooh ah, ah-ah
I just wanna see you naked

[Verse 1]
When I see you, you don't think I run up on you (You don't think I run up on you)
No way
And I don't want a text when I flex on you (When I flex on you)
Get it, mic check, one, two (One, two)
Get it, mic check, one, two (Mic check, one, two)
Baby in my life, one, two
Baby in my life, one, two, yeah

[Chorus]
So break it down, break it down, down
Break it down like "Ooh-ooh"
Break it down, break it down, down
Break it down like "Ooh-ooh"
Oh, break it down, break it down, down
Break it down like "Ooh-ooh"
Oh, break it down, break it down, down
Break it down like "Ooh-ooh"

[Verse 2]
I can admit it, I wanna get it down
I can admit it, just wanna hit it now
Can we defeat it, can we debate it now
I gotta let it, baby, it’s litty now
Oh, when it come down to it
When it comes down to it
When it comes down to it
When it comes down to it, I know that
When it comes down to it
When it comes down to it, oh, no-no-no
When it, when it all come, when it all comes down to it
(When it all come)
When it all comes down to it
When it all comes down to it, I know
When I found out, down to it
When I come right down to it
When it comes right down it
When it, when it comes right down to it
When it comes right down to it
And I found time for it, when I come right down to it
Oh, no-no

[Bridge]
They’ve all been a lie
When I get in, hit it right
She a ten, won't hit it right
She don't won't think I come when I need it right
Bang-bang-bang, what you don't doubt
Bang-bang-bang, think it's goin' down
If it thang thang, think it's going down
If it come down, think it's going down

[Chorus]
Wait, oh, down, break it down, down
Break it down, break it down, down, down
Oh, break it down, break it down, down
Break it down, break it down, down, down
Oh, break it down, break it down, down
Break it down, down, down
Break it down, break it down, down, down
Break it down like "Ooh-ooh"
Break it down, break it down, down
Break it down like "Ooh-ooh"
Oh, break it down, like down, down
Break it for you
Break it down like "Ooh" now
Break it down, ooh
Oh, break it down like "Oh yeah"
Break it down like no-no

[Verse 3]
Every time that you come down
Lead in, it can fall now
Back and forth, swang, oh yah
Same-same like "Oh yeah"
Chain swang like "Oh nah"
Have me dancing like no-now
When it come through the soul now
T.O banging like door down
When it comes down 

[?]
When I come like 

[?]

[?] don't shake it all down
When in all now 

[?]

[Outro]
Oh damn, I'm coming in, save that

[Verse 1]
I tell people you're just goin' through changes
And that you're acquanted both with night and day
That your money's good and you're just being courageous
On them burnin' bridges knowin' your feet are made of clay
Well I say you won't be destroyed by your inventions
That you brought it all under captivity
And that you really do have all the best intentions
But you're makin' a liar out of me

[Verse 2]
Well I say that you're just young and self-tormented
But that deep down you understand
The hopes and fears and dreams of the discontented
Who threaten now to overtake your promised land
Well I say you'd not sow discord among brothers
Nor drain a man of his integrity
But you'll remember the cries of orphans and their mothers
But you're makin' a liar out of me
But you're makin' a liar out of me

[Verse 3]
Well I say that, that ain't flesh and blood you're drinkin'
In the wounded empire of your fool's paradise
With a light above your head forever blinkin'
Turnin' virgins into merchandise
That you must have been beautiful when you were livin'
You remind me of some old-time used-to-be
I say you can be trusted with the power you been given
But you're makin' a liar out of me

[Verse 4]
So many things so hard to say as you stumble
To take refuge in your offices of shame
As the earth beneath my feet begins to rumble
And your young men die for nothin' not even fame
I say that someday you'll begin to trust us
And that your conscience not been slain by conformity
That you'll stand up unafraid to believe in justice
But you're makin' a liar out of me
You're makin' a liar out of me

[Verse 5]
Well I can hear the sound of distant thunder
From an open window at the end of every hall
Now that you're gone I got to wonder
If you ever were here at all
I say you never sacrificed my children
To some false god of infidelity
And that it's not the Tower of Babel that you're buildin'
But you're makin' a liar out of me
You're makin' a liar out of me
Now you're makin' a liar out of me

[Ed Sheeran]
...Through the heart, baby
You watched me hit the ground
Oh, so fucking dark

[B.o.B]
Well, the story starts crazy, gnarlz Barkley
Where do I start?
You're here as I lay on the carpet

[Verse]
I find it funny how niggas start talkin' money
I'm livin' lovely, apartment far from the bunjee
I remember us livin' not too far from the junkies, the flunkees
That tried to punk me on corners but never sunk me, I swear
In this bitch, yeah I'm killin' this year
Them boys hated, they gon' feel it this year
I bought a 'Rari, I only drove in it once, I'm movin' different this year
I'm leavin' thousands, talkin' millions this year
When niggas really talkin', talkin' over, talk it over
Renegotiate and make the play and they cough it over
I crossed over like Iverson when he dropped the shoulder on Jordan
The feelin' more than the sport when you winnin' fuck how they feelin'
The feelings got left aside, I told them to step aside
I'm really eatin', I'm orderin'  extra sides, you know me
'Round the block, glovers spittin' them hot flows
My scent smells like Michelle was touchin' Barack's clothes
Presidential, the flow is so evidential
At the clearport customs, I barely show my credentials
Don't need it tinted, I want you to know who's in it
Had me offended last time that I walked in the Holt Renfrew
Let's break it down for 'em, account this
If every show is a hunnid thou' for him then that mean
A hunnid minutes on stage will equal a hunnid K
That's one thousand a minute so please don't get offended
If I walk inside a store and spend thirty-five in it
'Cause, to me, that's just thirty-five minutes
Land in Jamaica, sip on a Guinness and get it
Who wanna witness, my nigga? I'm really sick with the shiznit
I brought big Poppy out at the SumFest
Sean Kingston watched it from the side stage
I made triple the advance that he had gave me in my first year
Forty-five minutes of me on stage
And I'm not amazed, I think the tables turnin'
I think you learn from the bridge you burn when you see it burnin'
I think you learn from the world when you see it turnin'
I went from being a server to being this platinum deserver, you feel me?
Did a song with Meek Milly, called it "Litty"
Really I just did that shit for the city in love with Philly
God, this chinchilla fur on me, just in case it gets chilly
Burner on my side pocket, just that's in case you get illy out here
Me and Travis Scott almost fought at the Mala Luna
We both agreed shortly after that it was music
We possibly could be doin' that's bigger than tryna ruin it
So my apologies, nigga, just forgive me for doin' it
History made in New York City, we called a truce at the tower
I only brought a couple niggas with me
The beef was finished as soon as we took the picture, the world was watchin'
The attention in the industry started shiftin' to me
Lord forgive 'em, Lord forgive 'em, I was trippin' all the time
I spit subliminal dissin', just tryna rip shit
Not realizin' if I took the time to kick it and me and Drake mendin' bridges it'd probably equal to winnin'
Got the hardhead flow, money come in so thick
Them niggas call it hard bread dough
I'm in this all red four seater, I'm leanin' like the '06 fours
I said I'd stop freestylin' but fuck it, oh well
A nigga flow so well, I'm like a samplin' kit
Give a fuck 'bout who get pissed about by samples and skits
Niggas mad I'm remixin' they shit-pshh
Fuck out of here, nigga, stop being a bitch
I think it's time we cut the silence by niggas that's talkin' violent
Speak of silence and give 'em coffins and violins playin'
R&B niggas with Sisqó haircuts, wildin' and stylin'
They dissin', guess they just tryna go viral, I feel 'em
This your favorite song, this gon' be your favorite song
'Cept when I say it, it's really the people's favorite song
You did a vid dissin' to flex the i8
I could've flexed a 'Rari or Wraith, but nigga, I ain't
Instead, I bought my house the other day, I'm flexed in the paint
Real estate, I'm property shoppin', bitches probably watchin'
Got the Gadget-Go flow, Nobu and So-Ho
I've been crossed by some niggas I used to go toe-to-toe for
Blow for blow flow, sick enough to eat a blowfish
G5 jet playin' Go-fish, eatin' gold fish
Just for the record, I did this shit for the hopeless
Just drove a Rolls through the hood on the corner where I was homeless
It's Fargo

[Verse 1]
I just wanted to be one of The Strokes
Now look at the mess you made me make
Hitchhiking with a monogrammed suitcase
Miles away from any half-useful imaginary highway
I'm a big name in deep space, ask your mates
But golden boy's in bad shape
I found out the hard way that
Here ain't no place for dolls like you and me
Everybody's on a barge
Floating down the endless stream of great TV
1984, 2019

[Pre-Chorus 1]
Maybe I was a little too wild in the '70s
Rocket-ship grease down the cracks of my knuckles
Karate bandana, warp speed chic
Hair down to there, impressive moustache
Love came in a bottle with a twist-off cap
Let's all have a swig and do a hot lap

[Chorus]
So who you gonna call?
The Martini Police
Baby, that isn't how they look tonight, oh no
It took the light forever to get to your eyes

[Verse 2]
I just wanted to be one of those ghosts
You thought that you could forget
And then I haunt you via the rear view mirror
On a long drive from the back seat
But it's alright, 'cause you love me
And you recognise that it ain't how it should be
Your eyes are heavy and the weather's getting ugly
So pull over, I know the place
Don't you know an apparition is a cheap date?
What exactly is it you've been drinking these days?
Jukebox in the corner, "Long Hot Summer"
They've got a film up on the wall and it's dark enough to dance
What do you mean you've never seen Blade Runner?

[Pre-Chorus 2]
Oh, maybe I was a little too wild in the '70s
Back down to earth with a lounge singer shimmer
Elevator down to my make-believe residency
From the honeymoon suite
Two shows a day, four nights a week
Easy money

[Chorus]
So who you gonna call?
The Martini Police
So who you gonna call?
The Martini Police
Oh, baby, that isn't how they look tonight
It took the light absolutely forever to get to your eyes

[Outro]
And as we gaze skyward, ain't it dark early?
It's the star treatment
Yeah, and as we gaze skyward, ain't it dark early?
It's the star treatment
It's the star treatment
The star treatment

[Verse 1]
All that I know
Is you caught me at the right time
Keep me in your glow
'Cause I'm having such a good time
With you

[Chorus]
Baby, don't you know?
That you're my golden hour
The color of my sky
You've set my world on fire
And I know, I know everything's gonna be alright

[Verse 2]
I used to get sad
And lonely when the sun went down
But it's different now
'Cause I love the light that I've found
In you

[Chorus]
Baby, don't you know?
That you're my golden hour
The color of my sky
You've set my world on fire
And I know, I know everything's gonna be alright

[Bridge]
You make the world look beautiful, ooh
I thought I'd seen it all before
But looking through your eyes
It looks like paradise

[Chorus]
You've set my world on fire, yeah
And I know, I know everything's gonna be alright
You're my golden hour
The color of my sky
You've set my world on fire
And I know, I know everything's gonna be alright
Yeah, I know, I know everything's gonna be alright
Golden hour

[Verse 1]
I was just coastin', never really goin' anywhere
Caught up in a web, I was gettin' kinda used to stayin' there
And out of the blue, I fell for you

[Chorus 1]
Now, you're lifting me up 'stead of holding me down
Stealing my heart 'stead of stealing my crown
Untangled all the strings 'round my wings that were tied
I didn't know him and I didn't know me
Cloud Nine was always out of reach
Now, I remember what it feels like to fly
You give me butterflies

[Verse 2]
Kiss full of color makes me wonder where you've always been
I was hiding in doubt 'til you brought me out of my chrysalis
And I came out new
All because of you

[Chorus 1]
And now, you're lifting me up 'stead of holding me down
Stealing my heart 'stead of stealing my crown
Untangled all the strings 'round my wings that were tied
I didn't know him and I didn't know me
Cloud Nine was always out of reach
Now, I remember what it feels like to fly
You give me butterflies, yeah
You give me butterflies
Ooh, mmm, mmm

[Chorus 2]
Now, you're lifting me up 'stead of holding me down
You're taking my hand 'stead of taking my crown
Untangled all the strings 'round my wings that were tied
I didn't know him and I didn't know me
Cloud Nine was always out of reach
Now, I remember what it feels like to fly
You give me butterflies
You give me butterflies

[Verse 1]
Don't you know I'm no good for you?
I've learned to lose you, can't afford to
Tore my shirt to stop you bleedin'
But nothin' ever stops you leavin'

[Chorus]
Quiet when I'm coming home and I'm on my own
I could lie, say I like it like that, like it like that
I could lie, say I like it like that, like it like that

[Verse 2]
Don't you know too much already?
I'll only hurt you if you let me
Call me friend, but keep me closer (Call me back)
And I'll call you when the party's over

[Chorus]
Quiet when I'm coming home and I'm on my own
And I could lie, say I like it like that, like it like that
Yeah, I could lie, say I like it like that, like it like that

[Bridge]
But nothin' is better sometimes
Once we've both said our goodbyes
Let's just let it go
Let me let you go

[Chorus]
Quiet when I'm coming home and I'm on my own
I could lie, say I like it like that, like it like that
I could lie, say I like it like that, like it like that

[Verse 1]
Dreaming all the time, thinking to myself
If I'm man enough, if I'm good enough for you
I keep thinking about when you said
I know I wasn't ready for it, guess I was too scared
Wasn't prepared for what life had to bring me
I just wanted to be free, or someone to need me
Every day I'm feeling like I can't breathe, no
I can't get no sleep, got the weight of the world on me
But it's alright, alright, alright
It ain't a surprise, surprise, surprise
Gotta do what you gotta do where I'm from
I'ma shoot if I gotta shoot, I don't like guns
But everybody hating, where the love at?
If I give it to you, will you give the love back?
Ooh, it's time for everybody to level up and settle up your problems
Just go ahead and let God in 'cause he got us, yeah

[Verse 2]
Tired of running from the police, huh
Never fucking over my homies, huh
Hope my niggas make it in one piece, huh
In my lane whipping in it one seat, huh
I know a lot of people owe me
But I won't go back to the old me
Please stop acting like you know me
On my place, tryna keep us going
You got the right, the right to live it up
Shine 'til your light is bright and big enough
And if you bow down, come on, pick it up
When you aim for the sky, you start lifting up
It's super heavy to carry your own weight
And too much to finish what's on your plate
But it's okay, it's okay, okay, okay

[Verse 1]
I turn the music up, I got my records on
From underneath the rubble sing a rebel song
Don't want to see another generation drop
I'd rather be a comma than a full stop

Maybe I'm in the black, maybe I'm on my knees
Maybe I'm in the gap between the two trapezes
But my heart is beating and my pulses start
Cathedrals in my heart

[Pre-Chorus]
As we saw oh this light I swear you, emerge blinking into
To tell me it's alright
As we soar walls, every siren is a symphony

[Chorus]
And every tear's a waterfall
Is a waterfall
Oh
Is a waterfall
Oh oh oh
Is a is a waterfall
Every tear
Is a waterfall
Oh oh oh

[Bridge]
So you can hurt, hurt me bad
But still I'll raise the flag

[Instrumental]

[Pre-Chorus]
As we saw oh this light I swear you, emerge blinking into
To tell me it's alright
As we soar walls, every siren is a symphony

[Chorus]
And every tear's a waterfall
Is a waterfall
Oh
Is a waterfall
Oh oh oh
Is a is a waterfall
Every tear
Is a waterfall
Oh oh oh

[Outro]
So you can hurt, hurt me bad
But still I'll raise the flag

[Intro]
(Why I go easy?)
(Know why I go easy)
Wait

[Verse 1]
King of my city, king of my country, king of my homeland
King of the filthy, king of the fallen, we livin' again
King of the shooters, looters, boosters, and ghettos poppin'
King of the past, present, future, my ancestors watchin'
King of the culture, king of the soldiers, king of the bloodshed
King of the wisdom, king of the ocean, king of the respect
King of the optimistics and dreamers that go and get it
King of the winner's district and geniuses with conviction

[Bridge]
King of the fighters, king of the fathers, king of the belated
King of the answer, king of the problem, king of the forsaken
King of the empathy, your resentment, king of remorse
King of my enemies, may they fall defeat, I rejoice
King of the skyscrapers, dodgin' haters, broke religion
Nine faces, go against 'em, I erased 'em with precision
I embrace them with collision, kings did it
King's vision, Black Panther, King Kendrick, all hail the king!

[Verse 2]
I dropped a million tears
I know several responsibilities put me here
I don't pedal backwards, but I live old-fashioned
The lens that I'm lookin' through
Won't prescribe me the right glasses, masses are now free
Ashes I'm dumpin' out, 'bout to spread all 'cross seas
Sisters and brothers in unison, not because of me
Because we don't glue with the opposition, we glue with peace
But still'd fuck up your organization if any beef

[Outro]
What do you stand for?
Are you a activist? What are your city plans for?
Are you a accident? Are you just in the way?
Your native tongue contradictin' what your body language say
Are you a king or you jokin'? Are you a king or you posin'?
Are you a king or you smokin' bowl rocks to keep you open?
Because the king don't cry, king don't die
King don't lie, king give all, king get by, king don't fall
Kingdom come, when I come, you know why
KING! KING! KING! KING! KING!
I am T'Challa
Aw yeah
Let's go

(Aw yeah, let's go, take the course check it out.)
My posse
It's my posse yeah
My posse
It's my posse yeah

Many occasions and situations are endangered
My posse has arisen in collision invitation
The outcome is the same as; the remains are never changing
No surprise we specialise in facial re-arranging
'clusion is protrusion using this line as I curb
Plus, damage with advantage we'll step on you like a smurf
Pissing competition with an underdog ambition
Given our position pain inflicts in repetition
Ridicule arrival and survival of a battle
Sequential is essential first intent'n to dismantle
Copulate and demonstrate a form of repercussion
So fasten your mouth 'fo' we start passin' out concussions
My posse
It's my posse, yeah
My posse
It's my posse

(Aw yeah, let's go, take the course check it out.)
My posse
It's my posse, yeah
My posse
It's my posse, yeah

Many occasions and situations are endangered
My posse has arisen in collision in Vertėjas
The outcome is the same as; the remains are never changing
No surprise we specialise in facial re-arranging
'clusion is protrusion using this line as I curb
Plus, damage with advantage we'll step on you like a smurf
Pissing competition with an underdog ambition
Given our position pain inflicts in repetition
Ridicule arrival and survival of a battle
Sequential is essential first intent'n to dismantle
Copulate and demonstrate a form of repercussion
So fasten your mouth 'fo' we start passin' out concussions

My posse
It's my posse, yeah
My posse
It's my posse, yeah
(Alright now)

Nobody can catch the way that I display the rhymes
I lace those, they just stand and huddled in dismay and say "how the hell did he do that"
But if I told them how, they still would never be able to get the pattern
It's just the wondrous way of one who's working as a new jack
Trying to prove that in order to make you move you take the hyper crew and have the hypest rhymer and then you come up with something what?...hype
Taking the time to demonstrate the rhymes that I create
It's only half the job and I'm working a double shift to make it right
Cause other things that go along with a job like making sure you have a style that's totally different from the others in the Bassmint
Always staying a couple of steps ahead
And even though we're bred to look the same the difference is our styles are separateus

My posse
It's my posse yeah
My posse
It's my posse yeah


Oooh it's my posse
Oooh it's my posse
Oooh it's my posse
It's my poooaaoooaaoooaaoooaaaooaooasssseeee

[Chorus]
Uh
One shot, two shots
I done mixed McQueen with the Blue Dot
Thug life, 2Pac
Smoke me a J' on the roof top
Champagne, campaign
Spend a whole day on a airplane
Barely get my team on the airplane
Barely get my luggage on the airplane
Looking at me like Captain
They treat me, like Captain
Know where I'm goin' like Captain
Show up when I want like Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain

[Verse]
Uh
What's happenin? What's happenin?
I can hit the trap make it back-flip
What's happenin? What's happenin?
I done made a million, off rappin'
What's happenin? What's happenin?
I could fuck ya bitch, no cappin'
Niggas think they real til they lackin'
You ain't gettin' money 'less you stackin'
Niggas hate me I imagine
No I don't do shit average
In a minute I'ma get shit smackin'
Upfront we ain't dealing with no back end
What's happenin? What's happenin?
All these niggas really care about is fashion
Don't even ask to hit the weed, you ain't matchin'
How they gang? Is the question that I'm askin'

[Chorus]
One shot, two shots
I done mixed McQueen with the Blue Dot
Thug life, 2Pac
Smoke me a J' on the roof top
Champagne, campaign
Spend a whole day on a airplane
Barely get my team on the airplane
Barely get my luggage on the airplane
Looking at me like Captain
They treat me, like Captain
Know where I'm goin' like Captain
Show up when I want like Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain

[Chorus]
One shot, two shots
I done mixed McQueen with the Blue Dot
Thug life, 2Pac
Smoke me a J' on the roof top
Champagne, campaign
Spend a whole day on a airplane
Barely get my team on the airplane
Barely get my luggage on the airplane
Looking at me like Captain
They treat me, like Captain
Know where I'm goin' like Captain
Show up when I want like Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain
Everywhere I go I'm a Captain

[Bridge]
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it

[Break]

[Chorus]
The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit

[Bridge]
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it

[Break]

[Chorus]
The sky is the limit
The sky is the limit

[Bridge]
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it
My feet are on the ceiling, haha
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel, I can feel it
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it

[Break]

[Intro]
Yeah, oh, my
Jason Derulo

[Verse 1]
Like a shock to my heart
When I saw you tonight
Like a dream come alive
For the very first time
When we touch in the dark
Baby, you're blowing my mind
Wish I could freeze you and me
In this moment in time (hey)

[Pre-Chorus]
You got it, what I want
Give it up, shorty
Step it up for me
And I'll give you everything
All my life, all my love
I'll give you my fortune and fame
I'd even give you my name

[Chorus]
Girl, you take me higher
Than I've ever been before, my feet don't touch the floor
We'll fly, the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
Girl, you take me up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
Girl, you take me up
You take me higher, the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit

[Verse 2]
When we dance when we kiss
Doesn't get any better than this
How you shine, trapped in the spotlight
Finally mine, yeah
Baby, let's go (go), let's get out of here
Baby, let go (go), got nothing to fear
And now that we're here, let's disappear
Into the night (hey)

[Pre-Chorus]
You got it, what I want (what I want)
Give it up, shorty (shorty)
Step it up for me
And I'll give you everything
All my life, all my love
I'll give you my fortune and fame
I'd even give you my name

[Chorus]
Girl, you take me higher
Than I've ever been before, my feet don't touch the floor
We'll fly, the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
Girl, you take me up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up
Girl, you take me up
You take me higher, the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit

[Bridge]
My feet are on the ceiling, haha (the ceiling)
And they don't wanna touch the ground anymore
Oh, what I feel (what I feel), I can feel it (I can feel it)
Can you feel it? Feel It, feel it (yeah, yeah)

[Chorus]
Girl, you take me higher (oh, yeah)
Than I've ever been before (before), my feet don't touch the floor
We'll fly, the sky is the limit
The sky is the limit
Girl, you take me up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up (you take me up, baby)
Girl, you take me up (oh woah, oh)
You take me higher, the sky is the limit (higher)
The sky is the limit, oh, woah
Look, check this out
This right here is "Who The Fuck Is Bob?"
For all my people who are just tunin in
What's happenin? Me, you know
I got in the game, two thousand ahhhhh six
Two thousand seven y'know whatever!
It it doesn't really matter
But the fact is that I'm here
I'm right here right now
And you're listening to my great excellent voice
If I do say so my-SELF!
Rebel Rock, Grand Hustle is in the building
B-Rich, what's happening? Playboy Tre, what's happening?
TJ, what's happening? Jim Jonsin, what's happening?
Doug, JG, TIP, what's happening?
PSC, what's happening? L.A., WHAT'S HAPPENING?
A-T-L WHAT'S HAPPENING?
This is B.o.B checking IN!!! O-KAY?!?!
I DON'T THINK YOU UNDERSTAND ME!
THIS IS BOBBY RRRRAY CHECKING IN
CHECKIN IN ON THAT MIXTAPE FROM THE FUTURE
THIS IS A MIXTAPE FROM DA FU-CHA!!!!!!

[Intro]
Are you serious? {DJ SCREAM!}
Okay, envision this! Hmm

[Verse 1: B.o.B + DJ Spinz]

[B.o.B.]
Look, picture me leanin'
Black on black in the Charger I'm creepin'
Rub me the right way, you might get a genie
B.o.B, black Houdini
But this is not magic, you actually seen this
Glide up the street like a broom I'm sweepin'
And I see no reason
To give the game back, I'm selfish, I'm keepin'

[DJ Spinz]
DJ Spins, Mr. Southern Swagger
Hello my nigga MLK, DJ Scream
And we present to you
One of the hottest young niggas out the Decatur streets
My nigga B.o.B
Get 'em!

[B.o.B]
Look, picture me leanin'
Black on black in the Charger I'm creepin'
Rub me the right way, you might get a genie
B.o.B, black Houdini
But this is not magic, you actually seen this
Glide up the street like a broom I'm sweepin'
And I see no reason
To give the game back, I'm selfish, I'm keepin'
And on this mic, I'm a devil I'm a demon
Hemp Squad on deck, and several bitches screamin'
"SKUUUUU!" Believe me
Eastside, me high
On some stuff, you couldn't get without a budget
But I got ten of those - so fuck it!
But that's a long subject
So let's get back to how the boy does it

[Chorus]
When I pull up at the red light, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
And when I pull up at the BG, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
And when I'm ridin through your neighborhood, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
No matter where I go, ain't gotta say my name, they like
Yeahhh - there it is
HOOD RICH!

[Verse 2: B.o.B]
Oh oh okay they must not know
So let me introduce myself, yes I'm B to the O
To the B to the O to the B to the O
B, Eastside's where I'm from, Candler Road (Eastside!!)
Huh, so as the story is told
I grew up in the hood so I struggled at home
Struggled bein broke, still grew up and rose
To the status where I'm at, with B. Rich on a boat
And swag still with me, Hemp Squad you know
And when we at our shows girls throw us they clothes
So I don't care what you do with the hoe
She a freak so she know what to do with a pole
And I ain't sayin' that's the usual code
But you know girls, they do what they doe
I mean they do what they do
And Trey said show 'em what my music can do

[Chorus]
When I pull up at the red light, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
And when I pull up at the BB, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
And when I'm ridin through your neighborhood, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
No matter where I go, ain't gotta say my name, they like
Yeahhh - there it is

[Verse 3: B.o.B]
Ha! Back again back again
Ridin Funkadelic, folk ask about my rims
Like "B.o.B - are those 10's?"
Matter fact, you backwards nigga, add 'em up again
Plus 20, that's 30 (30?)
Uhh, yeah, you heard me!
And I know that's kinda big
But I'm a big nigga so I'm on that kind of shit
And this song I just knocked it out
B.o.B, Hemp Squad, I'm clockin' out

[Chorus]
When I pull up at the red light, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
And when I pull up at the BG, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
And when I'm ridin through your neighborhood, e'rybody like
Yeahhh - there it is
No matter where I go, ain't gotta say my name, they like
Yeahhh - there it is

[Intro]
M, L, K; he's on deck now
The rich bitch, hood rich

What's hood? 

[2X]

[DJ SCREAM] What's happenin?

[Chorus 1]
Yes she's got the spirit, I say I say I say
Yes she's got the spirit, becau-because
She gave me service with a smile 

[3X]
She gave me service, talkin that dome that dome

{MAN.. RUN THAT SHIT BACK}

[DJ Scream]
Shouts out to TJ Chapman
Shouts out to B. Rich (yo man, what's hood?)
Shay T and Dolla DP whattup?
Shouts to Clint!

[Chorus 1]

[DJ Scream - talking over Chorus 1]
Shouts to homey T.I.P
All ground scheme {DJ SCREAM}

[Chorus 2]
Yeah she got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down)
She got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down)
She got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down)
She got that holy ghost (aw man) that holy ghost (down)

["HOOD RICH" echoes]

[B.o.B]
Man, look at that baby right there (whassup?)
She just a swingin her hair (whassup?)
She playin games no fair (hey now)
I throw it at bone, dat bone (fo'sho!)
No I ain't playin no games (hell naw)
I just be spittin that slang (oh yeah)
Some of you may call it game
Cause I'm here to use her brain
She's so delightful and nice now
Plus she does it so politely
She knows she better not bite me
I tell her come over right now
Cause I want some of that fire
Don't make a nigga have to fight ya
And I pull my pipe out
And she smile and slide down

[Interlude]
I want a milkshake with that, and head is on the side
I heard you're not like them others, I heard you got that vibe
I want a milkshake with that (service) and head is on the side
(Service service) service with a smile
She gave me service with a smile

[Chorus 1 + Chorus 2]

[B.o.B]
Girl I'm comin over
So we can blow an O (fo'sho)
And if you ain't gon' serve
Then I'm goin home (goodbye!)
No I ain't no monster
I just like some dome (c'mon)
It's healthy for your jawbones
They'll be nice and strong
Let's skip the chitchat
And let's get back to the room baby
And feel on my six pack
While I dig that in your womb baby
And now you're screamin hold back
And mo' and mo' and mo' back
It's kind of like a Kodak
Moment when you throw back

[Interlude + Chorus 1 + Chorus 2]

[Chorus]
Baby, you can roll, roll with us
And I know that you know, you know bitches
You should bring them hoes and bros with us
And baby, you can roll, maybe you can roll, roll with us, yeah

[Verse 1]
We can roll, baby, yeah, we can ride
I do this all the time, you living that trap life, yeah, yeah, yeah
You could come and party with my bitches, yeah
Nobody at your neck, not monogamous
This ain't gon' be over 'til you done with it
Never thought that you'd ever get used to this
Doin' stupid shit but you won't do it
Doja Cat

[Chorus]
Baby, you can roll, roll with us
And I know that you know, you know bitches
You should bring them hoes and bros with us
And baby, you can roll, and you know you can roll, roll with us, yeah

[Post-Chorus]
Roll, roll with us
And baby, you can roll, roll with us (Roll with us)
Yeah, roll, roll with us
And baby, you can roll, maybe you can roll, roll with us, yeah

[Verse 2]
Leave all that drama out the door, that shit can wait
And boy you know you ain't just fly, 'cause I'm in LA
I know you know I know you and you know me
And we won't bring nobody that can infiltrate
Oh, baby, it's okay, BYOB
Got a big ass Jeep, bringin' all them freaks, yeah
Come and smoke my tree, I'ma fill my drink
We done had a long ass week, ah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
Baby, you can roll, roll with us
And I know that you know, you know bitches
You should bring them hoes and bros with us
And baby, you can roll, and you know you can roll, roll with us, yeah

[Post-Chorus]
Roll, roll with us
And baby, you can roll, roll with us (Roll with us)
Yeah, roll, roll with us
And baby, you can roll, maybe you can roll, roll with us, yeah

[Outro]
Maybe you can roll, roll with us, yeah
Maybe you can roll, roll with us, yeah
Happy to know ya
I’m glad you think so
I got things to show ya
More than you’ll ever know
I would try
Only for tonight
Happy to know ya
I’m glad you think so
I got things to show ya
More than you’ll ever know
I would try
Only for tonight
Only for tonight

[Verse 1]
You can reach me by railway
You can reach me by trail-way
You can reach me on an airplane
You can reach me with your mind
You can reach me by caravan
Cross the desert like an Arab man
I don't care how you get here, just get here if you can

[Verse 2]
You can reach me by sailboat
Climb a tree and swing rope to rope
Take a sled and slide down slow, into these arms of mine
You can jump on a speedy colt
Cross the border in a blaze of hope
I don't care how you get here, just get here if you can

[Chorus]
There are hills and mountains between us
Always something to get over
If I had my way, then surely you would be closer
I need you closer

[Verse 3]
You can windsurf into my life
Take me up on a carpet ride
You can make it in a big balloon
But you better make it soon
You can reach me by caravan
Cross the desert like an Arab man
I don't care how you get here, just get here if you can

I don't care how you get here, just get here if you can
Get here if you can

[Verse 1: Faith Evans]
I found a friend who is all to me
His love, is ever true, so true
I love to tell how he lifted me
And from his grace, came through for you

[Chorus (x4): Faith Evans]
I'm saved by his power, divine
I'm saved by new light, sublime
Life now is sweet and my joy is complete
For I'm saved, saved, saved

[Faith Evans]
Hey you, my joy
Sing it yo

[Bridge (x8): Bereal Family]
Life now is sweet and my joy is complete

[Faith Evans]
You know that I've been through, whole lotta things in my life
But I know that my god, my god, my god, my god
He gives me joy
My life is complete
Can't nobody do it like him
No, no, no, no, no he's my

[?] (x3)
My life- yeah
Cause I'm saved
Yeah
Oh my god
Yes, he saved me
Heaven saved for his grace
Oh yeah, and his mercy
I'm saved
Yeah

[Outro: Bereal Family]
Saved, saved, saved
Oh yes I'm saved
Saved, saved, oh yes I'm saved
Saved, saved, saved
Oh yes I'm saved
Saved, saved, saved

[Intro]
Okay, are y'all ready?
Turn it up, Snoop
Yeah, let's go to church like yah!
Come on, everybody clap your hands
1,2

[Verse 1]
Listen up, let me testify how God's been good to me
He came through for me time after time
Even when I didn't believe
When my life took a real bad turn
He turned it for my good (He never left me)
He never left me, nor forgot me
Just like He said He would (Here we go, You are)

[Chorus]
You are the antidote
You're the healing for my soul
You are the remedy
You have been so good to me
You are my heart's desire
You're the reason for this burning fire
You are the friend in me
Everything God that I ever need is in You (You)

[Hook]
You (You)
Everything I'll ever need is in You (You)
You (You)
You (You)
Everything I'll ever need is in You (You)
You (You)
Everything I'll ever need is in You (You)
You (You)
Here we go, Verse 2

[Verse 2]
Everybody's got a story to tell how good You are
Oh God, how You're the great Redeemer
And You brought us out of the dark
No words can even describe just how good You've been
So glad that I know You and that You're deep within

[Chorus]
You are the antidote
You're the healing for my soul
You are the remedy
You have been so good to me
You are my heart's desire
You're the reason for this burning fire
You are the friend in me
Everything God that I'll ever need is in You (You)

[Hook]
You (You)
My life, my health and strength is in You (You)
You (You)
Every blessing, every good thing, it's in You (You)
You (You)
Hallelujah, it's in You (You)
You (You)
Everybody just clap your hands like

[Interlude]

[Hook]
You (You)
You (You)
Father, You're everything to me
All I need is You (You)
You (You)
You're my joy, You're my peace, all I need is You (You)
You (You)
I gotta lift my hands and praise You (You)
You (You)
Now everybody raise your voice with me and sing oh

[Outro]
Oh-oh, oh-o-oh
Oh-oh, oh-o-oh (Everybody sing oh)
Oh-oh, oh-o-oh (Everybody sing oh)
Oh-oh, oh-o-oh (Yeah, everybody sing oh)
Oh-oh, oh-o-oh
Oh-oh, oh-o-oh

[Chorus: Rance Allen]
Blessing me (blessing me)
Oh yeah (can't you see)
Blessing me (blessing me again and)
Happy as can be (happy as I can be)
You keep blessing me (blessing me again and)
Just believe (just believe)
Taste and see (taste and see)
Oh-wee (blessing me)
You're blessing me (again and)

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
I got a whole lot that I can really thank him for
When I was moving fast, he had to slow my role
Out and in control, next episode (he's blessing me again)
Now look here, ugh
See when you think about when everybody tells you out
See he the only that prolly really helps you out
I'm talking from experience, you hearing this? (he's blessing me again)

[Chorus: Rance Allen]
Blessing me (blessing me)
Oh (can't you see)
Blessing me (blessing me again and)
Just believe (just believe)
Just gotta believe (taste and see)
Oh-woah (blessing me again and)

[Bridge: Rance Allen]
Oh when my soul gets hungry, and, he feeds me
He's blessing me again yeah (he's blessing me again)
When my spirit gets a little low, oh-ooh-oh
He lifts me up, he's blessing me again (he's blessing me again)

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I took a chance for real, so I can dance up in heaven
My granny used to always tell me "you gon' be a reverend"
But how could I see what she's saying?
When I was seven I didn't wanna go to hell so I kept steppin'
Reppin', for the lord, no weapon will be formed
Sunshine, on the grind, take me through the storm
Seems like he testing me again
But on the flip side, it's like he blessing me again

[Rance Allen]
Oh, you better come on now
Every time I turn around (he's blessing me again)
Blessing me again oh, oh
Every time I turn around (he's blessing me again)
Over, over and over again
Over and over and over again
Put yo' hands together
You better come on
You're blessing me again
Get up, get outta yo' chair
Come on all the way, all the way down here
Dance around the room
He's blessing me again
Yeah the blessing, waited on you
Yeah, you blessing me yeah (he's blessing me again)
You're blessed going in
You're blessed coming out
Everything you have is blessed without a doubt (he's blessing me again)
Get up, get outta yo' chair
Come on all the way, all the way down here
Feel the rhythm, the groove (he's blessing me again)
Dance, till you get rid of your old blues
You gotta dance, dance (he's blessing me again)
Yeah

[Verse 1: Doja Cat]
I ain't got my eye on you
Ain't been hypnotized by you, yeah
Ain't in here tryna find my dude
I take it you just like the way I wine pon you

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
How I wine pon you
The way I wine pon you
How I wine pon you
The way I wine pon you, yeah
Take it you just like the way I wine pon you
Take it you just like the way I wine pon you, yeah

[Post-Chorus: TROY NōKA]
You can catch her in the Vogue or Hustler magazine
Young red bitch, pussy wet, five screens
You can catch her in the Vogue or Hustler magazine
Young red bitch, pussy wet, five screens

[Verse 2: Doja Cat]
Yeah, yeah
Pop that like Ginkgo biloba
That booty don't need no more soda
Too hot, now this boy don't need no more doja
Leg on the seat, that's a photo
See that you focused
If there's no room, boy, we squeeze in the corner
Way that he talking, you think that he know her
Hold up
See baby, this for the night, I won't see you tomorrow
Yeah, but when I dance here, boy you better man up
Be like a museum, got you looking, boy you can't touch
Yeah, I got him speaking, got him geeking, tie them hands up
Tappin to the beat, you wanna freak her 'cause she random
Know you got your girl here, looking for your ass, run
Faking that you loyal, boy, you playing with her passion
Even when the beat slow, I shake a lil' faster
Twerking on the speaker, know you need her in your fan club

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
How I wine pon you
The way I wine pon you
How I wine pon you
The way I wine pon you, yeah
Take it you just like the way I wine pon you
Take it you just like the way I wine pon you, yeah

[Post-Chorus: TROY NōKA]
You can catch her in the Vogue or Hustler magazine
Young red bitch, pussy wet, five screens
You can catch her in the Vogue or Hustler magazine
Young red bitch, pussy wet, five screens

[Verse 3: Konshens]
Aha, oh yeah
Baby girl, badman a wuk you, we no nerdy
Make underwear fly like birdie
When me call, you cum early
Make you wanna get down and dirty
When you whine up your body so slow
Punch line, solo
It's your show, be the star and done
When you back it pon me, me nah back down

[Chorus: Doja Cat]
How I wine pon you
The way I wine pon you
How I wine pon you
The way I wine pon you, yeah
Take it you just like the way I wine pon you
Take it you just like the way I wine pon you, yeah

[Chorus]
I don't wanna waste your time
Go 'head and live your life
I could be yours tonight
We will be up 'til the morning
Don't wanna waste your time
Go 'head and live your life
I could be yours tonight
We'll be up 'til the morning
Light, light, light, light, light, light, light
Up 'til the morning light, light, light, light, light, light, light
Morning

[Verse 1]
Breakfast in bed, come and your lay your head
Down on me, bae, touch on my neck
Bacon and eggs, give you a taste
We let 'em wait, love me all day, oh
Don't say goodbye, kiss me goodnight
Yes, I say that hard work pays off, do you really know why?
I'ma show you why

[Chorus]
Don't wanna waste your time
Go 'head and live your life
I could be yours tonight
We'll be up 'til the morning
Light, light, light, light, light, light, light
Up 'til the morning light, light, light, light, light, light, light
Morning

[Verse 2]
No covers on us, baby boy, 'cause I'ma bring the heat, ooh
See I ain't no trick just because I know how to treat you
Bet them men are jealous, you know they been tryna be you
But look, there's only one who touchin', wondering if they can be you

[Interlude]
And we be rolling up all night
We be rolling up all night
We be rolling up all night
We be rolling up all night

[Bridge]
Something, baby, your loving keep me up
Got me up until God knows in the morning
Fun times watching the sunrise with you
Be up until the morning light, yeah
Something, baby, your loving keep me up
Got me up until God knows in the morning
Fun times watching the sunrise with you
Be up until the morning light, yeah, nigga

[Chorus]
Don't wanna waste your time
Go 'head and live your life
I could be yours tonight
We will be up 'til the morning
Don't wanna waste your time
Go 'head and live your life
I could be yours tonight
We'll be up 'til the morning
Light, light, light, light, light, light, light
Up 'til the morning light, light, light, light, light, light, light
Morning light, light, light, light, light, light, light
Morning light, light, light, light

[Verse 1]
Go away from my window
Leave at your own chosen speed (yeah)
I'm not the one you want babe
I'm not the one you need
You say you're looking for someone who's never weak
But always strong
To protect you and defend you whether you are right or wrong
Someone to open each and every door

[Chorus]
But it ain't me babe
No, no, no it ain't me babe
It ain't me you're looking for babe

[Verse 2]
Now go lightly from the ledge babe
Go lightly on the ground
See I'm not the one you want babe
I'll only let you down
You say you're looking for someone
Who will promise never to part
Someone to close his eyes for you babe
Someone to close his heart
Someone to die for you and more

[Chorus]
But it ain't me babe
No, no, no it ain't me babe
It ain't me you're looking for babe

[Verse 3]
You say you're looking for someone to pick you up each
Each time you fall
Each time you fall
To gather flowers constantly and to come
Each time you call
And will love you for your life and nothing more

[Chorus]
But it ain't me babe
No, no, no it ain't me babe
It ain't me you're looking for babe
No, no it ain't me
No, no it ain't me babe
No, no, no it ain't me babe
It ain't me you're looking for babe
It ain't me babe
It ain't me you're looking for

[Verse 1]
The games you played were never fun
You'd say you'd stay but then you'd run

[Chorus]
I'm not afraid anymore
What makes you sure you're all I need?
Forget about it
When you walk out the door and leave me torn
You're teaching me to live without it
Bored, I'm so bored, I'm so bored, so bored
Bored, I'm so bored, I'm so bored, so bored

[Verse 2]
I'm home alone, you're God knows where
I hope you don't think that shit's fair

[Chorus]
I'm not afraid anymore
What makes you sure you're all I need?
Forget about it
When you walk out the door and leave me torn
You're teaching me to live without it
Bored, I'm so bored, I'm so bored, so bored
Bored, I'm so bored, I'm so bored, so bored

[Chorus/Outro]
I'm not afraid anymore
What makes you sure you're all I need?
Forget about it
When you walk out the door and leave me torn
You're teaching me to live without it

[Intro: Beck Bennett & Natalie Portman]
We're here today with film star Natalie Portman. Now, Natalie, the last time you were here, I heard things got a little out of control.
Yeah, well, I was going through a really weird time then. But... I've matured a lot.
Why don't you fill us in on what it's like to be you?
Okay, ya bish.
I'm sorry, what?

[Verse 1: Natalie Portman]
Yeah, Portman, Portman, Portman, Portman, Portman, Portman
Fucked your husband and his best friend just for sport, man
Messed around and made the same song twice
Here's a Bush, now eat your Condoleezza Rice
You know it's clickbait, clickbait, clickbait
Put a dildo on a switchblade, switchblade, switchblade (Woo!)
Xannies dissolving in my Pinot
My man dance, but he's not a ballerino
Yeah, he twinkle his toes, but he give me good D, though
Wrap a good burrito
Tide Pods the only fucking thing I snack on
Black out and go motherfucking Black Swan
Ooh! These dudes slouching, fix your posture, boy
I'll come upside your head with my fucking Oscar, boy
My brain gone off that fucking Ayahuasca, boy
Tell your tourist parents I'ma turn you 'to a foster boy!

[Interlude: Beck Bennett & Natalie Portman]
Wow, I gotta say it seems like you're almost exactly the same, but with current references.
Untrue. I'm a mother now. It's really changed my perspective.
And do you find it difficult juggling kids and a career?
You can juggle these nuts.
What?

[Verse 2: Natalie Portman]
I don't dance now, I make mommy moves
When I gave birth, I didn't even push
I was blazed out, smoking bomb kush
And when my water broke, you know it drowned the doctor
They say I'm sex-positive
Hell yeah, I'm positive
That you're going down while I'm bumping "My Prerogative"
Tell me why
Ha, I guess I'm showing my age
Now bend over and spread 'em because you about to get fucked
(Damn!)

[Interlude: Beck Bennett & Natalie Portman]
Fascinating stuff. Now I have to ask, Natalie, have you seen the new Star Wars movies?
No
Oh, well they're really good! They're much better than...
Better than what?
...shit

[Verse 3: Natalie Portman & Alex Moffatt]
Say something 'bout the motherfucking prequels, bitch! (They were good!)
Say something fucking nice about Jar-Jar Binks (He's tall?)
Now kiss him right on his seventeen dicks (What?)
While I sit dead on your face and take a shit

[Bridge: Andy Samberg (as Carl the Viking) & Natalie Portman]
Oh, Natalie... Yeah?
Please come meet your baby
He cries himself to sleep every night
That little shit ain't mine!
Oh, Natalie... What?
It's been twelve long years
Shut the fuck up!
And I'm seven days sober, I swear on his life!
You're a mess, Carl.

[Outro: Beck Bennett & Natalie Portman]
Okay, well, that's all the time we have. Natalie, one last question—do you think those "Time's Up" pins have had the impact that you were hoping for? AH!
How's that for impact?
Well, actually — oh, no...
No more questions.
(Sing that shit, girl)

It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)

Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

I'm not a trick but I'm a trick for you
I'm the girl next door, doin' what you wanna do
What I'll never do, I really fell for you
You give me butterflies, heart skippin' one, two
I, I, I, gotta get it started
I want it bad, bad, I want it bad

I know you're sick, boy, I wanna get the flu
I'm runnin' temperatures thinking of your love, boo
Dizzy spells, ooh, is your love true?
I'm under influence, gettin' hot and chills too

I, I, I, gotta get it started
I want it bad, bad, I want it bad

(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)

Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)

You're such a bad boy, I heard about you
And so has every other girl, that's why they want you
My local rockstar, the Willie B. crew
You out there on the grind
Now come home to your queen, boo

I, I, I, gotta get it started
I want it bad, bad, I want it bad

You're number one, boy, no one else will do
I'm like a prize fighter, clockin' chicks to get to you
This race I run for you, won't stop until I'm through
I'm out there doing shit that I should never ever do

I, I, I, gotta get it started
I want it bad, bad, I want it bad

(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

(Oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)

Down on your knees, beggin' me, please
I am your queen, oh-ah

(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)

Don't wanna trip but I could fall for you
Heaven is a place called earth on your arm, ooh

Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

Sweet neighborhood
Love, dreams made of
It's a match made in heaven
If they're gonna talk, let 'em

(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)

(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)
(Uh-oh, uh-oh, uh
Uh-oh, uh-oh)

[Intro: Snoop Dogg & (Katy Perry)]
Greetings, loved ones
Let's take a journey
(Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa)
(Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa)

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg & (Katy Perry)]
Toned, tan, fit and ready
Turn it up cause it's getting heavy
Wild, wild, West Coast (Whoa)
These are the girls I love the most (Whoa)
I mean the ones, I mean like she's the one
Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns (Whoa)
(Uh!) The girl's a freak
She drive a Jeep and live on the beach (Whoa)
I'm okay, I won't play
I love the Bay just like I love L.A. (Whoa)
Venice Beach and Palm Springs
Summertime is everything (Whoa)
Homeboys banging out (Whoa)
All that ass hanging out (Whoa)
Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies (Whoa, whoa, whoa)
Just the king and a queenie (Whoa)
Katy, my lady (Yeah?) (Whoa, whoa)
Lookie here, baby (Uh-huh)
I'm all up on ya (Whoa, whoa)
'Cause you representing California (Ooh-ooh)
West coast (Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa)

[Hook: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg)]
Uh-huh, yeah
Uh-huh, yeah
Uh-huh, yeah
Uh-huh, yeah
Yeah
(West coast)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Post-Chorus: Katy Perry]
Uh-huh, yeah
Uh-huh, yeah
Uhh
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah, hey
(Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa)

[Chorus: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg), (Katy Perry)]
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
Now put your hands up
Now put your hands up
Now put your hands up whoa
Now put your hands up whoa
Now put your hands up whoa
Hands up (whoa), hands up (whoa), hands up (whoa)
Hands up, hands up, hands up...
(West coast)
(Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa)

[Intro: Snoop Dogg & (Katy Perry)]
Let's take a journey
Greetings, loved ones
(Oh-oh-oh-oh) Let's take a journey
(Put your hands up)

[Verse 1: Katy Perry]
I know a place where the grass is really greener
Warm, wet and wild
There must be something in the water
Sipping gin and juice
Laying underneath the palm trees (undone)
The boys break their necks
Trying to creep a little sneak peek (at us)

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You could travel the world
But nothing comes close to the golden coast
Once you party with us
You'll be falling in love
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Chorus: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg)]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
We're unforgettable
(California girls, man)
Unforgettable
(California, come on)

[Verse 2: Katy Perry]
Sex (sex) on the beach
We don't mind sand in our stilettos
We freak in my Jeep
Snoop Doggy Dogg on the stereo, oh-oh

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You could travel the world
But nothing comes close to the golden coast
Once you party with us
You'll be falling in love
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Chorus: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg)]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
(West coast)

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg + (Katy Perry)]
Toned, tan, fit and ready
Turn it up cause it's getting heavy
Wild, wild, West Coast
These are the girls I love the most
I mean the ones, I mean like she's the one
Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns
(Uh!) The girl's a freak
She drive a Jeep and live on the beach
I'm okay, I won't play
I love the Bay just like I love L.A
Venice Beach and Palm Springs
Summertime is everything
Homeboys banging out
All that ass hanging out
Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies
Just the king and a queenie
Katy, my lady (Yeah?)
Lookie here, baby (Uh-huh)
I'm all up on ya
'Cause you representing California (Ooh ooh)

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Outro: Snoop Dogg + (Vocoder)]
West Coast, West Coast, aye aye!
(California, California girls)
California girls man
Hahahaha (California)
I really wish you all could be California girls
(California girls)
California girls man
I really wish you all could be California girls

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Greetings, loved ones
Let's take, take, take journey

[Verse 1: Katy Perry]
I know a place where the grass is really greener
Warm, wet and wild
There must be something in the water
Sipping gin and juice
Laying underneath the palm trees (Undone)
The boys break their necks
Trying to creep a little sneak peek (At us)

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You could travel the world
But nothing comes close to the golden coast
Once you party with us
You'll be falling in love, in love, in love, in love

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 2: Katy Perry]
Sex (Sex) on the beach
We don't mind sand in our stilettos
We freak in my Jeep
Snoop Doggy Dogg on the stereo, oh-oh

[Pre-Chorus: Katy Perry]
You could travel the world
But nothing comes close to the golden coast
Once you party with us
You'll be falling in love
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg & Katy Perry, Both]
Toned, tan, fit and ready
Turn it up cause it's getting heavy
Wild, wild, West Coast
These are the girls I love the most
I mean the ones, I mean like she's the one
Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns (Uh!)
The girl's a freak
She drive a Jeep and live on the beach
I'm okay, I won't play
I love the Bay just like I love L.A
Venice Beach and Palm Springs
Summertime is everything
Homeboys banging out
All that ass hanging out
Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies
Just the king and a queenie
Katy, my lady (Yeah?)
Lookie here, baby (Uh-huh)
I'm all up on ya
'Cause you representin' California (Oh-oh)

[Chorus: Katy Perry]
California girls, we're unforgettable
Daisy Dukes, bikinis on top
Sun-kissed skin so hot, we'll melt your popsicle
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh

[Outro: Vocoder]
California, California girls
California, California girls

[Intro: Snoop Dogg & (Katy Perry)]
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass (Uhh)
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass (Uhh)

[Chorus: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg)]
(Uhh) California girls
(California)
(Uhh) California girls  (Uhh, uhh)
(West coast)

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg & Katy Perry]
Toned, tan, fit and ready
Turn it up cause it's getting heavy
Wild, wild, West Coast
These are the girls I love the most (Uhh)
I mean the ones, I mean like she's the one
Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns (Hey)
The girl's a freak
She drive a Jeep and live on the beach (Uhh)
I'm okay, I won't play
I love the Bay just like I love L.A
Venice Beach and Palm Springs
Summertime is everything
Homeboys banging out
All that ass hanging out
Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies
Just the king and a queenie (Uhh)
(All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass  (Uhh)
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass  (Uhh)
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that) ass hanging out

[Verse 2: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg)]
I know a place where the grass is really greener
Warm, wet and wild
There must be something in the water
(All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass  (Uhh)
All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that) Ass hanging out
All that ass  (Uhh)
(All that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that) ass hanging out
(Uhh)

[Chorus: Katy Perry & (Snoop Dogg), (Katy Perry)]
California girls, we're undeniable
California girls, we're unforgettable
California girls, we're undeniable
California girls, we're unforgettable
California girls, we're undeniable
Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock
West Coast represent, now put your hands up
All that ass hanging out
(Ass, ass, ass)  (Uhh, uhh, uhh)
(All that ass hanging out) (Uhh, uhh, uhh)
All that ass hanging out
(all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass)  (Uhh)
(all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass)
(all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, all that, ass) (Uhh)
(all that, all that, all that, all that, all that) all that ass hanging out
(Uhh, uhh, uhh)

[Outro: Snoop Dogg & (Katy Perry)]
California gurls man (Uh)
I really wish you all could be California girls, girls, girls...
(All that ass hanging out)
(Uhh, uhh, uhh)
(All that) Ass, ass, ass...
(All that) Ass, ass, ass...
(All that) Ass, ass, ass...
(All that) Ass, ass, ass...
Hanging out
Wow
Wow

[Chorus]
Mi and di mandem
We haffi run from half of di gyal dem
So sweet, so sweet
Dem want mi children and ting
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings
So sweet, you're so sweet, yeah
Yeah, mi nuh ready fi all dem things yet
So sweet, so sweet, yeah
Yeah, I'm not ready fi all dem tings yet
I'm not ready fi all dem tings yet

[Verse 1]
She call me kid, kid, kid
My mama kiss her teeth
She say mi tooth-tooth sweet
She say mi tooth-tooth sweet
Don't make me feel like I love you
Just 'cause I thought you was special
Won't make me feel like I love you
Baby, girl, I won't settle
I had dreams of fuckin' the baddest bitch
Last night I woke up and I fucked the baddest bitch
I thought I would be ready when I seen her
When I was underneath her
I gotta keep it honest
Keep it real with you

[Chorus]
Mi and di mandem
We haffi run from half of di gyal dem
So sweet, so sweet
Dem want mi children and tings
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings
So sweet, you're so sweet
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings yet
So sweet, so sweet
Mi and di mandem
We haffi run from half of di gyal dem
So sweet, you're so sweet
Dem want mi children and tings
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings
So sweet, you're so sweet
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings
So sweet, so sweet

[Verse 2]
Strapped up, girl stay mapped up
'Cause I need to know where you are
Can't keep following these signs
'Cause you're lookin' for a sign, and I can't give you one
Start to feel like it's mad love
That's givin' your attraction, to me
Yeah, I just want you, nobody else, baby
I don't wanna get too far
It's just you that I want

[Chorus]
When it's mi and di mandem
We haffi run from half of di gyal dem
So sweet, so sweet
Dem want mi children and tings
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings
So sweet, you're so sweet
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings yet
So sweet, so sweet
Mi and di mandem
We haffi run from half of di gyal dem
So sweet, so sweet
Dem want mi children and tings
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings
So sweet, you're so sweet
Mi nuh ready fi all dem tings
I see you wondering what's wrong with you
And your father says it's true
Will your crush make you not innocent
Martha helped to see you through

Said it comes in waves... are you feeling safe?
Christopher and 6th, where i lay to rest

When he took your hand when you were scared
Stroked your thigh while you were weak
Can you flex while with another man?
Society says don't you speak

[Verse 1]
Now as the summer fades, I let you slip away
You say I'm not your type, but I can make you sway
It makes you burn to learn you're not the only one
I'd let you be if you put down your blazing gun

[Pre-Chorus]
Now you've gone somewhere else far away
I don't know if I will find you (Find you, find you)
But you feel my breath on your neck
Can't believe I'm right behind you (Right behind you)

[Chorus]
'Cause you keep me coming back for more
And I feel a little better than I did before
If I never see your face again, I don't mind
'Cause we got much further than I thought we'd get tonight

[Verse 2]
Sometimes you move so well, it's hard not to give in
I'm lost, I can't tell where you end and I begin
It makes me burn to learn you're with another man
I wonder if he's half the lover that I am

[Pre-Chorus]
Now you've gone somewhere else far away
I don't know if I will find you (Find you, find you)
But you feel my breath on your neck
Can't believe I'm right behind you (Right behind you)

[Chorus]
'Cause you keep me coming back for more
And I feel a little better than I did before
If I never see your face again, I don't mind
'Cause we got much further than I thought we'd get tonight

[Bridge]
Baby, baby, please believe me
Find it in your heart to reach me
Promise not to leave me behind (Promise not to leave me behind)
Take me down, but take it easy
Make me think but don't deceive me
Torture me by taking your time (Talk to me, talk to me)

[Chorus]
'Cause you keep me coming back for more
And I feel a little better than I did before
And if I never see your face again, I don't mind
'Cause we got much further than I thought we'd get tonight
(Torture me, yeah, torture me)
Keep me coming back for more (Coming back for more)
And I feel a little better than I did before
If I never see your face again, I don't mind
'Cause we got much further than I thought we'd get tonight

[Verse 1: Nathan]
Pair me with your roof and I might jump
Skull cracking open, throat with a lump
Summer will come by, then it will leave
Why am I wearing my heart on my sleeve?

[Chorus: Nathan]
Take away everything
I am just someone in search of songs to sing
Take away everything
Words like these don't come around enough for me

[Verse 2: Nathan]
I am an ocean, quick to the draw
Legs of a runner, blood of my Pa
There's insides to outsides and I'm in both
Seems like I'm losing most of my hope

[Chorus: Nathan]
Take away everything
I am just someone in search of songs to sing
Take away everything
Words like these don't come around enough for me

[Outro]
What's the point of anything?
I am just someone in search of songs to sing
Take away everything
Words like these don't come around enough for me
What's the point of anything?
I am just someone in search of songs to sing
Take away everything
Words like these don't come around enough for me
You grew up in a different world
I as a black man, I may know pain but I don't
Know the pain of a black woman
...Seen America with different eyes, than the
Slain Puerto Rican sister, June 12th.. June 12th...
My eyes were scratched out on many dates I
Can't remember..
You must love yourself..
Don't fake it till you make it
Stay true till you're thru.. Ya get me..
Dam Funk said - too hood for the nerds, too weird for the thugs...
R.I.P Philando I swear I woulda flexed on dem niggas..
Mann
The older British don't know what it's like.. On my mama
I sweat blood on a Euro
Are you an ally or are you hiding?
I've seen the sides of you, I've seen your eyes on view
I've seen the way they look at you, cold oh I know..
Koh moht nah rohd, ehp me
Time to let go, of me

[Verse 1: Jake]
You tried to pick up
The pieces and shut up

[Refrain: Jake, Jake & Nathan]
But feeble joy, is all she wrote
It's alright

[Verse 2: Jake, Jake & Nathan]
You swore pages were burning
Some strange fascination

[Refrain: Jake, Jake & Nathan]
Feeble joy, is all she wrote
It's alright

[Verse 3: Jake]
Afternoon naps by the sea
A random cadence, your case was pleading
Our time was fleeting
It's over again, my friend
Wait and see
I've wondered 'bout it many nights
Where we would be if we were falling, crawling

[Refrain: Jake & Nathan]
For feeble joy
It's all she wrote

[Bridge: Jake, Jake & Nathan]
With notes from a conversation
With notes from a conversation
With notes from a conversation
With notes from a conversation

[Refrain: Jake, Jake & Nathan]
Oh, feeble joy
It's all she wrote
I know

[Verse 1]
Slowly going in hand on her mouth
Bout to have sex while it's people in my house
She ain't really caring nothin 'bout the party
Tryin to keep her calm but she so naughty
Hand on her shoulder while I'm rollin it
Looking in the mirror while I'm stroking it
Then she pull away and I don't get it
She ready I can tell the way she poking it
Or except one thing she likes her mama don't know
How to act when I'm hitting from the back (yea)
Cause shes moaning loud and she scratching me
She's going wild and shes grabbing me about to
Make the bed break we rockin it break we pushin it
I know they're hearin it
But she don't want me to take it out keep going
And I don't really wanna take it out she says
There's somethin freaky about the other people
Being on the other side of the door

[Chorus]
Shorty is a screamer
Shorty is a screamer
Breathe breathe hit it rest
Breathe breathe hit it rest

[Verse 2]
Pulling on her hair
Grabbin her neck
She give me full control the up most respect
And our love in the air our love in the air
She's about to make me forget that I'm a player
She yank me I spank her she say spank me more
I spank her again and now we all on the floor floor floor
Now I'm going lower lower lower
Then she turned over
She said she never had a man do it like that
I said I never heard somebody moaning like that
Cause she's bitting her lips and making faces
As I ram her hips we goin crazy about to make
The bed break we rockin it break we pushin it
I know they're hearing it
But she don't want me to take it out keep going
And I don't really wanna take it out she says
There's somethin freaky about the other people
Being on the other side of the door

[Chorus]
Shorty is a screamer
Shorty is a screamer
Breathe breathe hit it rest
Breathe breathe hit it rest
Breathe breathe hit it rest
Breathe breathe hit it rest

[Bridge]
She screaming so sexy
It's tropical like a fantasy (yeah)
Deeper I can't control her because shorty is a
Shorty is, shorty is a screamer
Shorty is a screamer
She love it, she love it
I'm pushing it

[Chorus]
Shorty is a screamer
Shorty is a screamer
Shorty is a screamer (yeah)
She's a screamer
She's a screamer (shhhh)

[Outro]
Be quiet
Girl calm down
You gotta be quiet

[Intro]
Ahh, sensation
You give me (sensation)
You give me (a sensation)
A freaky sensation, come here girl (woo!)

[Chorus]
You give me a, freaky sensation
You give me a, freaky sensation

[Verse 1]
Yo, girl you give me a freaky sensation
Whenever I'm around you my baby
It's so amazing how you do your body
I'm so impatient when it come to sexing your body
I can't wait until I hear you moan, baby
Like ooou ooou baby, ooou ooou baby
And I can't wait until I get you home, baby
And do you, baby, do you, baby
Like, the way you do it make me rise up
Make me wanna put you in a position girl while I cut yo' thighs up
Shake it boo boo, let it go
Let it flow, it's out of control, girl you

[Chorus]
You give me a, freaky sensation
(You give me my baby)
You give me a
(Whenever I'm around you girl, I get) freaky sensation
(A freaky sensation, from you baby)

[Verse 2]
Up and down on that pole doing the things you do
'Bout to lose it, baby, you gon' make me attack you
When you roll yo' hips like that, when you move yo' booty like that
When you set it on me like that
Keep it right there just like that, you got me so gone
That pussy like sunshine, got me saying I'm never going home
I can't wait until I hear you moan, baby
Like ooou ooou baby, ooou ooou baby
And I can't wait until I get you home, baby
And do you, baby, do you, baby
Like, any excuse to keep you 'round me (girl)
Any thing to keep you beside me (girl)
I don't care what it takes, want you here when I awake
'Cause I'ma want some more of that back to back, baby

[Chorus]
You give me a (yeah, baby you give me a) freaky sensation
(Girl don't never stop it, no, 'cause I like it, ohh, baby you)
You give me a (you give me my baby), freaky sensation
(A freaky sensation, yeah, a freaky sensation, yeah)

[Verse 3]
Baby what you say we both get naked
Freak up in the bed 'til we just can't take it (ooo wee)
Then after that we freak a little more
And then after that we blow a little 'dro
It's kinky, it's freaky, we doing all kind of tricks (tricks)
I pull the pants down and you go straight for the (ahh)
Then you pull yo' pants down and I go straight for the (ahh)
And we high from smoking that (ahh)
And we drunk from drinking that (ahh)
All the way from the bedroom, babe
Downstairs to the kitchen, babe
Baby girl you drive me crazy
Freaky sensation, babe (girl you)

[Chorus]
You give me a (ohhh, you give me a freaky, girl), freaky sensation
(It's all I want, all I need is a freaky)
You give me a (oh what a feeling
What a feeling I get when I'm 'round you), freaky sensation
(Girl, a freaky sensation, girl, a freaky sensation)
You give me a (whenever I'm around you, baby
You make me feel so freaky, baby), freaky sensation
(Baby girl you know you drive me crazy), freaky sensation

[Intro]
Girl, we both know why we here tonight (ohh na na)
To satisfy both of our sexual appetites (ohh na na)
So let's quit fronting and do what we came to do, girl

[Verse 1]
I can feel our hormones going crazy in this room (ooouu baby)
And girl I'm gonna bust it we don't get to sexing soon (oouu baby)
See making you scream is the mission that I'm on (girl, woo!)
And I wanna here your body calling all night long, for me

[Pre-Chorus]
See, I been waiting to tap that thang
Girl, I been going crazy
Baby if you feel the same
Then let me hear you scream my name, woo!

[Chorus]
Girl, I want your body (body)
Do you want my body (body), like I want your body?
(Girl, all I wanna do is)
Girl, I wanna freak you (freak you)
Do you wanna freak me (freak me)
Like I wanna freak you? (Aww yeah)

[Verse 2]
Girl, I'm ready to go down and show you
(Baby, would you like me to?)
You'll never want me to come back up again (once I)
Tonight the TV will be watching us (girl, woo!)
Just call it sex Olympics, baby, let the games begin
(Ooouu girl I been waiting)

[Pre-Chorus]
I been waiting to tap that thang (ready to tap)
I been going crazy (crazy)
Baby if you feel the same
Then let me hear you scream my name (ooou girl)

[Chorus]
Girl, I want your body (girl, I want your body)
Do you want my body (ooouu, ooouu), like I want your body?
(Like I want your body, yeah)
Girl, I wanna freak you (freak yoouuu)
Do you wanna freak me, like I wanna freak you?

[Bridge]
There are so many things that I wanna do to you
But first, girl, you gotta want me to (gotta want me to)
First of all, girl, I wanna lay you down and get you comfortable
And then I'm gonna kiss on you (la la la, baby), girl
Girl, I promise to make your body feel good
(Ooouu baby I promise)
To freak you and make your body feel good

[Pre-Chorus]
I been waiting to tap that thang (girl I been waiting)
I been going crazy (going crazy)
Baby if you feel the same (if you feel the same)
Then let me hear you scream my name, woo!

[Chorus]
Girl, I want your body (girl, I want your body)
Do you want my body
(Do you want my body), like I want your body?
(Like I want your body, all I want)
Girl, I wanna freak you (freak you)
Do you wanna freak me (do you wanna freak me)
Like I wanna freak you? (Like I wanna freak you)
Girl, I want your body
Do you want my body, like I want your body?
(Like I want your body, girl, baby)
Girl, I wanna freak you (I wanna freak you, freak you)
Do you wanna freak me (do you wanna freak me)
Like I wanna freak you? (Freak me, yeah)
Girl, I want your body
Do you want my body, like I want your body?
Girl, I wanna freak you
Do you wanna freak me, like I wanna freak you?
Girl, I want your body...

[Intro]
This bumpin' ass beat from D-A-Z

[Hook]
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
I heard a new beat, somebody say they smashed it
Well if Daz ain't do it I can't mash wit' it
And that's on DP, D-A-Z always got them bumpin' bombay beats
For your system, in your raggedy car
Oh your lady's getting crazy at the topless bar
Ain't no stopping this hard, hip hop fanatical, beats cold
Uh-uh you know it, Dogg Pound Gangsta flavor
Misbehavior, baby hit me on the pager
It's too major, the way we keep it going now
My cuzzn Daz hooked this groove so it's going down

[Pre-Hook: Snoop Dogg]
You in the coupe with Snoop
It make you say di-du-ti-du-grid-oove
It can't stop till you get it, got it
Now move to this groove

[Hook]
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
We move mountains, flow like fountains
Make so much paper we need four accounts
So keep bouncin' to that gangsta-gangsta
We back on the block, but we ain't come with the same stuff
We stacked it up differently, in fact specifically
The Corleone song so strong it put you in the zone of your own
Nappy-headed, dreaded, yeah I said it
Get ya comb and uh grab ya bones
Cause the junkyard Dogg brought her back a gravy train
And thangs ain't the same with this Dogg Pound Gang
So many niggas fell off, yeah I let 'em bell off
Cause me and spanky loco, man we doing well off
I give a toast to you fleas who became my enemies
We on a mit-ash wit' hizz-ash, all about the kid-ash

[Pre-Hook: Snoop Dogg]
You in the coupe with Snoop
It make you say di-du-ti-du-grid-oove

[Hook]
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
I'm known through the world as OG Snoop Dogg
I'm known through the world for fadin' 'em all
See, me and my kinfolk kick ass all the time
Wit' da coldest beats and da coldest rhymes
All the time I gets in you when you gets geniune
Feel the draft, as Snoop Dogg starts to combine
Uh, turn up the treble and uh turn up the bass
Cause-uh this shit bumpin' like lil style face
See-uh, we came wit' who got some gangsta shit like Doggystyle
Murder was the case and Dogg Food for 9-5
And 9-6 I'ma gon' be the shiznit
Doggfather in your system nigga check dis
I get wit' 'em, get tragic, I get 'em, got wit' 'em in all kinds of ways
Come wit' the bombay uh

[Pre-Hook: Snoop Dogg]
You in the coupe with Snoop
Bumpin' to the grid-oove
I thought you knid-ew
Bi-atch

[Hook]
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z
Gimme dat
Bump (15x)
Bumpin' ass beat (from who?)
From the D-A-Z

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
10-20-71, the day I come out
Two days later, I'm runnin' my mouth
Mom's put a bottle to my grill
I look her in the face and I say chill
So she puts her back up on a pillow
Five minutes later I'm bailin' out the hoes-pital
On my way to the liquor store
The first thing I grab is some skins and a 4-0
Dropped the O-E cause it's just too cold
I get myself some gin instead and then I stroll
But before I get out the door
The man behind the counter says hey, yo, yo
He picks me up and sit me on the seat
And then he grabbed the phone and get to dialin' the police
I wanna run but I can't walk yet
Can't grapple with nothin' said, cause I can't talk yet
First trip in the police car
Cameras all around me as if I was a star
Young black toddler, it's feeling like they dissin' me
Mom's grabbed me, and then she gets to kissin' me
She thanks the police for my good health
I don't know why, I coulda done that by my muthafuckin' self
And I always love my mama cause she raised me right
And I must say that I'm a gangsta

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
Livin' in a gangsta'z life
Straight gangsta'z life

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Let's speed the clock up and pass some time
June 17th, 1979
That's my first time being arrested
I know I done the crime, but I ain't going to confess to this shit
I learned that from the G's
A G is a overseer, the overseer sees
More than you do cause he gets experience
And besides I'm just a juvenile delinquent
'fore I was gone, and I'm on my way home
My momma's coming to get me in a fleetwood brougham
She puts a jacket on my back and hands me a comb
We stop at frosty freeze for a couple of snowcones
She telling me that I didn't need to do what I done
She said: "playing football should be your only fun son"
I'm like "allright" so we head to the house
I mobbed through the door and pops fired to the mouth
I couldn't do nothing but cry like a bitch
I looked at my momma and said: "damn, why you snitch?"
They put me on punishment but that didn't work
Now wearing khakis, wallabees, and a t-shirt
And throwing up the neighborhood gang signs
I do my first robbery and now I gotta do time
5 feet, 6 wearin' 83
They sent me to a place called LP
I bailed in the dorm lookin' hard as hell
I told 'em who I was and where I dwell
Some fool had beef and he ran up on me
Hear nothin' pop cause I spotted one of my homies
Who ran the game to me in the correct manner
And told me to stay down for my bandana
Two weeks later, I'm getting shipped to another institution
I'm fucking up, starting confusion
Vibed on my counselor, feeling like a champ
I finally get settled down at the junior fine camp
I do my little time up in this home sweet home
My momma's coming to get me in a fleetwood brougham
I'm on swauce, so if pops swing it's on
But things did change, why?, cause pops ain't home
Why? he couldn't take it, what? so he moved on out
Left my momma the car, the kids, the bills, and the house
That's half of my life summoned up
That's why young, black teens in the ghetto don't be comin' up
The way their ancestors did
Because mom plays the role of both parents to the kids
But when you make it, your father, he shows up shortly
But when thangs ain't right, they play the role like they don't know me
But when you play me like that ya see
I have no other choice but playin' the role of a G

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
This is a gangsta'z life
Straight gangsta'z life

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
I'm full grown, out on my own
But my impression is still at my momma's home
My baby brother, guess what y'all? he wanna be like me
They call him lil Snoop Dogg and he way more harder than I was
A hog, been through YA, nellaz, and all the hogs
He even robbed santa claus on Christmas day
And every Sunday my momma pray that he don't get caught up in gunplay
Hey, I made the bed so I guess I gotta lay
I guess I'll slide through and ride through the hood today
Lay low, hold ya gats, and watch yaself
Stay composed, I freeze-frozed clothes, doze on O'z
Muthafuckas who be lovin' a cup of shit of shit up
All they wanna do is show another nigga lit up, hit up
Names of the homies who rest in peace
Ya got your stars on wit' ya flag, and ya khakis properly creased
Mobbin' through the way or should I say
Strollin' through the park one day
Sippin' on the Hen do' sad'n a muthafucka
Cops raid my house, they shot my baby brother
They say he was strapped but they never found a strap
This life of a gangsta, he'll never get back
And it's like that

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
This is a gangsta'z life

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Life is just like a baseball game, three strikes you're out, no doubt
Curveballs, knuckles, sliders, and heaters
You gotsta stay on your toes and keep your eyes on their dick beaters
They greet us, like they down with our leaders
But they knowin' damn well they wanna defeat us and cheat us
Hmm, weed is-
Kick back, relax, and blaze like saks back to back
Every corner that I turn and every city I'm in
Every time I set my mind to spit rhyme with my pen
I mix the gin with Hen
Penitentiary and the graveyard got my homeboys but I refuse to let 'em back me in
I come out bustin' and blastin' in a Dogg Pound fashion
Nigga, that's what's happenin'
In this game I'm on my own with my back on the wall
Right hand on my heater, left hand on my balls

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
I'm screamin' "fuck the laws"
Dogg bones and paws
Drinkin' cans of 8 balls with the muthafuckin' straw
Tilted, leanin'
Hoes tryna get at a nigga, security screen 'em
We dem G's, just C's, no fleas
We beez the epitome of rap, D-O-double-G's
The biggest, the realest niggas speak on it
You got a hunnid on it? I got a bad freak on it

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Spent about a week on it
Season, marinate, tryna get it tight
Now I got that shit tight
Let me spit it tonight
Bust a bad bitch on sight
Skeet on her face and then I gotta catch a flight
At 8:30 in the mornin' wit' my nigga Dwight
Who got a show for a nigga?
Who got some dope for a nigga?
Since everything on cuz I guess he got a hoe for a nigga
Love it or leave it, I'll take her home and beat it
I love it when a bitch act conceited
That's when I tell her I don't need it
See I can pass it
Bitch I'm a muthafuckin' classic
Bitch don't ya know?
I put the G in the P and put the C in the rolls
But you know, 'nuff said
Pass the 40 of the oh-ee
I'm takin' it to the head

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Fuck the laws
Dogg bones and paws
Drinkin' cans of 8 balls with my muthafuckin' straws
Tilted, leanin'
Hoes tryna get at a nigga, security screen 'em
We dem G's, just C's, no fleas
We beez the epitome of rap, D-O-double-G's
The biggest, the realest niggas speak on it
You got a thousand on it? nigga I got a freak on it

[Spoken: Snoop Dogg]
Worldwide, DPG, catostrophic, D-O-double-G, ya know
Uh that's how we doin' this shit for the 2000 y'all
New millennium, keep it gangsta y'all
A little somethin' for the low riders
Outsiders
Gangsters
And the bitches
Uh, fuck the haters
Haha, ya know
That's right out here Cat
Ya know, ya know
Uh, uh, uh

[Outro]
Yeah baby
It's bangin' baby
Oh yeah, it's 

[?]
I'm lovin' this yeah
Well alright
D-O-double-G
Got a straw for y'all
Is that how they do's it on the west coast?
Oooh, you smell that?
That's funky, ugh

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Ask me how I feel, I say, "I feel alright"
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)
Ask me how I feel, I say, "I feel alright"
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)

[Post-Chorus]
Ooouuu
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)
Ooouuu
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
I got that Hemi in my whip, so I can't slow it down
I got MacQueen in my cup, so it's going down
I got that KK in my joint, so you know it's going 'round
I get up on the track an show you how it's supposed to sound
I come to your town, money get found
Them 'lil niggas want a ounce, I'm 'bout to roll a pound
Niggas hate, where the bank? I don't fuck with y'all
Keep it real, fuck the fake shit, sex doll

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
Ask me how I feel, I say, "I feel alright"
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)
Ask me how I feel, I say, "I feel alright"
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)

[Post-Chorus]
Ooouuu
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)
Ooouuu
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)

[Verse 2: Sosamann]
Hey
"How do you feel?"
My nigga, I told you, I'm great
I'm hittin' the gas, no brake
These niggas, they sad and they hate
While I'm tryna make cash, walk out of the safe
The Ps come from out of estate
Grinded all of my life, but I do not skate
I used to play ball in the crate
Now I ball in the mall I’m having my way (hey)
I'm just out living my life (ooh)
Diamonds they bright and they bite (ayy)
Remember running from the buzz?
Now I perform in front of the lights
Look busy, I'm short, they like the knife (ayy)
Eating the steak with the rice (woah)
Water with no pipe
Yeah, that'd be a wonderful night

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa & Sosamann]
Ask me how I feel, I say, "I feel alright"
(Hey, hey, woo)
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)
Ask me how I feel, I say, "I feel alright"
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)

[Post-Chorus]
Ooouuu
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)
Ooouuu
I'm just out here tryna live my best life (best life)

[Intro: Peewee Roscoe & Young Thug]
Thugger
Ya digg?
Yeah, we got more rings than Michael Jordan
And, um, we ain't shot no jumper
But we have shot a couple niggas, you know
You digg?
I digg
Thugger, I digg
Ice on, and I digg
(London on da Track, bitch)

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Y-S-L, we gon' catch a couple bodies
If these niggas think we sweet in these streets (yeah, whoa, yeah)
I know I'ma fuck that bitch from the bottom to the top
I'ma buy her a brand new watch, nigga, yes, indeed (yah)
Ayy, yeah

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
You with that same ho, boy
You 'posed to swap out with them bitches (what?)
If she the truth, you 'posed to show that lil' bitch riches (you, what?)
They wanna fuck my bitch 'cause she fly as a Frisbee (fly as a Frisbee)
I stuffed that pussy with a broom like a witch (what ya tell 'em?)
Yeah, I'm screamin' yeah like I'm E-40
Yeah, I drank that lean, but I'm not snorin'
Yeah, sing to her like Lil' Corey (what?)
Yeah, I wanna fat baby like Norbit (swoop)
Ooh, she wanna tell me she for real and how she livin', how she feel right now
Ooh, I usually don't give her no head, but I'm so drunk, I'm goin' down

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Y-S-L, we gon' catch a couple bodies
If these niggas think we sweet in these streets (hrrrrrat)
(London On Da Track, bitch)
I know I'ma fuck that bitch from the bottom to the top
I'ma buy her a brand new watch, nigga, yes, indeed
Ayy, yeah

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Fuck that bitch from the bottom
Fuck that little bitty bitch from the bottom
I'ma go an' pop my motherfuckin' collar
I'ma big ol' blood, I'ma pop my bollar
I'ma go shootin' your motherfuckin' father
And my kids gonna know, "God damn, he was ballin'"
And my partner gon' shoot at your motherfuckin' partner
Got so much water, I can buy me a dolphin
You can run off with a nickel or a dime, or an ounce
Or a motherfuckin' bird, nigga, still get a coffin, yeah
Got a whole dirty bird on a motherfuckin' fish scale, yeah, no dolphin
I'ma fuck me a bitch in the hole, I'm a dog
You ain't a real street nigga, you ain't took no losses
Why the fuck your clique ain't talkin' when I catch 'em?
I'ma pop your ass, y'all ain't no ballers (Woo)
I'ma slow it down like I'm on a MARTA bus
And we control this town, boy, ain't no clownin' us
Yeah, these niggas some haters, I see 'em frownin' us
Meanwhile, these niggas' bitches love being 'round us

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Y-S-L, we gon' catch a couple bodies
If these niggas think we sweet in these streets
(London on da Track, bitch)
I know I'ma fuck that bitch from the bottom to the top
I'ma buy her a brand new watch, nigga, yes, indeed
Ayy, yeah

[Chorus]
Boy I got a crush on you-ooh
It ain't really much, I just wanna touch
I don't want no love from you-ohh
Hey, never said in love
You might not be cut out for it
I just got a question

[Post-Chorus]
Do you, do you, do you got a crush on me?
'Cause I got one on you, ooh
Do you, do you, do you got a crush on me?
'Cause I got one on you, ooh

[Verse 1]
You think you're in love, but you're not
Wanna cuff, but you won't
That's lust, better stop, mm
You bitter-faced, bet it does get you off
How a crush gets you off
Tryna fuss, let you ride, mm
I'm hypnotized, that thang so big
It's true to size, you stupid fly
You cupid fly, that rang so big
Not too surprised, known for the lies
No puppet, I'ma say fuck it
Nigga got a love bug, give me, I'm buggin'
Take ya time now baby don't rush it
If we vibe then, baby don't duck it

[Chorus]
Boy I got a crush on you-ooh
It ain't really much, I just wanna touch
I don't want no love from you-ooh
Hey, never said in love
You might not be cut out for it
I just got a question

[Post-Chorus]
Do you, do you, do you got a crush on me?
'Cause I got one on you, ooh
Do you, do you, do you got a crush on me?
'Cause I got one on you, ooh

[Verse 2]
Tryna give him this box like V-day
Heartbeat rase like a relay
Bust it in your mouth just for keepsake
Billie Jean on the D, that's a BJ
If I'm Kim then you Ray, that's a remake
Throw that money on that ass, it's a cheesecake
Hot candle with the wax, that's a B-day
They all wanna ride on it, that's a freeway

[Bridge]
He just wanna pop that Maraschino
Pick that nigga up like cappuccino
I feel drunk in love like bathtub Clicquot
Told that nigga bet like he at a casino
Now he know

[Chorus]
Boy I got a crush on you-ooh
It ain't really much, I just wanna touch
I don't want no love from you-ooh
Hey, never said in love
You might not be cut out for it
I just got a question

[Post-Chorus]
Do you, do you, do you got a crush on me?
'Cause I got one on you, ooh
Do you, do you, do you got a crush on me?
'Cause I got one on you, ooh

[Verse 1]
Sid: This is my once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Felt the morning sun and knew that
This was my once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Even got a kiss from you
I feel like hoppin' up and down
Like a kangaroo
Jumpin' fences, climbin' trees
What pleases me is what I'll do, 'cause

[Chorus]
This is our once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Everyone's entitled to be wild
Be a child, be a goof, raise the roof
Once a year
This is our once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Once a year we're jumping fences
This is our once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Once a year we lose our senses

[Verse 2]
Look at Charlie up a tree
Kissin' Katie's ear
Charlie's wife is mad as hell

[Chorus]
Oh well it happens once a year
And this is that once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Everyone's entitle to be wild
Be a child, be a goof, raise the roof
Once a year

[Verse 3]
Look at Papa Halterbush
92 today
Running off with Sadie Lee

[Chorus]
He's heading for that pile of hay
'Cause this is his once-a-year day
Once-a-year day
Everyone's entitle to be wild
Be a child, be a goof, raise the roof
Once a year

[Verse 1]
God said it takes far more than confession
Be a good man or give me your best impression
God said my blood's too warm for forgiveness
Set forth on the interstellar ark of sinners

[Chorus]
God's face was so big on that day
Lord, don't let me get bored Sunday
Left with a million things to say
Left me on this doomsday

[Verse 2]
God said the confusion is the feeling
Write a hook here or let it be unappealing
God said read me in the cliff's erosion
Sunlight feels so good but I just can't see nothing

[Chorus]
God's face was so big on that day
Lord, don't let me get bored Sunday
Left with a million things to say
Left me on this doomsday
God's face was so big on that day
Lord, don't let me get bored Sunday
Left with a million things to say
Left me on this doomsday

[Verse 1]
Topless with the top down
How many zeros do you need?
Through the territory of fear
How many zeros do you need?

[Chorus]
Sometimes bruises equal memories
Pulled towards that love like gravity
Sometimes bruises equal memories
Pulled towards that love like gravity

[Verse 2]
Work like an illusion
How many zeros do you need?
Freud auto-correction
How many zeros do you need?

[Chorus]
Sometimes bruises equal memories
Pulled towards that love like gravity
Sometimes bruises equal memories
Pulled towards that love like gravity

[Bridge]
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la

[Outro]
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la
La-la, la-la, la-la, la-la

[Verse]
She wanted to find a way
To be someone else for a day
Major league chemicals make her grave
Miracles in a bathroom stall

[Chorus]
She knows, she knows, she knows
Major league chemicals
She knows, she knows, she knows
Major league chemicals

[Verse]
She wanted to find a way
To be someone else for a day
Major league chemicals make her grave
Miracles in a bathroom stall

[Chorus]
She knows, she knows, she knows
Major league chemicals
She knows, she knows, she knows
Major league chemicals

[Chorus]
She knows, she knows, she knows
Major league chemicals
She knows, she knows, she knows
Major league chemicals

[Verse 1]
Amoral, but not evil
Sick of fake democracies
No one will fuck the ugly robot
Samael owns history

[Chorus]
My thinking is done by your machine
Can't escape the 20th century
Handing in my resignation
At the Ministry of Alienation

[Verse 2]
Not heaven, just California
Escape with you or from it all
Terraform a hostile wasteland
Like the rapture in reverse

[Chorus]
My thinking is done by your machine
Can't escape the 20th century
Handing in my resignation
At the Ministry of Alienation

[Verse 1]
Warm rain and thunder
Days are getting darker
A week is such a long time
Eras rot like nature
Age of paranoia
Don't be such a modern stranger
Oh angel

[Chorus]
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting

[Verse 2]
Of heaven, tongues are fencing
Too many leaves in the city
Careful like an orchid
Love survives forever
Age of paranoia
Don't be such a modern stranger
Oh angel

[Chorus]
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting

[Guitar Solo]

[Chorus]
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting
Hunnybee, Hunnybee
There's no such thing
As sweeter a sting

[Verse 1]
Listen to the crunching
Music of the crashing
Mopeds all around her
Painted with the burning
Powders of exotic
Funerals that surround her

[Chorus]
Chronos feasts on his children
Like turning mango flesh
Will the troubles cease
When she pays off the police?

[Verse 2]
Infection filled my head like
Springtime flower beds and
Evaporating trash
Pressure in the skull like
Leaking timber hull made
Dreams so wonderful

[Chorus]
Chronos feasts on his children
Like turning mango flesh
Will the troubles cease
When she pays the pigs off?

[Verse 1]
I wake up alone
Do you wake up with someone else?

[Chorus]
Only you could love me
Only you could love me
That way
That way
That way
That way

[Verse 2]
Awoke with long fingernails
In the internet of love

[Chorus]
Only you could love me
Only you could love me
That way
That way
That way
That way

[Verse 3]
I helped you raise
Our imaginary child

[Chorus]
Only you could love me
Only you could love me
That way
That way
That way
That way

[Verse 1]
Songs we started left me broken hearted
Mmm, I have been frozen in time, yeah
Mmm, roses on your mind will call you home
Prayers unspoken left no hearts unbroken
Mmm, I've been turning on a dime, yeah
Mmm, roses on your mind will call you home

[Chorus]
Said we're not in love
We just hang out high as kites
Said we're not in love
We're just halfway out of our mind
And we hang out high as kites
We're not in love, we're just high
We're just high

[Verse 2]
Second verses are the worst of curses
Mmm, how can we define the line? Yeah
Mmm, roses on your mind will call you home

[Chorus]
Said we're not in love
We just hang out high as kites
Said we're not in love
We're just halfway out of our mind
And we hang out high as kites
Said we're not in love, we're just high
We're just high
We're just high
We're just high

[Bridge]
We're not in love
We're not in love
We're not in love

[Chorus]
We're not in love
We just hang out high as kites
We're not in love
We're just halfway out of our mind
And we hang out high as kites
We're not in love, we're just high
We're just high

[Verse 1]
Where'd all my druggy friends go?
Mississippi, San Francisco
They think I don't understand anything anymore
I miss how we used to speak the secret loser language
You blocked my number just because I stayed alive

[Chorus]
If you're going to break yourself
If you're going to break yourself
You're gonna break me
You're gonna break me
If you're going to break yourself
If you're going to break yourself
You're gonna break me
You're gonna break me

[Verse 2]
Our tongues and our spit blue from blue candy
Kissed with numb lips and wondered what was up with
This landscape is a paradise when you close your eyes
And you're an asshole, you know, but I miss you

[Chorus]
If you're going to break yourself
If you're going to break yourself
You're gonna break me
You're gonna break me
If you're going to break yourself
If you're going to break yourself
You're gonna break me
You're gonna break me

[Bridge]
Gonna break, gonna break me
Break yourself, yourself
Gonna break me
Gonna break, gonna break me

[Chorus]
If you're going to break yourself
If you're going to break yourself
You're gonna break me
You're gonna break me
If you're going to break yourself
If you're going to break yourself
You're gonna break me
You're gonna break me

[Verse 1]
I'm caught beyond the feeling I won't live far beyond this
I'm caught beyond the feeling I won't live far beyond these years
We're growing in a vicious garden
We don't complain or nothing
Did you hear that sound? Silence
Kinda jumpy now
Backwards despite this feeling
Backwards despite this feeling

[Verse 2]
I'm caught beyond the feeling I won't live far beyond this
I'm caught beyond the feeling I won't live far beyond these years
We're growing in a vicious garden
We don't complain or nothing
Did you hear that sound? Mayday
Gonna chop it down
Forward despite this feeling
Forward despite this feeling

[Chorus]
Everyone acts crazy nowadays
Everyone acts crazy now
But we are taking all kinds of shit
Taking all kinds of shit
Everyone acts crazy nowadays
Everyone acts crazy now
But we are taking all kinds of shit
Taking all kinds of shit

[Verse 2]
I'm caught, beyond the feeling I won't live far beyond this
I'm caught, beyond the feeling I won't live far beyond these years
We're growing in a vicious garden
We don't complain or nothing
Did you hear that sound? Mayday
Gonna chop it down
Forward despite this feeling
Forward despite this feeling

[Chorus]
Everyone acts crazy nowadays
Everyone acts crazy now
But we are taking all kinds of shit
Taking all kinds of shit
Everyone acts crazy nowadays
Everyone acts crazy now
But we are taking all kinds of shit
Taking all kinds of shit

[Chorus: Khalid]
Send me your location, let's
Focus on communicating
'Cause I just need the time and place to come through (place to come through)
Send me your location
Let's ride the vibrations
I don't need nothing else but you

[Verse 1: Khalid]
At times I wonder why I fool with you
But this is new to me, this is new to you
Initially, I didn't wanna fall for you
Gather my attention it was all for you, so don't
Take advantage, don't leave my heart damaged
To understand that things go a little bit better when you plan it... oh
So, won't you

[Chorus: Khalid]
Send me your location, let's
Focus on communicating
'Cause I just need the time and place to come through (place to come through)
Send me your location
Let's ride the vibrations
I don't need nothing else but you

[Verse 2: Jorja Smith]
Send me wherever you were writin'
Send to me whatever you've been thinkin' 'bout
Won't be surprised if I'm feelin' the same way that you do
I'm a stranger to this all
Not a stranger to the fall
I just wish you wouldn't mind to call me back, no

[Chorus: Jorja Smith & Khalid]
Send me your location, let's
Focus on communication
'Cause I just need the time and place to come through, no
Send me your location
Let's ride the vibrations
I don't need nothing else but you

[Verse 3: Wretch 32]
Should I throw in the towel or throw you vowels?
I've been, constantly tryin' to track you down
Smiley, I'm skin and teeth 'cause your skinnin' out
Give me neck, your neck'll spin like an owl, I'll spin you 'round
I.e., I felt your presence upon your entrance
They need attention, you need affection
My only sentence, I'll leave you breathless
If you're guilty that's a life full of diamonds without the pressures
And raccoon, you're in my circle, that's eternal, we're in the loop
Your ex is cussin', he's supposed to, that's an excuse
That's what they do... I follow through

[Chorus: Wretch 32]
So send me your location
'Cause I want your vibrations and frequencies
Only trees and seeds

[Outro: Khalid]
I don't need nothing else but you
Nothing else but you
Do, do, do, do, do, do
Oh, oh, mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, mmm, mmm, mmm
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do
I don't need nothing else but you

[Verse 1]
Life's a bitch, go and nigga think about it
Never adds up, everytime I think about it
Shawty acts up, everytime we speak about it
Can't you see girl, I'm trying to be somebody
Never do understand what nigga's on about
Take a chance, pick the stairs and get it sorted out
Never do understand what nigga's on about
Take a chance, pick the stairs and get it sorted out
Yeah, never wanted to let the devil in
But his words he spits, so evident
I don't need no luck, fuck the President
The nigga's suck, they need better head
Like really Jesus boy, got Maurice's man
Fuck your feelings, instead they going to reefers
When the sun goes down, seeing next to creatures
Finding demons on my soul, got a couple stitches

[Hook}
Right hand on my chest, I'm going through my plans
Succes, nothing less, I can't sit on a fence
Right hand on my chest, I'm going through my plans
Succes, nothing less, I can't sit on a fence
Damn, I need some answers, in a world of thug 

[?]
In my world the cloud below, which fuck 'em all they can't extinct us
Damn, I need some answers, in a world of thug 

[?]
In my world the cloud below, which fuck 'em all, fuck 'em all

[Verse 2]
Right hand on my chest, I solemnly swear
Reading 'bout the hustle for the future with fiere
The gravity of my offence, talking with god

[?]
Help Ceasar a Roman, treat you connected

[?] ever said that I was one of the best
Humble by my hustle, make it by the double
I know that they don't show us in my life has been a struggle
Man I'm tired of the troubles in my life (life)
Looking for some peace and advice (advice)
Look at the weather even if you on the dry (dry)
It's no saying, if I don't understand Mama sorry, but be proud of your son (proud of your son)
Be proud of your son, never hit a child, cause they left you in the broke
Black man reading a book, it's who I am
Oh lord please make me a better man

[Hook}
Right hand on my chest, I'm going through my plans
Succes, nothing less, I can't sit on a fence
Right hand on my chest, I'm going through my plans
Succes, nothing less, I can't sit on a fence
Damn, I need some answers, in a world of thug 

[?]
In my world the cloud below, which fuck 'em all they can't extinct us
Damn, I need some answers, in a world of thug 

[?]
In my world the cloud below, which fuck 'em all, fuck 'em all

[Bridge]
I was on that, in the moment
I'm a grown man, never own man

[Chorus]
Habits are easy to make
Habits are hard to break
Take care of them as you're having some good ones
Which you would not wish to break

[Verse 1]
(Don't kill)
Oh no don't kill at all
(Don't steal)
Don't steal at all
(Don't covet)
Don't covet your neighbours goods
These habits really hard to break

[Verse 2]
Oh no, stop if you are wrong
Keep all doubt upon your tongue
Help the weak if you are strong
They will help you as you go along

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 3]
Oh no, stop if you are wrong
Keep all doubt upon your tongue
Help the weak if you are strong
They will help you as you go along

[Chorus]
Habits are easy to make
Habits are hard to break
Take care of them as you're having some good ones
Which you would not wish to break

[Intro]
Shake it on more time, she say
"Go, Jimmy, go
Go, Jimmy, go"
I talked her off the floor when she said, "Go, Jimmy, go."

[Verse 1]
I told when it comes to ska
I'm the best ska dancer in the land
But, she looked at me with a twinkle in her eyes
And, I think she held m-m-my, my little hand
And, she says

[Chorus]
"Go, Jimmy, go
Go, Jimmy, go"
I brought her off the floor when she said
"Go, Jimmy, go."

[Verse 2]
I told when it comes to ska
I'm the best ska dancer in the land
But, she looked at me with a twinkle in her eyes
And, I think she held m-m-my, my little hand
And, she says

[Chorus]
"Go, Jimmy, go
Go, Jimmy, go"
I brought her off the floor when she said
"Go, Jimmy, go."

[Outro]
Go Jimmy
"Go, Jimmy, go"
Jimmy's gone
"Go, Jimmy, go"
I brought her off the floor when she said
"Go, Jimmy, go."

[Verse 1]
Last week over the drugstore
A magazine caught my eye
Reading there a little story
I had to bend down and cry

[Chorus]
'Cause that true confession
Written by I don't know who
Was the story of my love affair with you

[Verse 2]
Let me tell you
She was a one-man woman, one-man woman
He was the prince of heels
He made shambles out of her heart
I know just how she feels

[Chorus]
Yeah, that true confession
Pitiful, sad and blue
Was the story of my love affair with you

[Instrumental Break]

[Bridge]
And that's my true confession
Pitiful, sad and blue
And that's my true confession, yes
Written by I don't know who

[Verse 3]
I say, she was a one-man woman
He was the prince of heels
He made shambles out of her heart
I know just how she feels

[Chorus]
Yeah, that true confession
Pitiful, sad and blue
Was the story of my love affair with you

[Chorus]
You really have a passion for turning me down
You really have a passion for turning me down
You really have a passion for turning me down
He's just a playboy
He's just a playboy
He's just a playboy
Playboy

[Verse]
Do you love me? (Do you really love me?)
Do you love, love-a-love love me? (Do you really love me?)
Do you love me? (Do you really love me?)
Do you love me? (Do you really love me?)

[Instrumental Break]

[Chorus]
You really have a passion for turning me down
You really have a passion for turning me down
You really have a passion for turning me down
He's just a playboy
He's just a playboy
He's just a playboy
Playboy

[Outro]
Do you love me? (Do you really love me?)
Do you love, love-a-love love me, baby? (Do you really love me?)
Do you need me? (Do you really love me?)
Do you want me? (Do you really love me?)
Do you love me? (Do you really love me?)
Do you love, love-a-love love me, baby? (Do you really love me?)
Do you need me, baby? (Do you really love me?)
Is that alright, now (Do you really love me?)

[Verse 1]
This loud lover can understand
Don't bray like a donkey if you're really a man
You don't fool a soul when you wear sharp studs
Your mouth is dirty and you cuss a bad word

[Chorus]
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Hooligans, hooligans this is the time
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Oh, mother been weeping
Father been preaching

[Verse 2]
We were no more strangers (Yes I pray)
We were more than friends (Battles came down)
Yet the battles were splintered all over the place

[Chorus]
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Hooligans, hooligans this is the time
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Oh, father been preaching
Oh, mother been moving

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 3]
Always come up and always rude
Breaking things and smashing rules
Man what do you think you are
A little beast for sure, let me tell you

[Outro]
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Hooligans, hooligans this is the time
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Can't a woman's tender care (Return you now)
Cease towards  the child she beared
We were no more strangers (Yes I pray)
We were more than friends (Battles came down)
Yet the battles were splintered all over the place
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Hooligans, hooligans this is the time
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Hooligans, hooligans this is the time
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind
Hooligans, hooligans make up your mind

[Intro]
Why, why, why, why
Shoobe-doobe-do-by dey
Shoobe-doobe-do-by dey
Shoobe-doobe-do-by dey
Shoobe-doobe-do-by dey

[Verse 1]
Walk the proud land, my friends (with me)
Walk the proud land, my friends (with me)
Walk the proud land, my friends (with me)
Walk the proud land, my friends (with me)
Me want you come wheel and turn me
Me want you come wheel and turn me
Me want you come wheel and turn me
Fi go lick a mi head 'pon you tambourine

[Chorus]
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'
Wanti wanti cyan get it, an' getti getti no want it
Wanti wanti cyan get it, an' getti getti no want it

[Verse 2]
Gimme little soul, oh Lord
Gimme little soul, oh Lord
Gimme little soul, oh Lord
Gimme little soul, oh Lord
Gimme little soul, oh Lord

[Pre-Chorus]
Rude boy rob, rude boy scrob
Rude boy rob, rude boy scrob

[Chorus]
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'
I've got to keep on movin'

[Post-Chorus]
Ska quadrille, ska quadrille
Ska quadrille, ska quadrille

[Bridge]
Why, why, why, why

[Chorus]
Wanti wanti cyan get it, an' getti getti no want it
Wanti wanti cyan get it, an' getti getti no want it

[Outro]
Gimme little soul, oh Lord
Gimme little soul, oh Lord
Gimme little soul, oh Lord
Gimme little soul, oh Lord

[Verse 1]
Every man think his burden is the heaviest
But, ooh, yeah, come on, they know because they feel

[Chorus]
Who feels it, knows it Lord (Who feels it, knows it Lord)
Who feels it, knows it Lord (Who feels it, knows it Lord)
Who feels it, knows it Lord (Who feels it, knows it Lord)

[Verse 2]
Don't sit by your window, gazing at the streets
Get up and move, get right on your feet
Just get up and move brothers (Brothers)
Get right in the groove sisters (Sisters)
Just get up and move Brothers (Brothers)
Get right in the groove sisters (Sisters)

[Verse 3]
You linger, you linger
Die, must die (Die must die)
So, don't point your fingers and
You'll get by (You'll get by)
No, no, no, don't lie
No, don't lie (Don't lie)
Don't cry

[Verse 4]
Every man think his burden is the heaviest
But, ooh, yeah, come on, they know because they feel

[Chorus]
Who feels it, knows it Lord (Who feels it, knows it Lord)
Who feels it, knows it Lord (Who feels it, knows it Lord)
Who feels it, knows it Lord (Who feels it, knows it Lord)

[Outro]
I said: "I feel it, and I know it" (I feel it, and I know it)
I said: "I feel it, and I know it" (I feel it, and I know it)
Said: "I feel it, and I know it" (I feel it, and I know it)
I said: "I feel it, and I know it" (I feel it, and I know it)
If you feel it, then you know it (If you feel it, and you know it)
If you feel it, then you know it (If you feel it, and you know it)

[Intro]
You said you loved me
Then you left (then you left)
Broke every promise
In every way
Why did you have to leave me
Now you're blue

[Verse 1]
Listen to me darling
You cheat and you lie
Now you come a running (running, running)
Want a second try (want a second try)

[Chorus]
You'll never miss your water
Till your well runs dry
What you gonna do when your well runs dry
What you gonna do when your well runs dry
What you gonna do when your well runs dry (I wanna know)
What you gonna do when your well runs dry

[Post-Chorus]
You'll never miss your water
Till your well runs dry

[Bridge]
You said you loved me
Then you left (then you left)
Broke every promise
In every way
Why did you have to leave me
Now you're blue
Listen to me darling
You cheat and you lie (lie)
Now you come a running (running, running)
Want a second try (want a second try)

[Chorus]
You'll never miss your water
Till your well runs dry
What you gonna do when your well runs dry
What you gonna do when your well runs dry
Nobody told you was to roam the streets
But that's what happens when you lie and cheat
You have no nights and you have no morning
'Cause time like a scorpion, stings without warning

Oh
How does it feel
To be on your own?
To be on your own
Oh, with no direction home?
With no direction home
Like a complete unknown?
Like a complete unknown
And I mean, like a rolling stone?
Like a rolling stone
Yeah, like a rolling stone
Like a rolling stone
Oh yeah, yeah

Nobody told you was to roam the street
But that's what happens when you lie and cheat
And you, you have no nights and you have no morning
And, time like a scorpion, stings without warning
Oh oh oh yeah
How does it feel
Oh, to be on your own?
To be on your own
With no direction home?
With no direction home
Like a complete unknown?
Like a complete unknown
Like a rolling stone?
Like a rolling stone
Gathers no moss like a rolling stone
Like a rolling stone
Gathers no moss, uh yeah
Like a rolling stone
Gathers no moss, oh yeah
Like a rolling stone
Oh, how does it feel?
How does it feel
Oh, to be on your own?
To be on your own
Oh yeah, with no direction home?
With no direction home
Yeah, like a complete unknown?
Like a complete unknown
And I mean, like a rolling stone
Like a rolling stone
Oh, like a rolling stone
Like a rolling stone
Gathers no moss, uh yeah
Like a rolling stone

[Verse 1]
Your butt is mine, I'm gonna tell you right
Just show your face in broad daylight
I'm telling you on how I feel
Gonna hurt your mind, don't shoot to kill
I'm giving you on count of three
To show your stuff or let it be
'Cause I'm telling you just watch your mouth
I know your game what you're about

[Pre-Chorus]
Well they say the sky's the limit
And to me that's really true
But my friend you have seen nothing
So just wait till I get through

[Chorus]
Because I'm bad, I'm bad, c'mon
You know I'm big, I'm bad, you know
You know I'm big, I'm bad, I'm really really bad
And the whole world's got has to answer right now
Just to tell you once again
Who's bad?

[Verse 2]
The word is out, you're doing wrong
Gonna lock you up before too long
Your lying eyes gonna tell you right
So listen up, don't make a fight
Your talk is cheap, you're not a man
You're throwing stones to hide your hands

[Pre-Chorus]
Well they say the sky's the limit
And to me that's really true
But my friend you have seen nothing
So just wait till I get through

[Chorus]
Because I'm big, I'm bad, c'mon
You know I'm big, I'm bad, you know
You know I'm big, I'm bad, I'm really really bad
And the whole world's got to answer right now
Just to tell you once again
Who's bad?

[Chorus]
Yeah, I like pretty girls
Pretty girls just like me
All of them 'round the world
Living in ecstasy
'Cause pretty girls da-don't, don't cry (Yeah)

[Verse 1]
Said I like pretty girls and
Pretty girls just like me
Uh-huh, and pretty girls get front row
And pretty girls get my t-shirt
Feeling like a Barbie girl
I just need a light pink beamer
Turn heads with the legs on shimmer
Gimme penny, daddy's slimmer waist on simmer
Pretty big boys give a pretty big dinner
Kick it with the wettest, I'm a pretty good swimmer
All that pretty pussy, that's a pretty big litter
He wanna get down to my pretty little get up, get up
And this pretty girl who god damn fly, alright

[Chorus]
(Yeah) I like pretty girls
Pretty girls just like me
All of them 'round the world
Living in ecstasy
'Cause pretty girls da-don't, don't cry (Yeah)

[Verse 2]
Pretty girl get your life-ife
Without them I would die-ie
They don't complain or cry (Cry)
Apple bottom of his eye
Diggy dem, diggy dem thighs
Bitch I ain't Minnie, no Mickey's, no mice
She don't do hickeys, throw fitties, no fights
Grab that kitty, no henny, just wine

[Chorus]
All my fellas, they be actin' jealous
They don't understand me, prolly cause I'm fancy, ooh, ooh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
You would think I'm royal, baby look so spoiled
Mommy brush this dirt off, like I own this soil
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh

[Verse]
Yuh, prolly how I come across
Honey if you pay, I talk (I talk)
Prolly love the way I floss (I)
Make you feel a type of way
Fuck 'bout what you say though
Never miss a meal like Ross
'Bout to flip a mil like Ross, ayy
They don't know me 'hind closed doors, ayy
You could never find me lost, and I bet you the boss
But baby I'm bosser
Used to be daughter, they call me mother now
Treatin' me like no other
Swag underwater, bread in the butter now
Wallet, wallet in pocket, pocket
Give five to the valet and she park it, park it
No games but I'm ballin', call it crocket, crocket
I'm a target but I never shop at Target, got it?

[Chorus]
All my fellas, they be actin' jealous
They don't understand me, prolly cause I'm fancy, ooh, ooh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
You would think I'm royal, baby look so spoiled
Mommy brush this dirt off, like I own this soil
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh

[Bridge]
It get lonely at the top, I'ma stack my guap
I'ma make 'em dance, chain all on my neck
Drank all on my dress, four hunnid a pop
Lonely at the top, I'ma stack my guap
I'ma make 'em dance, chain all on my neck
Drank all on my dress, four hunnid a pop

[Chorus]
All my fellas, they be actin' jealous
They don't understand me, prolly cause I'm fancy, ooh, ooh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
You would think I'm royal, baby look so spoiled
Mommy brush this dirt off, like I own this soil
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh
Prolly cause I'm fancy, uh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-ohh

[Intro:]
Yeah, doc
It's your homeboy Teddy
AKA Take a Drank Em Under The Table and the table is so low
I done made up some brand new dranks, man
I ain't a genius but I just made some genius shit
U tryna get fucked up fast?
Come with me, homie

See see see see see
I made this for all my alcoholics
Put your cup in the air
I want you to do what you do
Go have fun, who gives a fuck what you wear
Shawty just sit back and relax
Sip on this new drink that I made
(Take a sip of this, yup take a sip)
Just take a shot before you walk up in the party
Guaranteed to get laid

[Chorus:]
'Cause she'll be hangin, swangin, dranking two kinds of Patron
I done mixed up silver and gold
I done mixed up silver and gold
I'm trying to get drunk up in this party
Somebody gon' have to carry me home
I done mixed up silver and gold
We done mixed up silver and gold

[Verse 2:]
Got me leaning (got me leaning)
Drinking and driving (drinkin and driving)
Shawty been fiending (shawty been fiending)
She say she want me inside her, but that's a no-no, no-no
No, I can't do that (why?)
'Cause shawty, I'm taken (Shawty, I'm taken)
Just take a sip of this drank that and we'll be
Hanging, swanging, hanging, swanging

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
I Probably shouldn't do this (probably shouldn't do this)
It's bad for my body
But i gotta take just one more shot (one more shot)
'Cause every time I do this
I'm the life of the party
And i gotta show everyone what I got
Hanging, hanging, hanging...

[Chorus]

[Laughing]

[Intro]
Remember me for bein' laughed at
The kid with no cash when he asked where the cash at
People hustle all they life for diamonds and gold
And lose it all in one night by sellin' they soul
As the memories come and the memories go
People die every day but the memories don't
This my motherfuckin' album

[Part 1: Old Friends]

[Verse]
Old friends become strangers
New friends become dangerous
Never does it ever let me down
'Til you have real friends
'Til you have real friends
I got my drank poured
I got these Js rolled up
No need to change clothes
I'll be fine in what I got on
Keep meetin' new hoes
And fuckin' the same ho once
I tried to move on
And end up right back inside this position

[Part 2: New Foes]

[Verse]
I got a million ties
Suit talk like Tom Ford when I top back in the five
So alive I could die right now, come back still alive
You was fake with the handshake, now you come back stealing fives
Only One Umbrella mob
Left her by her grandmama crib and then I went back to the ways
Went back to the field, had to hit it, step back for the plays
Step back with a 10 pack, made 10 rack for the day
Impact, don't play
Been strapped since pin strap now I sit back on the Wraith
Damn, look how shit changed
Couldn't see it back then, now you say you seein' what I been saying
Chick from the Himalayas, na-na-na-na-na
When I walk up in the buildin', all you hear is
"Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy!"
Didn't love me at the bottom
But they wanna love a nigga at the top though
Innocent, since Pac, now I got the bald head with the Pac flow
Neck lookin' like Pablo with the ki's stuffed in the Tahoe
Been licked since I blow out in Oslo with my eyes low
Said I got a million ties
You got a million ways to get it, well, I got a milly and five
I really will donate a mill to my city, it's gettin' too real to survive
Only the trillest survive
You don't wanna get caught up in this situation when all of my niggas arrive
I'm back in the biddy, countin' 100, 20, 50, like this Kinder Surprise
I open this shit up but see a surprise, when really it ain't a surprise
This shit just come to me naturally
Women in love with me naturally
She told you that she never fucked me
But she was just fuckin' me actually
Top down, top down
I'm hot now, hot now
Lot of rap and R&B niggas popped off my sound
Then I hit 'em with the southpaw, switch and they all dropped down
Cropped out, cropped out
They got me over the blog, me and Dream dollar bill
Rumors that we dated, gotta be faker than a three dollar bill
I might just walk in this Starlets, just to show you that the star lit
Add a bad bitch, market
Martin tell, kept ten shots next time that I get the ball lit
Wardrobe, crib callin', new shit that I'm on, it's
Yeah, tell 'em boys that the squad lit
All 100s, all green-blue, you swear I'm playin' for the Hornets
But I'm playin' for the T City and the Umbrella team with me
I got a million ties, pretty Brazilian wives
Come to my city and see how the shooters is takin' civilian lives
I been out there in the field with 'em, so who am I to pick a side?
Just 'cause I got legitimized, to hypocrite and criticize

[Chorus]
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, nah

[Verse 1]
Clean up, look good, shit I did for you, I do that for me
I would try to do good by you, you would do bad for me
Wear my heart on a sleeve, would you do that for me?
You wouldn't do that for me, you wouldn't do that so when I

[Chorus]
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, nah

[Verse 2]
Go out, turn up, I do that for me
Say less, spend money, I do that for me
You know all this shit I do for you, I did for me
With all this shit I do and you still ain't did shit for me
So when I

[Chorus]
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, nah

[Bridge 1]
Never thought 'bout me
Only did for you
Now it's all 'bout me
Ain't got shit for you

[Chorus]
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, nah
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, never thought 'bout me
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, never thought 'bout me

[Bridge 2]
I hate to say I feel this way about you
Situations, you can't stay up out 'em
I guess there's nothing left to say about it

[Chorus]
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, never thought 'bout me
Roll up, drink it, I do that for me
Pour up, get lit, I do that for me
Thinkin' how you only did for you
Never thought 'bout me, never thought 'bout me
Part 1

[Intro]
Hey, you're watching One Umbrella TV
Lil fuckers, fuckers tryna fuck with me earlier
Pull up, pull up
Oh fuck
Yo come here cuzzy, wah gwaan?
Fuck

[Verse]
Look, first off he was tellin' pussy niggas, story up
I was trappin' out in Brampton, whole high school year, courted up
Man, H-Town in the Bando's all boarded up, still know it's us
Had a Benz coupe at 17, now it's Rolls Royce when I'm rollin' up
I hit the beach for a brief day, South Beach on a leaf case
Cash all in it and a nigga bring that shit to each state
Talkin' Miami to the peach state, ah
Diddy to them bitches, sent them out for the cheesecake, ah
In a mission when I sent them niggas on a death wish for a piece day
Got a Rollie, Audemars Piguet, nigga, pete sakes
Now it's Richard Milles on the wrist, that's 'round half-a-mill for a clean face, ah
Brick walls in a log house 'cause they put a nigga in a dog house
Some soul with it, I be still in it, if I logged out, man
Last night brought twin bitches to the twin tellies off of twin celly
Had him lookin' like straight Meek Nelly in the strip deli
I still feel I seen it all, so shit niggas tell me ain't shit to tell me
I be in it for a long time, niggas still pass, homie, ain't shit could feel me, ah
Uh, Pablo, my chick Tata, nice breasts with the high thighs
Like KFC, only thing missin' was the hot fries
And the cold Coke, mink warm but it's the cold coat
Brown skin on a black woman, only time I'm fuckin' with the cocos
Lil mama get stupider, say she want all of me, that's a kowal to me, what I'ma do with her?
My baby ma's so fuckin' lit, man, I wish there was two of her
I just put it in a new BMW 'cause the Lamborghini that I just copped not for the two of us
Don't get it twisted, if she come on tour then I gotta cop lil' ma a tour bus
Back and forth on the road so much, I don't get to go home much
Ah, ah, lot of shit glowed up, wrist lit, shit froze up
And we just gettin' to the, ah
Part 2

[Intro]
So incredible, baby
This that type shit you just, you drop the wig on the donk
Look in the skies, say, "God's great"
Uh

[Verse]
Fell asleep in first class and woke in Dubai
Club whites, sparklers, lookin' like Fourth of July
Instagram story clickin', tryna save the moment
Sexy woman sell the pussy but we ain't condone it
I woke up in the hospital at 2PM
Abu Dhabi club party, try do me in
Paramedic talkin', tell me in the ambulance
I could barely hear this nigga, just the ambiance
Plain face Richard Mille on my wrist
Last year I didn't even know that shit exists
Ed Sheeran, put me on every watch, then I roll around
4 years ago, we were talkin' Pateks, it's over now
Shout out my nigga Ed, deserve the greatest due
Look at the Rollie like I'm in love with the shape of you
Brown face Presidential, Obama
Top floor of the Trump, like I got no honour
I never said it though I kinda said it
I'm cruisin' through New York in a 911
Used to fuck Julie 'round 9:11
Fly nigga in the buildin' like 9/11
35 up at Gucci, nigga, Charlamagne say you stupid, nigga
Say I look a L, I never miss a win, big bank, next day, did that shit again
Uh, screamin', "God's great", made another mill, sayin', "God's grace"
The dawn lookin' like a drop Wraith
Copped the car cash, nigga, for the cop face
Uh, legit, baby, we always wanted to be it, baby
Shit, well this is it, baby, uh, Fargo, this is it, baby
Part 1: B.B.W.W

[Verse]
Yeah, bought a new white Wraith, last night, nearly crashed it
Spinnin' out on a highway, 720 in a Aspin
Bad bitch in the passeng', seen her whole life flashin'
Ray whippin' a McLaren right behind me, nigga, spun right past him
Thank God I'm alive
Thank God but I probably gotta spend a bank job on a ride
Back bumper, white Wraith, cost 19k, uh
But that ain't nothin' in my safe, uh
All you rappers ain't safe, uh, let me say it with the bass, uh
All you rappers ain't safe, uh, all you singers ain't safe, uh
First single had me in the crib puttin' platinum plaques into place
Dropped Luv, went top Pop, Club,  everything just grace
Grammy-nominated on the first album, motherfuckers see the face
Look at me
I know these niggas is trippin', these niggas is shook of me
Bust down, bust down, bust down, Raphael, what you did to me?
I need the money at last, I need the money advance
Tell me the money is near, I ain't comin' out the van
Key close, gotta keep hoes by the G code, got three hoes in a G4
Got A, B, C, D, F, G, X, Y and Z hoes
I'm still ballin' like D. Rose, I'm still poppin' on Vevos
I'm still lookin' like, wait, still sippin' on tea soles
My dick giant like Fifo, if you need know
Money singin' in a C-Note like Do-Re-Mi-Fa-So-La-Ti-Do
Did it for my niggas back home
In a fiend house, sellin' crack on a trap phone in a crack home
Winter time gettin' cold, had to go to Bramalea
Steal a jacket up out of Jack Jones
Rogers had me gettin' mad at the phone bill, switchin' to the black phone, yeah
I had to switch to a Telus, ain't really shit you could tell us
All of y'all niggas is jealous, ah
Runnin' through the check, money upset, all of these niggas is mad at me
Ten chains, buy ten rings on a nigga, lookin' like the swag daddy
I can't keep a girlfriend, too busy tryna make the bag happy
Cali girly throw it back at me in a back ally and a cat daddy, yeah
I say bust down, bust down, I throw dick at your bitch
She gon' touchdown, touchdown, bitch, I'm up now, what now?
Fuck 'bout what you talkin' 'bout, that shit sound like us now
My shit sound like what now?
Part 2: Fake Show

[Verse]
Prayin' that my exes don't ever get famous
Or flex on me with a rapper or an entertainer
Life in this business come with these different dangers
You rather lie to me, tell me you still an angel
How you still an angel?
You be lyin', you just fuck some niggas on me and claim you see it from different angles
I see the danger
I find it crazy, shit, I know you as a good girl
Tipper flow, tripper turned stripper
Last night, call, I had sex off liquor
Trash bag full of every dollar at the bar
That you kneelin' down to pick up for these niggas throwin' it up
You hate it when niggas gettin' dirty with they ones though
They the reason why you 'bout to get them Louboutins though
They the reason why you 'bout to get your rent paid
Tell them hoes throwin' shade, they should wear their best shades
She gon' make a thousand on a bad day
10 hour shift and she don't ever take a half-day
Told me dancin' was her pathway
And  did it to the fullest 'cause she hate to leave it halfway
Hol' up, bust it, I can't, trust it
Fuckin' with you got me goin' way up out the budget
Pour a shot up, this is for the last night
Last night, before I lost you to the fast life

[Outro]
Good girl gone bad, you gon' do your thing
Anything to get the bag, gon' do your thing
If she ever do it, she gon' do it for the bag (ooh)
If she ever do it, she gon' do it for the, do it for the
(Skinny girl in my donk)
Good girl gone bad, you gon' do your thing
(She don't dance but she dance)
Puttin' on a fake show, you gon' do your thing
(She lookin' for the bag)
If she ever do it, she gon' do it for the bag
(She don't dance but she dance)
If she ever do it, she gon' do it for the—

[Chorus: Tory Lanez & Paloma Ford]
Connection, yeah, good sexin', yeah
Finessing your body, good love and good sex for you, shawty
I want you to let it be known that, I'm the only nigga on that
I want you to let it be known
We got that connection, yeah, good sexin', yeah
Finessin' your body, good love and good sex for you, shawty
We got that connection, yeah, good sexin', yeah
You want to teach me a lesson, got my body confessin'
I want you to let it be known that, I'm the only nigga on that
I want you to let it be known
We got that connection, yeah, good sexin', yeah
Finessin' your body, good love and good sex for you, shawty

[Verse 1: Fabolous & Tory Lanez]
Bitch, don't kill my vibe, please go somewhere else
See I'm just a vibe you won't find nowhere else
When you got the total package, why get someone else?
Let's Kim, Keisha, Pam but I want no one else
I want no one else, but you
Said you gotta believe me, when I say it's true
Ayy, I be the Puffy in your videos, dancin' in the back of you
Then take that out, put it back in you, I'm Craig Mackin' you
Whisper flavor in your ear, you my baby, baby
Know I think big but just have faith if you my lady
Bad boy, bad bitch, still a good connection
Tell me where to take it, girl, you give good direction
Slap you on your ass, girl, that's just hood affection
Fuck your ex with all that coulda, woulda, shoula textin'
Tell him you got a new connect, no stopover, do direct
You come over, you collect, got that check, so you correct
I just wanna do you right now, yeah, and I wanna do you right now

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
I want you to let it be known that, I'm the only nigga on that
I want you to let it be known
We got that connection, yeah, good sexin', yeah
Finessin' your body, good love and good sex for you, shawty

[Verse 2: Davo]
I finesse, the connection with no pressure
We know what we want
5 in the morn', driving along
You in a blind spot, losing control
You are the answer
I been calling you
Wasting time when
Nature's calling your name

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
Connection, yeah, good sexin', yeah
Finessin' your body, good love and good sex for you, shawty
I want you to let it be known that, I'm the only nigga on that
I want you to let it be known, we got that connection, yeah

[Chorus: Mansa]
You the one I slide to the hillside
You gon' keep it tight for the hillside
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, that's the real side, baby, that's the real side
You the one I slide to the hillside, yeah, yeah
You gon' keep it right for the hillside, yeah, yeah
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, that's the real side, baby, that's the real side
You the one I slide to the hillside, yeah, yeah
You gon' keep it right for the hillside, yeah, yeah
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, that's the real side, baby, that's the real side

[Verse 1: Tory Lanez]
You the one that slide to the real side
You can bring the bottles to the hillside
You see me at night 'cause my real side
Henny in my hands just to feel, yeah
So can we get it started for the hillside?
Throw myself a party on the hillside
It's Henny and Patron on the real side
That's the hillside and this shit for you, yeah
Ridin' through the city in the Bando, yeah
I can do the things that he can't do, yeah
Hillside, baby, that's the real side
That's the chill side, baby, that's the hillside, yeah

[Chorus: Mansa]
You the one I slide to the hillside
You gon' keep it tight for the hillside
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, that's the real side, baby, that's the real side
You the one I slide to the hillside, yeah, yeah
You gon' keep it right for the hillside, yeah, yeah
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, that's the real side, baby, that's the real side

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Chill, I heard all that ass is real
Baby, tell me what the deal
Yeah, if it isn't, I don't care
Same thing with your hair
'Cause lot of these niggas be fakin'
Swearin' to God that they cakin'
I walk in this bitch and the party get lit
And her batty go down like a basement
I roll me a joint and I face it
Baby girl lovin' the way that it taste
Mmm-mmm, what did you do with your day?
I put a mill in the bank, wait
Got ice, you can skate, you wet like a lake
Got boats you could drive, got flights you could take
Got some kush in the jar, when you light it, it stank
Baby girl, I'm a boss, I got time, you can stay

[Chorus: Mansa]
You the one I slide to the hillside
You gon' keep it tight for the hillside
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, that's the real side, baby, that's the real side
You the one I slide to the hillside, yeah, yeah
You gon' keep it right for the hillside, yeah, yeah
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, hat's the real side, baby, that's the real side, yeah, yeah
You the one I slide to the hillside, yeah, yeah
You gon' keep it tight for the hillside, yeah, yeah
When it’s late at night see my real side
Baby, that's the real side, baby, that's the real side

[Verse 1]
I hit the late night function
Real late, but it's still poppin'
Young, rich and I still got it
You look like I should holla

[Pre-Chorus]
Who did you come here with?
You look like you's a option
Who did you come here with?
I want you around but I know
You don't need no one
Ooh, I know that you don't need no one
Oh, let me be the one
'Cause I know that you don't need no one
But I don't see no one but you

[Chorus]
Can't keep my eyes off you
And I know you see it
It ain't a lie, it's true
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you
Can't keep my eyes off you
Can you keep a secret?
It ain't a lie, it's true
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you

[Verse 2]
I pull up to the function
See you and I'm still waitin'
It's time I walk up on you
Hey, hello, what's your name?

[Pre-Chorus]
And who did you come here with?
You look like you's a option
Who did you come here with?
I want you around but I know
You don't need no one
Ooh, I know that you don't need no one
Oh, let me be the one
'Cause I know that you don't need no one
But I don't see no one but you

[Chorus]
Can't keep my eyes off you
And I know you see it
It ain't a lie, it's true
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you
Can't keep my eyes off you
Can you keep a secret?
It ain't a lie, it's true
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you (Ohh)
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you

[Bridge]
Can't keep my eyes off you
Can't keep my eyes off you
It's true, it's true
And it's true, yeah
You know why it's true

[Outro]
Can't keep my eyes off you
It ain't a lie, it's true
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you
Can't keep my eyes off you
It ain't a lie, it's true
'Cause I'm hypnotized by you
Part 1: Happiness

[Chorus]
Hard times, had to grind too
I see happiness when I find you
I see happiness when I find you
Now you're here in the clouds, looking for the sky too
Hard times, had to grind too
I find happiness when I find you
I find happiness when I find
Hard times, I

[Bridge 1]
Can you stay? Will you tell me 'bout it?
Tell me all about it
Bae, tell me 'bout it
Tell me 'bout it

[Interlude]
It, it was like clear as day, I remember it was like, oh, remember I was at school. And I just, uh, just waitin' for my ride, you know. It never came, so I end up walkin' home. Remember it was just pourin' rain the whole time I was walkin', you know. Somethin' 'bout the sentiment in the air, I just felt it was a bad day, you know. So I get to the house, you know. All of a sudden, I see my sister, she just, she just crying, just bawlin', in tears, you know. She just runs past me, so I asked her, "Yo, what's wrong?" She just slammed the door, she don't say nothin', you know. So, so my father then, you know, he call me in the kitchen. He sit, he sit me down on the counter and he tell me, uh, "You know, I took your mother into the hospital," you know. He tried talkin' in a stern voice, "I took your mother to the hospital this morning and uh, by this afternoon, the doctor had pronounced her dead," you know. So we sat there, we uh, you know, we cried in the kitchen and outside I watch him tell all my other siblings the news, you know. And I seen this, this, this grey cloud just kinda, just kinda hover over us for a lil bit, you know. So when I'm, when I'm thinkin' 'bout my mother, Luella Peterson, you know, I, I call it, uh, true happiness

[Bridge 2]
All about it
Tell me all about it
All about
I see happiness when I found
Hard times, made us strong

[Chorus]
Hard times, had to grind too
I see happiness when I find you
I see happiness when I find you
Now you're here in the clouds, looking for the sky too
Hard times, had to grind too
I find happiness when I find you
I find happiness when I find
Hard times, I

[Bridge 3]
Hear you say, will you tell me 'bout it?
Tell me all about it
Will you tell me 'bout it?
Tell me 'bout it

Part 2: Tell Me

[Verse]
Tell me how you feel about me
Just tell me how you feel about me
Tell me how you feel about me
Tell me how you feel about me
Just tell me how you feel about me
Tell me how you feel about me
I know with some people round me
They all in they feelings 'bout me
They all in they feelings 'bout me
Can you give me like one more second?
Yeah, yeah, uh
Tell me how you feel about me, tell me, tell me
Yeah, tell me how you feel about me, tell me, tell me
Ay, tell me how you feel about me, tell me, tell me
Yeah, just tell me how you feel about me
Yeah, just tell me that you hate the way I sample shit
Just tell me that you hate the way I handle shit
Yeah, just tell me that you hate the way I hop all on your favorite artist songs and make it sound like all my platinum shit
Tell me how you feel about me, yeah
Tell me how you feel about me
Uh, just tell me how you feel about a nigga knowing everything is real about me
Yeah, tell me, tell me
Tell me that I, bit the style of artists that done been around me
Ain't influence every artist that done been around me
Tell me that I'm sounding like Drake or Weeknd or PARTY or any artists from the city 'round me
Just tell me how you feel about me
Even if that's how you feel about me
You can keep it real about me
Just tell me what you tell me when you tell it to me
And keep it real as fuck whenever you tell it to me
Just tell me how you feel about me
Tell me, tell me, shawty, tell me, tell me
Yeah, and I won't feel no way about it
I won't feel no way about it
Look, tell me that I sound dated, tell me
I ain't your favorite, tell me
Just tell me that I always use the same 808 and
Tell me that I never do, produced a break and tell me
You don't think I got what it takes to be the greatest, tell me
Paved the way, but tell me
How you hate it, uh
Just tell me how I started, tell me how I made it
Tell me why this nigga saying that they made me
Tryna take more credit than my mom and I'm her fucking baby
Just tell me how you hate the way I made my last decisions
Tell me how you hate the way I make these brash decisions
Tell me how I'm never home to sweep or do the dishes
Tell me that I never made the time to do the dinners
Missed the holidays, anniversaries, and Christmas
Tell me that you hate the way I always gotta get it
Tell me that you hate the way I hop up out that Wraith
And act like I'm the shit
Tell me how you feel about me
Uh, tell me how you feel about me
I know niggas moving different round me
Tell me how you feel about me
I know niggas round me prolly holding feelings 'bout me
Tell me how you feel

[Verse]
Look nigga, I've been this way, since them niggas loaded up them shotgun shells and shot my older cousin Nessa all in his face
Fuck niggas talkin', my teachers called me a disgrace
Had to pull up on 'em last weekend in the big Wraith
I sold work on sick days and ripped Js
I spent days tryna duck the ricochets
'Cause we were tryna figure which clique played with the shooter
Nowadays you boys just tryna figure who click play
I made bitches and made niggas, y'all boys just bitch made niggas
I flip it like a swiss, switchblade, nigga
Fuck around with me, come run the town with me
I do it for my dogs and niggas that's down with me
He spent around 50 tryna look like us, tryna flex with some bottoms, but let's address it proper
I mean, I find it funny they give me the same bundle without spendin' money, they just give it to me, 'cause I'm poppin'
More honesty and less lies
Skirted the McLaren off the lot, shit, I bought it as a test drive
I took the jet for the fuckin' 110th time
Hoping that I don't go out like Aaliyah or a Left Eye
Shit, I'm the greatest, I'm the people's favorite
Thanks to God's graces, I been number one in all these peoples' faces
So amazing how I made it from the mazes and the phases change faces, but I'm back to being basic
How many years am I gon' spend being famous?
Actin' like I'm normal, like I don't realize I made it, like I don't realize I'm famous
Like I don't realize every time I walk around the city, they look at me like the greatest
All-time hated nigga, put me in your playlist
Trunk on the front of McLaren's that need a waitlist
So when I back, back, I'm frontin' on fuck niggas, that told me I'll never made it, in my Audemar Piguet wrist
I hop the plane in sweats and the Bathing Ape kicks, 50 pointer bracelets, man's best fragrance
I'm still ballin', these foul niggas is still flagrant
I ain't got no business talkin', just a bill statement
See the lights from a far away
I still feel close on the nights when I'm far away
I comin' home, workin' at nights to a hard day
Tryin' to avoid nights in the hallway sellin' hard ye
Back when you was hip-hoppin' and watchin' Kanye
I was coach hoppin' and sleepin' inside a Hyundai
Made bands out of any floor, at your mom place
Tryna duck the crime rate, where the fuck was my mindstate?
I cry real tears thinkin' bout my mom face
If she was here, I'm thinkin', what would my mom say?
She'd say, I'm well-accomplished, she'd say I really did it
She said don't let her settle for no penny pincher
I, will not lose, no, I refuse niggas
I, 2 plus 2 niggas, I school niggas
She wanna get high, fuck with a cool nigga
48 floors, check out my view nigga
Uh, I already know the outcome
I may have fucked it up with Nicki right before this album
My ex on me like Malcolm, she know we can't be together
But still be askin' me, "How come?" I know the shit crazy
My life upgraded and I ain't going backwards
Closest thing going backwards is me rollin' Backwoods
Lookin' at you niggas like there's no more factors
Until the story over like there's no more chapters
Fargo

[Verse]
Second cycle, the kid is movin' like Billy Idol
With some past due W's that I'm still entitled
City love me I treat it like it's a bridal
Tux black as the strap I'm using to hit the rival
Last album was great but I know this one is greater
I made it this far as a great tastemaker without a spread from Complex and them covers that come in from FADER
I'm at tables with mans you love it
Fuck it, I made it from buckets
Slept in the rugged seats of a Civic
To walking through the city and niggas screaming I did it
I spit this shit from way back for 'em
This for niggas that told me, "I'll come back" but never came back for 'em
Loyal to them so I wait back for 'em like they my niggas
Knowin' they isn't, these niggas so insufficient
When we was both dealing, I used to throw in the pigeon
I guess, that mean nothing when niggas start coexisting
I done lost some good girls and niggas that I would cope with
Been backstabbed by niggas I used to smoke with
As far as rap I'm not the one to toe-to-toe with or go at it blow for blow with the silly shit no for no with
Money on the line, its money all on my mind
Calculating this vision, I sum it up for the grind
I promise when I got it I'd fuck it up for the times
Put 20k on the tab and buss it up every time, you get me?
In a Bentley smokin' on a fat 20, jealous niggas don't offend me, Dior dripped in the Fendi
I do it for the family OGs that never sent me on mission when I was down to put clip in and leave it empty and work
I ain't trippin' 'bout who got at me and dissed
I'm blessed, when I think about who shot at me and missed
I came from real situations
Niggas got clapped for little insinuations, time and impatience
Been grindin', finding my way in so much bros like the Wayans
Sometime it weigh me down whenever they try weigh in
In the day out, in the day in, shooters on say when
Niggas got clapped before the day end
The city I come from, taught me that there's nothing to run from
It taught me get my money in lump sums
So 'til that day, still at war, I'm still at pay
Never change boy, we still that way
It's young Fargo

[Intro: Snoop]
Yuh, ayo big Percy
Pour me a glass of that moet with some orange juice
Hand me my pimp glass
Ayo, lil P
Tell them bitches to come sit right next to me
Yeah, gotta story to tell

[Verse: Snoop]
I learned to G, how to C from L.O.C
And after that mac, mac I bought my first Cadillac
7-duece, 6 seat with the danglin' thangs
Long Beach is the city, 20 crip is the gang
You can hang if you wanna but I don't think you can last
Last week in the beach, the big homie got smashed
Tried to play the young homie, tried to take his cash
Didn't say too much, all I heard was blasts
Ask no questions in this profession
You gotta view the game at your own discretion
It's a cold game, my niggas stop guessing
Do the right thing cause I ain't giving no lessons
Smokin' that stress got ya stressin'
Take that frown of yo' face and stick yo' chest in
Unless ya plan on restin'
Cause I'm the wrong nigga to be pressin' or testin'
I'm a east side nigga and I just don't care
I step up in this bitch, they say "that nigga's a playa"
I might change the game, go and cut my hair
You niggas say I'm back but I ain't went nowhere (he's back)
Hell yeah I'm there
At a crip clux clan meeting, family affair
Standing on stage, bout to do that there
I need to be the governor (yes ya can)
I keep a dark one, a light one, a fat one, a tight one
I'm always lookin' for the right one
Chinese, Japanese, Lebanese on ya knees
Shit you know me, I leave with either one of these
Vietnamese, Philippines, pick a niece, yo' niece
And will we still be homies
If I hit it and get it, quit it
Nah I stay committed, forget it
Cause I know in the end you gon' wanna fight again
So, I'd rather fuck with this all whitey then
Green eyes, blue eyes, yo' eyes
Her eyes bring me the money, I'll just split the pita
You just make it, shake it, I take it
Throw it in the oven, take my time and bake it
It's amazin' how they act when you get naked
I'm so in love with the game and I just can't fake it
Can't take it

[Hook: Snoop]
I just can't take it
I just can't fake it
I just can't take it no more
I need paper and that's no lie
Blaze my dough-dough until I die
I say I just can't take it
I just can't fake it
I just can't take it no more
I need (dough-dough) and that's no lie
I blaze that dough-dough until I die

[Outro: Snoop]
What sweet sounds
Of Meech-a-rooni
Inside the dogg house
For the 2000 plus 2
Can you dig it?
This is some of that A-B-C R-I-P ooh-wee
I mean, you could put a chocolate wrap around that
And put a lighter on the end of it
Cause that's all foggy
Can you dig it?
I smell you Meech-a-rooni
Ugh

[Intro: Snoop]
Uh, huhuh, yeah
Nigga just sittin' up in there trippin' off how the Lakers went back to back on these suckas
Huhuh, for real though
They say the west coast was back all-around
We did it in basketball, we damn sure doing it in music
Check me out

[Verse 1: Snoop]
It's Friday night and I just got paid
Let the top back and hit the highway
Sideways, blazin' bombay
I love it, just like LA
Back to back, Meech and Snoop is like Kobe and Shaq
How you love that?
Roll up some purple young cuz
And put your seat belt on while I swang these dubs
Ball in the club, they know who we was
VIP, DHGC, pop that bottle of moet Percy
And bring that thick redbone to me
She belong to me, opportunity
She wanna C down with this pimpology
Leana, Sabrina, Zeena, and Tina
Pimpin' in this muthafucka, nigga have ya seen her?

[Hook]
As I dip up through the scene
To see what I see
I would approach you for the night
Rack that M-O-E-T
Back in the VIP
While scoping bitches from abroad
Say you all about the green
Why you all up on me?
Trying to snake me from the side
Lost and tossin' your team
Pistol-grippin' fiends
Why you trippin', actin' hard?

[Verse 2: Snoop]
A lotta bit of green with a lotta bit of gold
I'm taking this game to the next episode
I rose just like hoes on the pimp stroll
Give a hoe a xo, she's a nympho
She can say what she want but the bitch know
I run the track mack to mack like
Let's go pimp a bitch from here to 'frisco
This hoe don't act like she don't blow, oh no
You gotsta reign, it's hectic nowadays
Bitch get down and stay down for the get down
Take it to ya pound, spread it all around
Mida, mida this vida vida bitch
It's the twist that's oh so official
I'm tryin' to leave the party with this hoe
Back out with my hand on my pistol
And do the damn thing at the disco
Yeah, I got this little woman at my house, I call her disco
You more than welcome to come through
You and your three friends, for real, for real, for real

[Hook]
As I dip up through the scene
To see what I see
I would approach you for the night
Rack that M-O-E-T
Back in the VIP
While scoping bitches from abroad
Say you all about the green
Why you all up on me?
Trying to snake me from the side
Lost and tossin' your team
Pistol-grippin' fiends
Why you trippin', actin' hard?

[Intro]
Uh, uh

[Pre-Chorus 1]
I can feel the bass, from the ceiling to the basement
I don't feel a thing, get the fuck up out my face, bitch
I don't feel a thing, yeah I'm faded, yeah I'm shaded
I don't feel a thing, I can feel the bass, I can feel the bass

[Chorus]
Distorted, distorted records (I-I can feel the bass)
Distorted, distorted records (I-I can feel the bass)
Distorted records, distorted records (I-I can feel the bass)
Distorted records (What more distorted records do you have?)

[Verse]
First things first, I done heard the worst things
Like if I'm in your top 10, mine's better be the first name
Out your mouth, ain't even worth saying
Little niggas is my offsprings
They deserve a nigga first name, middle name, surname
From another planet, birthplace, Cloud 9, hello earthlings
My newest President an asshole
I guess that's why I'm leaving turd stains
My ex used to chill with bad tings
All they talked about was bird things
Tried to put them on to Bad Brains
But bird hoes got the bird brains
Everything I do groundbreak
Big body make the floor break
Big bass make the world shake
Flacko out here causin' earthquakes, uh

[Pre-Chorus 2]
Uh, I can feel the bass, uh, I can see the fakes
Word to T.D. Jakes, uh, word to Pastor Ma$e and Kirk Franklin
Fuck what niggas think, I'm about the bank
Comma, dollar signs, I'm about my Franklins, I can feel the bass

[Chorus]
Distorted, distorted records (I-I can feel the bass)
Distorted, distorted records (I-I can feel the bass)
Distorted records, distorted records (I-I can feel the bass)
Distorted records

[Intro]
Nah-nah, nah-nah, nah-nah, nah, nah, nah
Nah-nah, nah-nah, nah-nah, nah, nah
Bitches
Nah-nah, nah-nah, nah-nah, nah, nah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, look

[Chorus]
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm brrr, uh, busty
Must be genes, man, I'm lucky
Collard greens, yams, I'm yummy
If I see ya man I'm bussing, bussing, bussing
'Cause I'm brrr, uh busty, busty, busty

[Post-Chorus]
Poppin' off, poppin' off my blouse
Poppin' off my blouse
Jeans just ripped, buttons poppin' off my blouse, uh
Poppin' off my blouse, poppin' off my blouse
Jeans just ripped, buttons poppin' off my blouse (Yeah)

[Verse 1]
The booty said don't trust me
She just got some money
She just got her tummy tuck
Look mom a money flood (Look mommy)
Only thing thats ugly is them hoes who talk funny
I ain't really said nothing, I just show em how it's doney
Mix my whip cream, and caramel, with that syrup and that honey
Yeah that big thing go slam
Said this bitch need no hands
Got him licking on his lips, I'm lookin' like hickory smoke ham
With my thick thighs and no tummy
Shake that maker of that money, huh

[Chorus]
I'm, I'm, I'm brrr, uh, busty
Must be genes, man, I'm lucky
Collard greens, yams, I'm yummy
If I see ya man I'm bussing, bussing, bussing
'Cause I'm brrr, uh, busty, busty, busty

[Verse 2]
Hey, I can't take my dress off 'cause my titties still big, uh
She just wanna scissor
Tongue out like a lizard
I just made that nigga disappear, I'm like a wizard
I just got my hair done, I'm feeling like SZA
I ain't won the lotto, I am just a winner
If she is a snack, then I'm a candle-lit dinner
Think I got him shooken, watch him fidget like a spinner
I been gettin thinner and thinner and thicker

[Chorus]
I'm, I'm, I'm brrr, uh, busty
Must be genes, man, I'm lucky
Collard greens, yams, I'm yummy
If I see ya man I'm bussing, bussing, bussing
'Cause I'm brrr, uh busty, busty, busty

[Post-Chorus]
Poppin' off, poppin' off my blouse
Poppin' off my blouse
Jeans just ripped, buttons poppin' off my blouse, uh
Poppin' off my blouse, poppin' off my blouse
Jeans just ripped, buttons poppin' off my blouse

[Outro]
Poppin', poppin' it's poppin', poppin'
Poppin', poppin' it's poppin', poppin'
Poppin', poppin', poppin', poppin', poppin'
Pop

[Intro]
Sheesh
How I see ya when I count sheep? Uh
How I get you in my wet
Uh, sheesh

[Chorus]
Yeah, sheesh
How I see you when I count sheep?
How I get you in my wet dreams?
It ain't even that deep
You ain't even been in my sheets
Got her giggling in her sleep
Got you in my wet dreams (Sheesh)
How I see you when I count sheep?
How I get you in my wet dreams?
It ain't even that deep
You ain't even been in my sheets
Got her giggling in her sleep
Got you in my wet dreams

[Interlude]
How I see you when I? Yeah
How I get you in my wet dreams? Uh, mmm
In my wet

[Verse]
You gon' make my heart freak out
I just got a little off beat
Talk about it later no now
I ain't even seen you in weeks
Why you gotta stare in my soul?
Feel like it ain't really up to me (Whoa)
Lust is just a goddamn troll, mmm
Why you break-in into my dreams?
Sheesh, uh, really can’t sleep, nah (Nah)
I been having dreams about you fuckin' on me, yuh (Yah, yah, yah)
I been having dreams about you touchin' on me, yuh (Yah, yah)
Every time I wake up in the morning new sheets, yeah (Uh)
Maybe, uh, maybe it’s the pepper in your beard, uh (Yah)
Maybe I responded to the alcohol weird, aye (Uh)
I don’t even know you so it's gotta be the hormones (Hormones)
Lord knows, thought I fell asleep while watching porno
Wait, uh, something in the memory foam (Okay)
Something in the way that I’m sprung (Okay)
Didn’t even know ya so hung (So hung)
Really woke me up with that tongue (Whoa, whoa, hey)

[Chorus]
Sheesh
How I see you when I count sheep?
How I get you in my wet dreams?
It ain't even that deep
You ain't even been in my sheets
Got her giggling in her sleep
Got you in my wet dreams (Sheesh)
How I see you when I count sheep?
How I get you in my wet dreams?
It ain't even that deep
You ain't even been in my sheets
Got her giggling in her sleep
Got you in my wet dreams
Effort involved for morning sunt (?)
Hanging the catch to dry out front
Within the mud, I'm cooling off
Taking a trip out of my own mind and
Now I'm floating up and down
Directly to the center of the clouds

Oooh, swamp fruit
Will do it

Cookie in my bag is what it gave (?)
Heading to town to make a trade
Follow the trail I took before
But I don't think I have ever been this way
Now I'm stopped by talking trees
That tell me I am not where I should be

Oooh, swamp fruit
Will do it

(faint) Da, da, da...

[Instrumental]

[Chorus]
No sleep at all, runnin' a lie
Doing you wrong, proving you right each time
That's a (That's a), that's a double negative, oh
Showing up late, dragging along
Won't pick up the phone while I be gone
Can't deny it
It's a double negative
Oh, double negative

[Verse 1]
Another jet, another day in the sky
Fly in another direction from you
Wish I could FedEx my heart
And show up to your door
Signed, sealed, delivered
But I make you cry, let you down
More than likely from across town
Double shame on me
Double shame, oh

[Chorus]
No sleep at all, runnin' a lie
Doing you wrong, proving you right each time
That's a (That's a), that's a double negative, oh
Showing up late, dragging along
Won't pick up the phone while I be gone
Can't deny it
It's a double negative
Oh, double negative

[Verse 2]
She's like, "He ain't got no boundaries
And he ain't got no patience"
She's like, "He never got nothing planned
So he'll never get anxious"
Look in your mind
Keep wondering if you're too high maintenance
Look in your mind
Keep wondering if I'm just too famous (Uh)
Tryna shake the negative energy
I'm with the karma coming right back on me
In a moment I'm flying
Metaphorically, it seems like Heaven

[Chorus]
No sleep at all, runnin' a lie (Runnin' a lie)
Doing you wrong, proving you right each time (Guess time is up)
That's a (That's a), that's a double negative, oh
Showing up late, dragging along (Dragging along)
Won't pick up the phone while I be gone
Can't deny it (I won't deny it)
It's a double negative (Double negative)

[Outro]
Oh, yeah yeah
Oh, double negative (Double negative)
Never miss the negativity
Oh no, no
Oh, woah, woah-woah
Woah-woah, yeah

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Yeah on the real to be honest witchu
Some of this gangbang, you know that gangbang shit
Hehe aw yeah
Yeah, uh
What y'all know about this?
Some of that gangbang boogie
Some of that bang-bang boogie
Check this out

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
One lil, two lil, three lil G's
Hangin' out bangin' and swangin' they keys
Across the street, peep for the enemies
Nigga got a tec-nine slid up in them trees
Just in case one of they bigger OG's
Take these G's for fleas, nigga freeze
Nigga ain't afraid to squeeze
Nigga me and my boys is off the heezy
Slide through in the 7-duece coupe deville
For real, chop game, while choppin' trees
Smokin' on the 

[?] named sunkist
Nigga can't dump this, nigga gotta bump this
Just get the twist, the shit you can't miss
While you smokin' on the joint wit' a fat bitch
The game gettin' fun and everyone wanna laugh
Everybody wanna be a player wit' no coaching staff
I'm gigglin', scribblin' game on the paper
Like Master P and Tony Draper
I'm independent, that's big money maker
With a coat at the house built for a Laker

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
Trip, I got hoes, clothes, a Rolls with the...
Security in the backseat strapped with heat
Rollin' through the east side of LBC
On a mission for them wannabes and them wanna-G's
Four, or five, or six lil skeez die for them baby, eat deez

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I slid up in the parking lot at Mickey D's
I order me some fries, a shake, wit' triple cheese
Baby at the register, man she couldn't believe
Beggin' for my autograph, tuggin' on my sleeves
Screamin' "D-O-double-G's please don't leave"
Pullin' on my dick and she fell to her knees
I wish I had the time, I'd love to get skeezed
But I gotsta breeze, I'm in the 8 Tray reg-
Fire up the trees with my dogg H-Deez
Finna get the rest, up the D-P'z
Stay, gotta party off in the HGC's
Is hostin' it, west coastin' shit
I got my khakis and my wallabees
Wit' my golf hat tilted to the back, way too G
East side, LBC, wit' these shackles off my feet
I'm free and full of weed

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
I got hoes, clothes, a Rolls with B
I put out my records independently
That way nigga ain't no gankin' me
And uh, that's how we do it in the LBC
It's like seven lil, eight lil, nine lil kids
And they all in tattooed tears
It's like seven lil, eight lil, nine lil kids
And they all in tattooed tears nigga

[Verse 2: Lil C Style]
I'm glad to be a muthafuckin' lil ass G
Cause they don't make lil ass niggas like me
Pimp hoes till they leave and shoot dice wit' teasers
And send money to my G's in the penitentiaries
See it's niggas like that that I need
So when you hear my name in jail you better speaks well
Cause you never know which one of my homies is in the cell
The beach do it swell, so check out how I feel

[Verse 3: Techniec]
You gotta be off the wall to represent this
One in the house, kick the doors off the hinges
Damn serving a life sentence
I know niggas that break out
Control they own chips and serve like cake out (who me?)
Y'all stay duckin' (Doug E.) like Fresh
And p.s.s. while he mugs to dug we true thugs
Don't kick it with busters unless the food out
38 especially for the shootout
Only six shots, gotta roll with it
Hold it, just until I find a stash make the fo'-fo' fit
Tryna stay in the game, ain't tryna forfeit
Y'all suckas out there be on some hoe shit
Like ten, eleven, twelve lil niggas
All from Long Beach and tryin' to make figures
Y'all playa hatin' chumps gon' have to come get us
It's a gang of riders and we keep some heat wit' us

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
We got hoes, clothes, a Rolls with B
And put out our records independently
That way nigga ain't no gankin' me
And uh, still got love for the LBC
It's like one lil, two lil, three LBC's
Rollin' wit' the DPG's
It's like four lil, five lil LBC's
And they rollin' wit' the DPG's nigga

[Outro: Snoop Dogg]
For life, huhuh yeah
My nigga Meech on the beat
Yeah for life
East side, Long Beach in the house y'all
Yes, yes, y'all for life ugh
Dogg House Records for life
Yeah, freak-freak y'all
Yeah, wanna say what up to all the real niggas out there
Yeah, once again Tray Deee
Uh, yeah Tray Deee
Uh, yeah, yeah D-A-Z
Yeah, D-A-Z
Yeah, Nate Dogg
Yeah, Nate Dogg
Yeah, Soopafly, Soopafly
Yeah y'all 

[?] Dogg
Yeah, yeah L Dogg
Yeah, yeah Snoop Dogg
Yeah, yeah Ty Cuz
Yeah, yeah June Dogg
Yeah, yeah Snoop Dogg
Yeah, yeah DP
Yeah, yeah DP
Aw yeah Kurupt
Haha, DPG
It's so many niggas I almost forgot about y'all niggas
Bad Azz too, yeah
Can't forget all my niggas
DPG gettin' bigger than life, worldwide
East side nigga, red ride

[Verse 1]
You were my sun
You were my earth
But you didn't know
All the ways I loved you, no
So you took a chance
Made other plans
But I bet you didn't think
That they would come crashing down, no

[Bridge]
You don't have to say what you did
I already know, I found out from him
Now there's just no chance
With you and me
There'll never be
Don't it make you sad about it?

[Chorus]
You told me you love me
Why did you leave me all alone?
Now you tell me you need me
When you call me on the phone
Girl, I refuse
You must have me confused
With some other guy
The bridges were burned
Now it's your turn, to cry
Cry me a river
Cry me a river
Cry me a river
Cry me a river

[Verse 2]
You know that they say
Some things are better left unsaid
It wasn't like you only talked to him
And you know it
(Don't act like you don't know it)
All of these things people told me
Keep messing with my head
Should've picked honesty
Then you may not have blown it

[Bridge]
You don't have to say what you did
I already know, I found out from him
Now there's just no chance
With you and me
There'll never be
Don't it make you sad about it?

[Chorus]
You told me you love me
Why did you leave me all alone?
Now you tell me you need me
When you call me on the phone
Girl, I refuse
You must have me confused
With some other guy
The bridges were burned
Now it's your turn, to cry
Cry me a river
Cry me a river
Cry me a river
Cry me a river
Oh! The damage is done
So I guess I be leaving
Oh! The damage is done
So I guess I be leaving
Oh! The damage is done
So I guess I be leaving
Oh! The damage is done
So I guess I be leaving

[Bridge]
You don't have to say what you did
I already know, I found out from him
Now there's just no chance
With you and me
There'll never be
Don't it make you sad about it?

[Outro]
Cry me a river…
Won't you come inside, and lay down next to my fire
Can you feel my heartbeat, let me show you my desire
First you have to tell me please, uh huh
Gonna bring you to your knees, uh huh
Gonna make you scream for more
Come inside and lock the door
And let down, let down
Let down your guard

Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)
Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)

This is not a one-night stand
I care for you, please understand
Baby won't you come inside
I'll take you for a little ride

I wanna touch you there, uh huh
Run my fingers through your hair, uh huh
Gonna take you for a ride
But you have to come inside
And let down, let down
Let down your guard
Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)
Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)

Ahh, ah oww
Ahh, ah oww (it's all right)
Ahh, ah oww
Ahh, ah oww (it's all right, it's all right, it's all right)

Won't you come inside, and lay down next to my fire
Can you feel my heartbeat, let me show you my desire
First you have to tell me please, uh huh
Gonna bring you to your knees, uh huh
Gonna make you scream for more
Come inside and lock the door
And let down, let down
Let down your guard

Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)
Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)

Ahh, ah oow, cause I wanna touch you there
Ahh, ah oww, run my fingers through your hair
Ahh, ah oww, gonna take you for a ride
But you have to come inside
And let down
Let down your guard
Ahh (it's all right)
Ahh oww, first you have to tell me please, uh huh

Gonna bring you to your knees (it's all right), uh huh
Gonna make you scream for more
Come inside and lock the door
And let down
Let down your guard (it's all right)

Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)
Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)
Ahh, ah oww, come inside
Ahh, ah oww, baby it's all right (it's all right)

That's all

[Intro: Yo-Landi Visser]
Made by God

[Intro: Ninja]
Black Cats
White Cats
All my Zef Cats
Look out
Big dog in the place to be!

[Pre-Chorus: Ninja & Yo-Landi Visser]
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier

[Chorus: Ninja & Yo-Landi Visser]
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier

[Verse 1: Ninja]
Pussy, for bad boy
No pussy, sad boy
You’re making me crazy
Mal in the skull boy
All work and no play
Make Ninja a dull boy
I’m a animal, love me
I kill you, don’t fuck me
Your pitbull, he’s crazy
Baby don’t hate me
I’d never leave your side, fuck that
I need to freak cause I love that
Berzerk shit and I worship
You

[Pre-Chorus: Ninja]
Yeah, Black Cats
White Cats
All my Zef Cats
Look out
Big dog in the place to be! (Oh)
Big dog in the place to be! (Yo)
Big dog in the place to be!
Big dog make you scream!

[Chorus: Ninja & Yo-Landi Visser]
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier

[Verse 2: Yo-Landi Visser]
B-b-baby, here, boy
Are you crazy? Down boy
Look at your crass face
Why you so serious??
You’re so intense
Maybe why I’m so curious
I’m a lost soul, save me
Emotional, sway me
Touch me, shake me
I’m game, play me
Love me, hate me
Kiss me, date me
Break me, make me
Yours (yours)

[Bridge]
Fuckin with the ultimate
Fuckin with the ultimate
Fuckin with the ultimate
Fuckin with the ultimate
Fuckin with the ultimate
Fuckin with the ultimate
Fuckin with the ultimate
Fuckin with the ultimate
Ultimate, ultimate
Ultimate, ultimate
Ultima-, ultima-, ultima-, ultima-…

[Chorus: Ninja & Yo-Landi Visser]
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
(Fuckin with the ultimate)
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
(Fuckin with the ultimate)
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
(Fuckin with the ultimate)
Pitbull terrier
I am a pitbull terrier
(Fuckin with the ultimate)
{Intro}

A small Jean Genie snuck off to the city
Strung out on lasers and slash back blazers and
Ate all your razors while pulling the waiters
Talking 'bout Monroe and walking on Snow White
New York's a go-go, and everything tastes nice
Poor little Greenie

("Get back one")

The Jean Genie lives on his back
The Jean Genie loves chimney stacks
(The Jean Genie) he's outrageous, he screams and he bawls
The Jean Genie, let yourself go

{Bridge}

Sits like a man, but he smiles like a reptile
She loves him, she loves him, but just for a short while
She'll scratch in the sand, won't let go his hand
He says he's a beautician and sells you nutrition
And keeps all your dead hair for making up underwear
Poor little Greenie
The Jean Genie lives on his back
The Jean Genie loves chimney stacks
(The Jean Genie) he's outrageous, he screams and he bawls
The Jean Genie, let yourself go

{Bridge}

He's so simple minded, he can't drive his module
He bites on the neon and sleeps in the capsule
Loves to be loved
Loves to be loved

{Long bridge}

The Jean Genie lives on his back
The Jean Genie loves chimney stacks
(The Jean Genie) he's outrageous, he screams and he bawls
The Jean Genie, let yourself go

Go, go

The Jean Genie lives on his back
The Jean Genie loves chimney stacks
(The Jean Genie) he's outrageous, he screams and he bawls
The Jean Genie, let yourself go
Go
Go, go

{Outro}

[Intro: Young Thug]
Hey, get it
Yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
All my bitches love me
All of my bitches, they love me
All of my bitches
All of my bitches, they hungry
We got London on the track
All of my niggas, some freaks
Hey

[Pre-Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
Mama, yeah, she my lil' partner (rah)
She shoot at you just like a shotta (rah)
Got finessed 'cause she look like a model (finesse, yeah)
And she got good brain like a scholar (yeet)
And she makin' all the noise (what?)
And she don't got time for lil' boys (hee)
She'd rather go play with a toy
Only blue Benjamins make that hoe moist (damn)

[Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (all of my bitches, they)
All of my bitches, they love me (yeah, they love me)
Drop a five on that bitch (bands)
Drop a ten on that bitch (cash)
Drop a twenty on that bitch (guap)
Fuck it, I'ma make her rich (mula)

[Post-Chorus: Young Thug]
Fuck it, I'ma fuck with shawty (fuck it)
Fuck it, I'ma buy a Yorkie (dawg)
Treat her like she important (treat)
Fuck it up and get a Rollie (whoa)
Park that pussy like a Pecan (huh?)
I won't watch, it was a secret (yeah)
I'ma pay to get her teeth fixed (yeah)
No implants, gotta speak it (yeah)

[Verse 1: Offset]
Ayy, spend a five on that bitch (five)
Spend a dime on that bitch (dime)
Make a wife of that bitch (wife)
Her pussy come with a whip (splash)
Take her up on a trip, her mouth ridiculous (ridiculous)
Shawty, she know that she flawless (flawless)
She walk with a wobble (woah)
Her ass look like water (water)
I'm thinking 'bout settlin' down havin' toddlers (huh)
Her pussy so wet so I handle with caution (woah)
I told that bitch I'ma take her to a island (island)
I got a show in Paris, I invite her (come on)
I took one picture with her, she went viral (flash)
Fuck her two times, three times, we don't get tired (no!)
I put Chanel on her, spent a bail on her (bail)
She got that water, put that Michael Phelps on her (splash)
Immigration, lookin' for her, can't tell on her
I told her I got her back, I cannot bail on her (ayy)
We got London on the track

[Pre-Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
Mama, yeah, she my lil' partner (rah)
She shoot at you just like a shotta (rah)
Got finessed 'cause she look like a model (finesse, yeah)
And she got good brain like a scholar (yeet)
And she makin' all the noise (what?)
And she don't got time for lil' boys (hee)
She'd rather go play with a toy
Only blue Benjamins make that hoe moist (damn)

[Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (all of my bitches, they)
All of my bitches, they love me (yeah, they love me)
Drop a five on that bitch (racks)
Drop a ten on that bitch (eeh)
Drop a twenty on that bitch (guap)
Fuck it, I'ma make her rich (mula)

[Post-Chorus: Young Thug]
Shawty (yeet), Yorkie (swag)
Important (smart), Rollie
Park that pussy like a Pecan (yeah)
I won't watch, it was a secret (ayy)
I'ma pay to get her teeth fixed (ayy)
No implants, gotta speak it

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Yeah (sheesh)
The booty look healthy, eat it like a pear (yummy)
She say that she live in Bali (she use Nair)
Grease it up, leave it, shine it too (yeah)
Make them hoes walk behind the crew (yeah)
I'm feelin' rich, baby, how 'bout you? (hee, hee)
I might pop a few tags (hee)
I might buy that bitch a bag (swag)
I might buy that bitch a jet (zoom)
I might buy that bitch a dad (what?)
I might buy that bitch some friends (what?)
I might buy that bitch a Benz (skrrt)
I might turbo with a twin (hee, hey)
We got London on the track

[Pre-Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
Mama, yeah, she my lil' partner (rah)
She shoot at you just like a shotta (rah)
Got finessed 'cause she look like a model (finesse, yeah)
And she got good brain like a scholar (yeet)
And she makin' all the noise (what?)
And she don't got time for lil' boys (hee)
She'd rather go play with a toy
Only blue Benjamins make that hoe moist (damn)

[Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (all of my bitches, they)
All of my bitches, they love me (yeah, they love me)
Drop a five on that bitch (racks)
Drop a ten on that bitch (eeh)
Drop a twenty on that bitch (guap)
Fuck it, I'ma make her rich (mula)

[Post-Chorus: Quavo]
All of my bitches, my bitches, my bitches, they love me (my bitches, they love me)
All of my bitches, my bitches, my bitches, they love me (ayy)
All of my bitches, my bitches, my bitches, they love me (my bitches, they love me)
All of my bitches, my bitches, my bitches, they love me (my bitches, they love me)

[Verse 3: Quavo]
She wanna fuck out in public
Everywhere, everywhere, she wanna fuck on me everywhere
She fuckin’ with me 'cause my name buzz
And she fuckin' with me 'cause I’m famous
I wanna fuck on her cousin
I wanna smash on her relatives
I piped on her, she was a nothing
I p-p-p-p-piped her up
My dab is contagious, just sneezed (hachoo)
Understand this shit, capiche? (capiche)
You cannot bite me, no fleas (rrr)
I put your hoe on a lease (knees)
I got your hoe on a leash (leash)
Eat it up like busy bees (eat it up)
She boomerang then catch to me (boomerang)
So I gotta treat her like queen
I'ma treat her like queen
We got London on the track

[Pre-Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
Mama, yeah, she my lil' partner (rah)
She shoot at you just like a shotta (rah)
Got finessed 'cause she look like a model (finesse, yeah)
And she got good brain like a scholar (yeet)
And she makin' all the noise (what?)
And she don't got time for lil' boys (hee)
She'd rather go play with a toy
Only blue Benjamins make that hoe moist (damn)

[Chorus: Quavo & Young Thug]
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (they love me)
All of my bitches, they love me (all of my bitches, they)
All of my bitches, they love me (yeah, they love me)
Drop a five on that bitch (racks)
Drop a ten on that bitch (eeh)
Drop a twenty on that bitch (guap)
Fuck it, I'ma make her rich (mula)

[Pre-Chorus: Quavo]
Mama, yeah, she my lil' partner
She shoot at you just like a shotta...

[Intro]
Turn the lights on

[Chorus]
Now it all seems like a blur
All the things we saw and heard
At least for me, it was a first
Do you remember that night in Amsterdam?
Do you remember that night in Amsterdam? Ohhh
Maybe you were too gone, maybe I was gone too
And I knew I was on you, and I didn't even want to land
(Do you remember that night in Amsterdam?)
'Cause I remember clearly, yeah

[Verse 1]
So hard to describe the energy
You had to be there, you had to feel it for yourself
Walking through the static of the aromatics
Started from the bottom, made it to the attic
Hoping I don't leave up out this bitch an addict
Halfway to the plane and we still going at it (woo, damn!)
You was so sexy, cursing out taxi drivers
You were so public, you was like fuck it, let me ride it! (right here)
So I did, and you did
Had that man getting big
Wishing I could take you back to where I live
Thought about you all the way back to the crib

[Chorus]
Now it all seems like a blur
All the things we saw and heard
At least for me, it was a first
Do you remember that night in Amsterdam?
Do you remember that night in Amsterdam? Ohhh
Maybe you were too gone, maybe I was gone too
I know I was on you, and I didn't even want to land
(Do you remember that night in Amsterdam?)
'Cause I remember clearly, yeah

[Verse 2]
All those smoky rooms filled with tiny dancers
And all those voices calling my name, and I ain't tryna answer
And when you lay down on me, I couldn't help but stand
Had me all at attention, lost in this wonderland
I was so in tune, didn't notice anyone else that was in the room
Made a small shower, saw all the wall flowers
Didn't have any other choice but to bloom
Each moment run to the other, saw the beauty in every color
With me standing in the light
And you was like, "let me get a light"

[Chorus]
Now it all seems like a blur
All the things we saw and heard
At least for me, it was a first
Do you remember that night in Amsterdam?
Do you remember that night in Amsterdam? Ohhh
Maybe you were too gone, maybe I was gone too
But fuck it I was on you, and I didn't even want to land
(Do you remember that night in Amsterdam?)
'Cause I remember clearly, yeah

[Outro]
Oohhhh, do you remember, yeah?
Do you remember, I?
Do you remember, yeah?
Do you remember, I?
Oohh I, oohh I

[Verse 1]
Summer goes, Winter slow
Autumn leaves but you're still around, yeah, yeah
And my feelings grow because you know how to captivate a crowd
When you turn on that smile, yeah

[Chorus]
The look of love, you wear it well
Baby, love looks good on you
I knew you got it all, I can tell
Because you always look brand new

[Verse 2]
The wind it blows and the snow is gone
But raindrops dance on my window pane
(No oh) yeah, yeah, yeah
And whenever you put it on, you shine like a charm sugar
I hope your wardrobe doesn't change
(Oh no, keep it right there sugar
I'm loving your swag, baby)

[Chorus]
The look of love, you wear it well
Baby, love looks good on you
I know you got it all, I can tell
Because you always look brand new
Love looks good on you

[Bridge]
Oh girl I love your energy
You're doing something, love
A total new identity when you turn on that smile
(Even before you make your move) ooh
Girl your presence alone, ooh, that will do
Love looks good on, you

[Chorus]
The look of love, you wear it well
Baby, love looks good on you
(Baby, love looks good on you)
I know you got it all, I can tell
(Because you always look brand new) ooooh

[Verse 1]
Don't say you love me 'cause I can't say it back
Don't say you're sorry 'cause you've done nothing bad
Swallow my feelings, but won't swallow my pride
You know I've got a suit of armor on, you'll never see me cry
I hate the silence (Ah-ah), that's why the music's always loud
So many problems (Ah-ah), I try to drown 'em out
1000 bottles (Ah-ah), collecting souvenirs
You know it's so hard to admit it
But the only good inside of me is you

[Pre-Chorus]
I take all of these blue and yellow pills
But nothing seems to last like you
You're chasing after something that you'll never catch
Woah

[Chorus]
Like a white Mercedes, always been running too fast
When your heart is breaking, you keep on taking me back
Hate myself, I really love you
Hurting you feels like I'm hurting as well
All I know is I don't deserve you

[Verse 2]
You're so forgiving (Ah-ah), my friends think you're the best
From the beginning (Ah-ah), your friends said it wouldn't last
But this connection (Ah-ah), it's something they don't see
You know it's so hard to admit it
But the best damn part of me was always you

[Pre-Chorus]
I take all of these blue and yellow pills
But nothing seems to last like you
You're chasing after something that you'll never catch
Woah

[Chorus]
Like a white Mercedes, always been running too fast
When your heart is breaking, you keep on taking me back
Hate myself, I really love you
Hurting you feels like I'm hurting as well
All I know is I don't deserve you

[Bridge]
I don't deserve you, I don't deserve your love
One day I'll pull through and I'll be good enough
I don't deserve you, I don't deserve your love
Oh, your love, yeah
I don't deserve you, I don't deserve your love
One day I'll pull through and I'll be good enough
I don't deserve you, I don't deserve your love
Oh, your love

[Chorus]
Like a white Mercedes, always been running too fast
When your heart is breaking, you keep on taking me back
Hate myself, I really love you
Hurting you feels like I'm hurting as well
All I know is I don't deserve you
All I know is I don't deserve you
All I know is I don't deserve you
All I know is I don't deserve you

[Intro]
*Lighter flicks and inhale*
(We got London On Da Track)

[Verse 1]
I think my idol is a hater
Fuck him, flush him like a radiator (woo)
Lil' bitch, I'm ballin' like a pacer (ballin')
New condo sittin' on like twenty acres
She covered in white, just like a mansion waiter (and what?)
I load her with cake like she's an Easy Baker (ooh)
Harley Davidson with a stick like Tomb Raider
Packin' this bitch with the wood, ha, paper (woo)
Mitsubishi stuffed with them birdies, nigga (brrr)
You think I'm gay when I go 730, don't get discouraged, nigga (brrr)
You the type of nigga that leave and take the purses, nigga (brrr)
And you should know my behavior's the worstest, nigga (brrr)

[Chorus]
Stop playin' (brrr)
Stop playin' (brrr)
Stop playin' (brrr)
Mmmmmmm, stop playin' (brrr)
Mmmmmmm, stop playin' (brrr)
Ooooh-ahhhh, stop playin' (brrr)
Aahh (brrr)

[Verse 2]
I just bought my bitch a booty, nigga (brrr)
25 bands spent on a scooter, nigga (brrr)
You niggas signed to him, I'm just tutorin', nigga (brrr)
Hey, I feel lucky like a Buddha, nigga (brrr)
"Alphabet boys" is what we call y'all (brrr)
Even though your pussy tall, you a small dog (brrr)
Rick Ross y'all (brrr)

[?], I spotted you with the kid for the bands 

[?] (woo)
Even if you JAY Z, bitch, I'm the hundredth problem (woo)
I make her jump like she was born a frog (woo)
Tell me if you love me like the fuckin' law (woo)
Bitch, I'm drinkin' mud like I'm a fuckin' hog (lean)
I got three hoes like I'm Santa fuckin' Claus (woo)
I'm with Bird from Magnolia, he sharp like lion claws (brrr)
Pina colada, I got a choppa y'all (brrr)
And I'ma run it to the top, yeah, I'ma run it now (ha)
Hahaha

[Chorus]
Stop playin' (brrr)
Stop playin' (brrr)
Stop playin' (brrr)
Mmmmmmm, stop playin' (brrr)
Mmmmmmm, stop playin' (brrr)
Ooooh-ahhhh, stop playin' (brrr)
Aahh (brrr)

[intro]
Yeah, oh baby
Yeah, ah, now baby

[Verse 1]
Please don't do this right before I leave
You gon' make me fall apart, oh baby
I was so stupid, too many tricks up my sleeve
All I did was break your heart, oh baby

[Pre-Chorus 1]
I know what I did, I know it was wrong
The only thing I don't know is why it happened at all
Oh baby
I got a flight to catch, baby
I don't wanna fight you back
I was wrong, I can't even get mad at all, oh baby

[Chorus]
Cause now I'm sittin' on this airplane
People lookin' at me like I'm crazy
They don't even know what's wrong
But they know it's all my fault
'Cause now I'm sittin' on this airplane and I'm crying like a baby
We might have to turn around
'Cause right about now, I'm wishin' that this plane would just go down

[Post-Chorus]
Down, down, down
Down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Down, down, down, down

[Verse 2]
No excuses, I am on my knees
Confessions are way too hard, oh baby
I'm about to lose it
Why aren't you beside me?
Couldn't let down my guard, oh baby

[Pre-Chorus 2]
I know you ain't gon' never come back
I shouldn't have done that and run back for cover
How stupid am I?
Oh baby
And you don't wanna see me again
And you'll never believe me again
Now I'm in 1st class feeling like I've died, oh baby

[Chorus]
'Cause now I'm sittin' on this airplane
People lookin' at me like I'm crazy
They don't even know what's wrong
But they know it's all my fault
'Cause now I'm sittin' on this airplane and I'm crying like a baby
We might have to turn around
'Cause right about now, I'm wishin' that this plane would just go down

[Post-Chorus]
Down, down, down
Down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Down, down, down, down

[Intro]
Alright, now we got my nigga Dizzy aka. Raw D out
You tryna get me stuck in a hole
Only got one soul, I know
From the ground up, coming soon
It's a lot of pressure and pain
But I'm ready for whatever call my name
And everybody puttin' them over things
Fought with 'em both, we can bring it on
Young money (Ooh dawg, ooh dawg)

[Verse 1]
I could give a fuck if you agree with me
'Cause I don't see nobody giving up no greenery
And everybody wanna be up on the scenery
Nigga look me eye to eye but he ain't seein' me
And all these niggas run around sayin' they seen a key
Ain't got a motherfucking thing, ain't seen a G
But always got they mouth open when it comes to me
I wanna know what the fuck you niggas done for me (Tell me, tell me)
Pussy motherfuckers probably run from me
Make me slap ya in ya mouth to get a gum from me
And you know it's only real niggas that run with me
So if I die, probably little niggas will come from me
Shit, it's gonna take like 10 million just to come for me
Yeah, I'm eatin' but I still feel hungry
You know I don't give a motherfuck, yeah I done this shit
And I'm done with it but don't fuck with me

[Chorus]
They tryna get me stuck in a hole
Only got one soul, I know
It's a lot of pressure and pain
But I'm ready for whatever, I'ma mess with that bitch
And everybody open they mouths but they ain't 'bout what I'm 'bout
We can bring it on
We can bring it on

[Verse 2]
Look, and I ain't worried 'bout the law neither
I ain't got nothin' on me, bitch, I'm all legal
And niggas sayin' what they saw talkin' to them people
They got my people in the place without them charges on 'em
And I get charged every day in my charger, homie
And I don't beef with niggas 'cause they all below me
And I don't eat with niggas 'cause we all ain't hungry
It's time to get this money, nigga, fuck your feelings
Who the fuck is gonna take care of your children, shit
Who was there when we were on top of them buildings, shit
I'm over my head, I'm on top of the ceiling
But I'm being real and that's how a nigga feel, fuck
And motherfuck how a motherfucker feel, yeah
I'm tryna feel how I feel to touch a meal
And everybody tryna get a deal
But my mind on these bricks and I'm on the bill

[Chorus]
They tryna get me stuck in a hole
Only got one soul, I know
It's a lot of pressure and pain
But I'm ready for whatever, I'ma mess with that bitch
And everybody open they mouths but they ain't 'bout what I'm 'bout
We can bring it on
We can bring it on

[Chorus: Curren$y]
What you lookin at, girl, you lookin at a G
You ain't good with your man, you're better with me
I'm fresh to death, and I'm already stackin cheese
Come and get me, on my shoulder, follo me when I leave
Let's go hoe, let's go hoe

[Verse 1: Curren$y]
Hot Spitta nigga, got a lot of Carbin with me
Got them rounds with me, but never got them windows tinted
Whole top here, want all of them to see me
And this bad assbitch keep lookin in my mearer
Crazy chick, she like this life I'm livin
And you aitn crazy, girl, you can tell I'm a rich nigga
I got more stripes than Nike, nigga
This green with me, all them other niggas bitches
You already know how we get down
Young Money, baby, we is in your town
Fuck a rocket, we sellin that Bobby Brown
If you love your girlfriend, don't bring her around
Come outside, you see the cash flow
Pimp in the game, and my brother and Mack, yo
Far from an amature, a nigga got money like the producer of a track, hoe

[Chorus: Curren$y]
What you lookin at, girl, you lookin at a G
You ain't good with your man, you're better with me
I'm fresh to death, and I'm already stackin cheese
Come and get me, on my shoulder, follo me when I leave
Let's go hoe, let's go hoe

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Weezy baby, my money bigger, hoe
Mama knew she got it perfect, right in my portfolio
From the hood, with them birds and airplanes
Now I'm making money with the pimps, eating Shrimp
I love it, yes, I love it, I bet I could make you love it
Can't no other person do it like I motherfuckin does it
I love it, you should love it
You didn't piss me off, your other nigga does it
I'm on that fuckin Patrone
And I like it, I feel like fightin
Feel like fuckin, might just
Bring her to the crib, enter crisis
Fresh from my head to the bottom of my Nikes
Half on my dick, she ride it for the licance
Yes, that's me, lookin spicey
Open it up, yeah, it's just like this

[Chorus: Curren$y]
What you lookin at, girl, you lookin at a G
You ain't good with your man, you're better with me
I'm fresh to death, and I'm already stackin cheese
Come and get me, on my shoulder, follo me when I leave
Let's go hoe, let's go hoe

[Chorus: Raw Dizzy]
Work your elbo, let me see you work your elbo
Work your elbo, let me see how you work your elbo
Bitch, give me my space, bitch, give me my space
Bitch, give me my space, bitch, give me my space

[Verse: Raw Dizzy]
You know I'm strapped up, when I come through
Bout twenty deep, lil nigga, make room
Hit the stage up, hala at the DJ
He goin play my shit back to back, like a replay
Got my money right, you already know
I'm in the club, shootin dice up, bettin on the four
Fresh kicks, I pick them up overseas
Five-fifty for a pare, you ain't got enough for these
And I'm feelin shauty, that's a bad bitch
And her ass thick, I wanna smash quick
Take her to the telly, do the grown up
Or in the Chevy, to the levy, to the morning
Shit, I get it poppin, like popcorn
And I done been hot, and you ain't warm
And you can get mad, but this is how we do it
First, you throw your hands up, and get to it

[Chorus: Raw Dizzy]
Work your elbo, let me see you work your elbo
Work your elbo, let me see how you work your elbo
Bitch, give me my space, bitch, give me my space
Bitch, give me my space, bitch, give me my space

[Outro: Raw Dizzy]
I'm Geed up, they already know
But I ain't too gangsta, to swing my elbos
See, I say Dizzy, but I'm a Mack, Maine
We got Curren$y, they call us Young Money

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch

[Verse 1: Raw Dizzy]
Bitch, I'm back out of prison
Fuckin with this rap, cause this rap shit easy
Hooked up with Weezy, niggas didn't believe me
I'm not a fuckin actor, but they see me on the TV
I'm with my man, boy, we in the hood, boy
We got numbers, and it's good, boy
Got them birds to Georgia, comin through the water
It's sixteen-five if you wanna place an order
Thirty-six, grams, fish scales
Thousand and Eight grams, nigga, you failed
I'm a hustler, what are the fuck you
I'm getting money, me, and my whole crew (Young Money!)
Me and them, that's Young Money
We got old money, if you ain't know, dummy
Bitch, it's my turn, and it's the time around
For me to hold it down, for my seventeenth round

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch

[Verse 2: Mack Maine]
Bitch, I'm Mack Maine!
Hollygrove's Hannibal, you cowards, I'm cannibal
Riding in that Phantom, hoe, them niggas is cowards, hoe
The Applestreet animal, but the food ain't flammable
I'm from the hood, where young niggas gamble, yo
You niggas sweet like fruit, Cantaloupe
See every day, I wake up, and know it's more shit
Niggas say my flow sick, I be like, no shit
The feds pull up, askin questions, I don't know shit
I got alzheimer's, I'm an emotional G, like Carl Thomas
The type of niggas that'll play with your ass on the Palm Pilots
Tryna go gold, just like the 49ers, I did a million times
See I could merk ya with a million rhymes a million times
See, I got money, I could buy you bastards
That's why I got more hoes than a Buyou classic
Like Eighty degrese when I tell a bitch please
Raise up off my N-U-Ts cause you gets none of these
At ease

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch
I got my hood in this bitch

[Verse 1: Ronnie]
My swag is in order, nigga, immage is a must
Six didgits on the car, nigga, that's a plus
Six hundred for the jeans, I neverr pull my pants up
Already there, why you tryna get your grams up
I put your hoe in handcuffs, I take her hostage
I see you walkin round, short arms, deep pockets
I live to see a profit, you down to break even
I'm really in the clear, you niggas stay leakin
You niggas just ain't eatin
Pick another lane
Rap game, crack game, you should pick another game
I'm headed for the jeweler, bout to pick another chain
Then I go to the pad, bout to stick another dame

[Chorus: Ronnie]
I rock, I roll
I'm fly, I know
You broke, you mad
Turn your swag, turn it up
Turn it up, turn it up

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
See I'm a rock and roll all-star, a hip hop ledgend
I eat the track up, now where is my bevrage
I belch bars, excuse my presents
And I charge for every letter, like a fuckin text message
Chroam on, shades on, game on
And my V-Neck is pushed like Mason
You can't fuck with me, man
You're like Weak Man to me, man
What up, blood
What up, blood
What up, gangsta
Belt game banging, chain game slanging
Weezy F Baby, the shit still stankin

[Chorus: Ronnie]
I rock, I roll
I'm fly, I know
You broke, you mad
Turn your swag, turn it up
Turn it up, turn it up

[Verse 3: Ronnie]
Fat boy go hard, you not like I
You dope man fresh, I'm kingpin fly
My team on point, my swag on ten
My doe don't fold, my cash don't bend
My doors go up, my sounds up loud
You are nothing, but another face in the croud
Corner store John Doe, lookin for a name
The shit you provide me, is nothing to the game
I'm the leader of the pack, you can tell by the talk
I'm a bonified star, you can tell by the walk
One hand on my nuts, the other on a stack
You lookin for doe, I can show you where it's at

[Chorus: Ronnie]
I rock, I roll
I'm fly, I know
You broke, you mad
Turn your swag, turn it up
Turn it up, turn it up

[Intro: Tyga]
Oh, you leavin' me, I'm leavin' me
I make you rock

[Chorus: Tyga]
Have faith in me, have faith in me
Have a lil faith in me, oh, have faith in me
When your road gets dark and you can no longer see
Let your boy throw a spark and have a lil faith in me
To get you a sensation, communication, penetration, stimulation
Ventilation, innovation, you get impatient but have a lil faith
Sensation, communication, penetration, stimulation
Ventilation, innovation, you get impatient but baby, baby

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Have faith in me, just wait for me
Put all your weight on me, everything on me
Lean on me like the drink on me
And have faith in me, faith in me, yeah
You were blind and I made you see, yeah
Give me time, give me peace of mind
Love me faithfully, baby, baby, have faith
That face is first place, yeah, can't be replaced, yeah
I race to your side, I try and fail but never fail to try
(1) and try again, (2), and try again
I might have been outta my mind (true)
To my defense, pressure makes diamonds
And you see how I shine

[Chorus: Tyga]
So have faith in me, have faith in me
Have a lil faith in me, oh, have faith in me
When your road gets dark and you can no longer see
Let your boy throw a spark and have a lil faith in me
To get you a sensation, communication, penetration, stimulation
Ventilation, innovation, you get impatient but have a lil faith
Sensation, communication, penetration, stimulation
Ventilation, innovation, you get impatient but baby, baby

[Verse 2: Tory Lanez]
Have some faith in me, baby, know the stakes have been crazy
All this time has been passin', and now I'm talkin' action
Seatbelt fastened, got me in the speedway dashin'
Clean but I love it when she get nasty
She just passed me, keep a bad one with it
Just so she can make the threesome nasty
That's flashy and I'm classy
But real enough to fuck you in the backseat
Put you in the pad like you in a maxi
And have you runnin' to me like you in a track meet
You attract me but keep it on track
'Cause the fact is, I want you to have faith in me
It's gon' work, believe me

[Chorus: Tyga]
So have faith in me, have faith in me
Have a lil faith in me, oh, have faith in me
When your road gets dark and you can no longer see
Let your boy throw a spark and have a lil faith in me
To get you a sensation, communication, penetration, stimulation
Ventilation, innovation, you get impatient but have a lil faith
Sensation, communication, penetration, stimulation
Ventilation, innovation, you get impatient but baby, baby
Have a lil faith in me

[Intro]
Hitmaka

[Chorus: 24hrs]
I'm holdin' on, on, yeah
I'm holdin' on
Feeling's too strong, mmm, yeah
So I'm holdin' on, yeah

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Now with both hands on it, I'ma hope
That you put your phone down, I'ma hope
Your girl tryna tell you I'm a hoe
I curved her a while ago
Now I go high, you go low
Why, oh, why, would you meet me at the middle?
You come and go
And come right back to my pillow (skrrt)
La di da di, Bugati in the driveway (skrrt)
Park sideways like it's my place
Hit your hot spot, that's a fireplace
Water on my wrist, she gon' hydrate
Gotta give me 24 hours
'Cause I'm with 24hrs
Got the money and the power
The world weighed me down but

[Chorus: 24hrs]
I'm holdin' on, on, yeah
I'm holdin' on
Feeling's too strong, mmm, yeah
So I'm holdin' on, yeah

[Bridge: 24hrs]
I'm holdin' on
24hrs
I'm holdin' on
24hrs

[Vesre 2: Tyga & 24hrs]
Now Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday
Friday, Saturday, Sunday are her days
Ayy, if it ain't a race, why you run in the first place?
'Cause I'm a hurry to show you I'm the best one
I'm right now here and the next one
If you love her, let her go, I can't let you go
I'm holdin' on like a three-year-old in your arm
Just like the chain I got, charm
Been on it for so long, Bugati still on your lawn
She a beast, she Queen Kong, she take it off and take it all
And I put both hands on it for 24hrs

[Chorus: 24hrs]
I'm holdin' on, on, yeah
I'm holdin' on
Feeling's too strong, mmm, yeah
So I'm holdin' on, yeah

[Bridge: 24hrs]
I'm holdin' on
24hrs
I'm holdin' on
24hrs

[Intro: Gucci Mane]
CashMoneyAP
Tyga, Wop, burr
Ooh, BatGang on the track, bitch

[Chorus: Tyga & (Gucci Mane)]
Baby, when I sip a lil, I miss you a lil
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more (Wop)
Baby, when I sip a lil, I miss you a lil
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more

[Post-Chorus: Tyga]
Baby, when the lights are low and the night is warm
You like it slow, I used to rush to you
Baby, when the rain pours down
Reminds me of touchin' you

[Verse 1: Tyga]
Baby, when I'm out and the pill hit
I start to feel shit, shit I used to feel when you still here
Sometimes I roll over like you still there
I been rollin' for a week and I'm still lit
Got a baby for my body high, baby for my head high
Got a lil baby for my bedtime
Got a lil baby come through in the AM for the cereal
My boutique lil baby got more poochie than Emilio
No, no, I don't think they feel me though
Lookin' in the mirror, I'm a miracle
You know when I sip a lil, I might send a missle
Hit you with that tongue emoji, wanna lick that
I be on a mission, yeah, I know you see the vision, yeah
Still wanna see me, got me feelin' like I need you when

[Chorus: Tyga & (Gucci Mane)]
When I sip a lil, I miss you a lil
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more (Wop)
Baby, when I sip a lil, I miss you a lil
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more (go, go, go)

[Post-Chorus: Tyga & (Gucci Mane)]
Baby, when the lights are low and the night is warm
You like it slow, I used to rush to you
Baby, when the rain pours down
Reminds me of touchin' you (Wop)

[Verse 2: Gucci Mane]
She just wants some closure, my thing out is suicidal
I bet she hear this song and think of Guwop inside her
Drop top with my top open, her heart broken, I'm liable
My ambition as a rider, is all about survival
Glacier blue McLaren and I drive it like MacGyver
Got so many Burkin bags, that bitch can't make her mind up
I'm the owner but I'm coach and play, I just might change the line up
Too bad he wanna be with Gucci gang, I won't let him sign up
Bigger, bigger diamonds got 'em lost in the sauce
Yeah, you crossed the line like the stones in the cross
I was on the boss, now I'm boss of the boss
And I just crack a smile 'cause you done, stick a fork

[Chorus: Tyga & (Gucci Mane)]
Baby, when I sip a lil, I miss you a lil (Gucci)
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more
Baby, when I sip a lil, I miss you a lil
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more

[Verse 3: Tyga]
And the vibe don't lie, I hear what you sayin'
But the vide don't lie, I'm where you wanna be layin' at
Who you playin' with? I'm not a toy thing
I'm a man, I'm not your boyfriend, I boost off the poison
Sip a lil, mix a lil, twist a lil, kiss a lil
We lick a lil, just a lil but this ain't lil (this ain't lil)
I was tryna call you
All summer, tryna fall through, I hit you like where are you?

[Chorus: Tyga]
When I sip a lil, I miss you a lil
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more
Baby, when I sip a lil, I miss you a lil
Baby, when I sip a lil more, I miss you a lil more

[Pre-Chorus: Jacquees]
You got everything you want
You got everything you need
Yes I remember the times
When you caught me in lies
You knew other women weren't mine
So you stuck by my side
So everything

[Chorus: Jacquees]
Everything you want and need
I'll comfort you, give you all of me
Cause everything you want and need
I'll be, I'll be

[Post-Chorus: Jacquees]
It'll be you and me
For eternity
I give you my love everyday
I'ma be yours either way

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
You and your niece, me and Jacquees
We can make love in between them sheets
All you can eat on me, it's a feast
Have fun wit' me while I run these streets
So sweet, so rough, so tough, so bad
Get whatchu want, throw it in the bag
Stayed down wit' me even when I did wrong
That's probably why I'm singin' this song
A boss hit, a boss lady, that's you
Put your face on my right arm, tattoo
Met you, gotchu, get you
You're my angel, god bless you
Who am I in love with? Just you
Float on the boat, just us two
Smokin' and strokin', just us two
This is splendid, flex it and bend it
Lay it out for ya
Now let me play it out for ya
You get what she won't 'cause she don't compare
You get what you want 'cause you have been there for me
Carefully, prepared to lay down your life for me
My life would be nothin' wit' outchu
And I ain't doin' nothin' wit' outchu

[Pre-Chorus: Jacquees]
You got everything you want
You got everything you need
Yes I remember the times
When you caught me in lies
You knew other women weren't mine
So you stuck by my side
So everything

[Chorus: Jacquees]
Everything you want and need
I'll comfort you, give you all of me
'Cause everything you want and need
I'll be, I'll be

[Post-Chorus: Jacquees]
It'll be you and me (that's all it will be)
For eternity (yeah)
I give you my love everyday
I'ma be yours either way (either way)

[Verse 2: Dreezy]
He was gettin' money outta town (O.T.)
I was in the city 'bout mine (you know how I do)
And I knew he was a dog, had to put him on pause
But it happened at the right time (it worked out)
And I know you got drip, fast whips and the mansions
But you really need a girl who understands you (for real)
Like when you cash out, know I can too
Yeah I run through the money, I ain't ran through
And I keep it a hunnid
Good head, down bitch, let him get in my stomach (uh-huh)
First lady, still married to money
It was like a blind date 'cause I ain't see it comin'
Damn, I was on deep, he was still playin'
We was both young till I turned him into a man
Bitches do it for the 'Gram but this really who I am
If you get up in a jam, I'ma come through with the bands
Yeah, my type, no stereo (my nigga)
I love you like that woman that carried you
Back and forth, no merry-go, die for you like burials
I ain't speakin' it up, just givin' you a scenario (just playin')
Yeah, I'm goin' to war if it's 'bout you (all day)
It ain't for me then it's not true (no it ain't)
I wanna be the last one you gotta lie to
I got everything I need if I gotchu

[Pre-Chorus: Jacquees]
You got everything you want
You got everything you need
Yes I remember the times
When you caught me in lies
You knew other women weren't mine
So you stuck by my side
So everything

[Chorus: Jacquees]
Everything you want and need (everything)
I'll comfort you, give you all of me (all of me)
Cause everything you want and need
I'll be, I'll be

[Post-Chorus: Jacquees]
It'll be you and me
For eternity
I give you my love everyday
I'ma be yours either way

[Chorus]
It's so hard to look the other way
It's so hard to not pick up the phone, bang your line one time and ask 'bout your day
It's so hard to look the other way
Tell me something that will push me away
Tell me something that will push me away
I took something for the pain, it never took it away, nah

[Verse 1]
It's only two and I took two today, already took two today
But the truth is I never wanted you to stay
But you do what you want, yeah and I wanted it that way
Pushin' through the city in my four by four, by two
Yeah, barely fitted through the drive-thru, wanna slide by you
So hard not to tell you he a sucker
So hard to see you suffer, let you see for yourself
Yeah, it's hard for me to trust ya
But I know this bust down Patek won't switch sides, yeah
I know this Lambo won't switch sides, yeah
I know my true fans won't switch sides
If I give my new bitch just a lil time, she'll be big time

[Chorus]
And it'll so hard to look the other way
But it's so hard to not pick up the phone, bang your line one time and ask 'bout your day
It's so hard to look the other way
Tell me something that will push me away
Tell me something that will push me away
I took something for the pain, yeah
But it's still so hard to look the other way
So hard to not pick up the phone, bang your line one time and ask 'bout your day, yeah
So hard to look the other way
Tell me something that will push me away
Tell me something that will push me away
I took something for the pain, it never took it away, nah, nah

[Verse 2]
Now my new thing ain't you but it feels good 'cause it's new
Don't have to check the 'Gram to know your move
Yeah, I need a Khaled, gon' pop me another one
I need a Khaled, gon' find me another one (another one)
Gon' buy me another one, you could lie to the other one
Say something that will push me away
You brought out the beast, I can't put it away
Yeah, truth is I wanted you to stay
But the door's tryna close and my foot's in the way
Push me away, tell 'em I was unconditional
Tell 'em how I strengthened your spiritual
Tell 'em I know you like I invented you

[Chorus]
That's why it's so hard to look the other way
It's so hard to not pick up the phone, bang your line one time and ask 'bout your day
So hard to look the other way
Tell me something that will push me away
Tell me something that will push me away
I took something for the pain, it never took it away, nah, nah

[Intro]
Hey Snoop Dogg, can you give us a bedtime story?
Alright, hand me my backwoods, here we go

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Just another day in me old neighborhood
Not bad meanin' bad but bad meanin' good
Time flies by with the boomin' system
Shot for my head, I popped back but I missed 'em
So I kept shootin' 'til I ran outta shots
Then I threw my gun at him and I ran up the block
Swang them foes, bang them hoes
20 minutes later, I changed them clothes
For a disguise, east side niggas is back
Ain't heard your new shit 'cause you niggas is whack
I came to this party all by myself
But I won't leave by myself
I got his, hers and your bitch too
They all come through, it's sorta like a rendezvous
I'm so true to this shit, never new to this shit
Kick back and watch your big homie do this shit

[Chorus: Kokane]
Niggas don't make or break me
'Cause all I just do is shine
Toast to the bang bang boogie
Crush grapes to drink fine wine
S to the N, double O, P
Won't you put it in the air one time
Today we gonna get real litty
Guaranteed it'll blow your mind

[Interlude: Kokane]
Well well
Well, I watch out
Better get them starchild
That's the XO bottle
Leave shit with the model
And this gangsta shit on your 

[Cerato], uh

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
1 little 2, little 3, little Gs
Hangin' by the high school, blowin' in the trees
4 little, 5 little, 6 TCs
Watch a nigga back when I'm dip in through the Es
7 little, 8 little, 9 little hoes
Wanna kick it, I suppose, gettin' tickets to my shows
10 to 11 but a dozen on the rose
Gave that bitch to my cousin 'cause he hard on the nose
Hey, you know how shit goes, make that bitch strike a pose
She belong to the gang, so you know that bitch chose
So cold, make a nigga freeze up, hoes down, nigga, G's up

[Chorus: Kokane]
Niggas don't make or break me
'Cause all I just do is shine
Toast to the bang bang boogie
Crush grapes to drink fine wine
S to the N, double O, P
Won't you put it in the air one time
Today we gonna get real litty
Guaranteed it'll blow your mind

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
I did a whole lotta gutta shit
But lookin' back at it, young loc, Cuz, I'm on some other shit
Intellectual, misdirectional
Correct yourself so you can avoid correctional facilities
Mental stability, validity
Everythin' you look at ain't what it appear to be
Compellin' you, sellin' you, I'm tellin' you this
See poppin' this shit is like knockin' a bitch
I'm cold with it, rock roll with it, trick hoes with it
Nick Foles with it, get it, I be the backup, second in line
See when I get in, you ain't gettin' no more time
I'm free as a bird, C is the word, nigga, I did that, nigga
Never switchin' up, my nigga, let's get this shit back
True to this shit, never new to this shit
Kick back and watch your big homie do this shit

[Chorus: Kokane]
Niggas don't make or break me
'Cause all I just do is shine
Toast to the bang bang boogie
Crush grapes to drink fine wine
S to the N, double O, P
Won't you put it in the air one time
Today we gonna get real litty
Guaranteed it'll blow your mind

[Intro: Tyga]
My intuition is telling me, alright

[Verse 1: Tyga]
My intuition tells me that you're getting in this whip with me
Tell me what you're into, we can get into it endlessly, get into it endlessly
See she can wear leather in the rain, she can find pleasure in pain
Say my name, say my name, say it, babe

[Pre-Chorus: Tyga]
See she can wear leather in the rain, she can find pleasure in pain, oh yeah
Say my name, say my name, say it, babe
She run me wrong, run, run me wrong, keep me, keep me coming
Yeah, I pull up on her bumper, let's get reckless, let's get reckless
Take it slow like we in Texas, take it to the island, ride her like a jetski, yeah
Baby, just let me if you're ready, let's see

[Chorus: Tyga & Kyndall]
If you think you're ready, let's see
If you think you're ready, let's see
Oh, ready, ready, yeah
Ready

[Verse 2: Kyndall]
My intutition tell me you really not so innocent
And baby, the vibe that you're giving me's intentional, intentional, intentional
I can feel how intense it is, feel the intensity
See he can wear leather in the rain, he can find pleasure in pain
Say my name, say my name, say it, babe

[Pre-Chorus: Kyndall]
He can wear leather in the rain, he can find pleasure in pain, baby
Say my name, say my name, there's nobody's around
Spend time with me, not money, thats how you keep me, keep me coming, coming
Pull up on my bumper, let's get reckless, reckless
Hold me close, come to my rescue, take it to the islands, ride it like a jetski, yeah
Baby, just let me, let me, if you're ready, let's see

[Chorus: Kyndall]
If you think you're ready, let's see
If you think you're ready, let's see
Oh, ready, ready, yeah
Ready
Oh, ready, ready, yeah
Ready
Ready
Ready

[Intro]
You should be calling me
Now you should be
Know it turns you on when I'm on the B
Put this jersey on, baby, ball

[Chorus]
Now you should be callin' me
Now you should be callin' me, yeah
I know it turns you on when I'm on the B
Put this jersey on, baby, ball with me, yeah, yeah
You should be callin' me
Now you should be callin' me, yeah
Make a nigga honk his horn then that skrrt, beat, beat
Put this jersey on, baby, ball with me, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
They say you trippin', how you fall for me though?
My wrist drippin', I just spent a kilo
That Bugatti take off like my migo
I shoot my shot, then I reload
Ever seen two mil ride down Pico?
Ever spent 20 bands on an E coupe?
I'm with my Blood niggas, gettin' what they bleed for
My Crip niggas gettin' cribs on the seashore
Give it all to me though
I have your wrist drippin', baby, muy frío
She’ll have a rap nigga on this R&B flow
Like come and talk to me 'cause we know

[Chorus]
Now you should be callin' me
Now you should be callin' me, yeah
I know it turns you on when I'm on the B
Put this jersey on, baby, ball with me, yeah, yeah
You should be callin' me
Now you should be callin' me, yeah
Make a nigga honk his horn then that skrrt, beat, beat
Put this jersey on, baby, ball with me, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
What number do you wanna be?
I make you number one, yeah, one is all I need, yeah, yeah
They say you trippin', how you fall for me though?
Askin' bitches why they always be alone
Tell the freaks to find a man of they own
We in MIA, in M-I-Yayo
Fast nights, I like to start my day slow
Take my time, count 100K up, oh, yeah
Now all this ice, how can I not keep my cool?
And with all this ice, I freeze time for you
And with all this ice, we skate straight to the top
Your body-ody's tellin' you

[Chorus]
Now you should be callin' me
Now you should be callin' me, yeah
I know it turns you on when I'm on the B
Put this jersey on, baby, ball with me, yeah, yeah
You should be callin' me
You should be callin' me, yeah
Make a nigga honk his horn then that skrrt, beat, beat
Put this jersey on, baby, ball with me, yeah, yeah

[Outro]
Come and ball with me
I wanna show you, girl
I really wanna show you things
I really wanna
Come and ball with me
I wanna show you, girl
I really wanna show you things
I really wanna

[Intro]
Yeah, we always go back, back, forth and forth
Yeah, we always go back, back, forth and forth

[Verse 1]
Two missed calls from you, yeah, the party must be over
Every time you go out, yeah, it gets you nowhere
I been waitin' right here, still I been everywhere
And it's like June now, but I love you like February
Tell me about the stories, all lies now yeah
Tell me I don't have to worry about those guys now
I get insecure but I never been insecure before right now
I, I, I, I, I
I'm out my, my, my, my mind
You break me down, you build me up
You take it all, just to fill me up

[Pre-Chorus]
And you do it like you like to hurt me
Is this what you need to feel better?
Is this how you act when you know we're forever?
Yeah and you can come back whenever
This the last time I'm gon' let you, yeah
I know that what I said to you last time
But you cry, I cry, we cry oh yeah
We cry together

[Chorus]
When you cry, I cry
We cry together
When you cry, I cry
We cry together
When I cry, you cry
We cry together
When you cry, I cry
We ride for whatever, yeah

[Verse 2]
On lonely nights, you callin' me, yeah you're callin' me, yeah yeah
But so many days you're ignorin' me, yeah normally, yeah yeah
Now am I talkin' foreign when I say I miss you?
Or maybe your phone was on silent but your phone is always with you
And the one who put tears in your eyes
Is the same one there when they dry
And we haven't touched all night
But your words hit hard when we fight
Ah, ah, ah, yeah I try
We could be good without the byes
Same one who put tears in your eyes
Is the same one there when they dry, yeah yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
And you do it like you like to hurt me
Is this what you need to feel better?
Is this how you act when you know we're forever?
Yeah and you can come back whenever
This the last time I'm gon' let you, yeah
I know that what I said to you last time
But you cry, I cry, we cry oh yeah
We cry together

[Chorus]
When you cry, I cry
We cry together
When you cry, I cry
We cry together
When I cry, you cry
We cry together
When you cry, I cry
We ride for whatever, yeah

[Outro]
Two missed calls from you, yeah, the party must be over
Every time you go out, yeah, it gets you nowhere

[Intro: Sample]

[Chorus]
I been unfaithful, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle
But I ain't lyin' when I say I love you
But I been unfaithful, yeah, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle
Ah, yeah, I been wildin', yeah, I been wildin'
I been unfaithful, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle
But I ain't lyin' when I say I love you
But I been unfaithful, yeah, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle
Ah, yeah, I been wildin', yeah, I been wildin'

[Verse 1]
I been unfaithful, you were an angel
I ran off with your halo, yeah, I made you unstable
Did you get what you came for? Yeah, I got what I came for
You love that designer but being my girl was your favorite label, yeah
I been caught and now the case closed, don't know
Yeah, I been caught and now the case closed, don't know
I'ma tell it all, Jose Canseco, oh, no
You want me to say that it ain't so, but I can't say it ain't, so you know

[Pre-Chorus]
I been unfaithful
Just when 'I love you' turns into 'I hate you'
Baby, baby, let me explain to you
I don't know what to say, oh, no, no
Yeah, I been unfaithful
Just when 'I love you' turns into 'I hate you'
Baby, baby, let me explain to you
So oh no, oh no

[Chorus]
I been unfaithful, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
But I ain't lyin' when I say I love you (there's something to say to you)
But I been unfaithful, yeah, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
Ah, yeah, I been wildin', yeah, I been wildin' (there's something to say to you)
I been unfaithful, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
But I ain't lyin' when I say I love you (there's something to say to you)
But I been unfaithful, yeah, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
Ah, yeah, I been wildin', yeah, I been wildin' (there's something to say to you)

[Verse 2]
Now don't you act innocent 'cause you went nights without hittin' me
But it's not just me
I sabotage, I ruin things before it ruins me
Yeah, silly you, yeah, stupid me 'cause losin' you could ruin me
Still, I been unfaithful, makin' mistakes I can't pay for
Keisha, Lisa and Rachel, we lay up and lay low
I was up and the race slow, you was tellin' me race home
I was whippin' the Wraith slow 'cause I already know I gotta tell you

[Chorus]
I been unfaithful, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
But I ain't lyin' when I say I love you (there's something to say to you)
But I been unfaithful, yeah, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
Ah, yeah, I been wildin', yeah, I been wildin' (there's something to say to you)
I been unfaithful, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
But I ain't lyin' when I say I love you (there's something to say to you)
But I been unfaithful, yeah, I been lyin' like the king of the jungle (there's something to say to you)
Ah, yeah, I been wildin', yeah, I been wildin' (there's something to say to you)

[Outro: Sample]

[Intro]
CashMoneyAP
Pour the Ciroc, yeah, I'm Puff Daddy
I need that girl that'll ri-ri-ride (5, 4, 3, 2, 1)

[Chorus]
Yeah, I need a girl, girlfriend (yeah, I'm with you)
But I'm with you, spendin' most of my time
Does that make you my girl, uh, girlfriend?
Hoes text, I don't reply, baby mad like you must have a girl
Girlfriend, ooh, I think I like her (my girlfriend)
I want that girl to be my girl
'Cause when it's cold outside
I just lay up with bae

[Verse 1]
Fuckin' with my girl
Diamonds dancin' in the club with my girl
Nigga, don't be bumpin' into my girl
Bruh, this ain't no thottie, bruh, this ain't just anybody
I can't trust anybody but my girl
Spice girl, your smile lights up my world
Like a moth to a flame, my love is blind, you see my desires
I'm never sober, gettin' higher and higher with my girl
Yeah, I'm Puff Daddy, I need a girl that'll ri-ri-ride
Pour the Ciroc, yeah, yeah, I'm Puff Daddy, I need a girl in my life

[Chorus]
Will you be my girlfriend? (Yeah, I'm with you)
But I'm with you, spendin' most of my time
Does that make you my girl, uh, girlfriend?
Hoes text, I don't reply, baby mad like you must have a girl
Girlfriend, ooh, I think I like her (my girlfriend)
I want that girl to be my girl
'Cause when it's cold outside
I just lay up with bae

[Post-Chorus]
Fuckin' with my girl
Ooh, my, my, my, my girlfriend
My girl
Ooh, my, my, my, my girlfriend

[Verse 2]
My girl is better than yours, aha, is wetter than yours, aha
She comin' to see me like I'm goin' on tour
I remember when she was unsure, oh, ayy
I had to call her and call her some more
Now when we coppin', we call up the store
But the Porsche don't ri-ride right, my girl ain't inside it
My wrist like Visene, her wrist just like mine
Crown and you're rich, you're my queen
Said I'm fortunate to have you, girl

[Chorus]
I want you to be my girlfriend (yeah, I'm with you)
But I'm with you, spendin' most of my time
Does that make you my girl, uh, girlfriend?
Hoes text, I don't reply, baby mad like you must have a girl
Girlfriend, ooh, I think I like her (my girlfriend)
I want that girl to be my girl
'Cause when it's cold outside
I just lay up with bae

[Post-Chorus]
Fuckin' with my girl
Ooh, my, my, my, my girlfriend
Fuckin' with my girl, my girl, my girl

[Chorus]
And you didn't train for this, you can't fight it
You know you came for this (you know you came)
And you know who's thing this is, better say it then
You know you came for this (you know you came)
And you didn't train for this, you can't fight it
You know you came for this (you know you came)
And you know who I'm top five, champion level, I made your list
You know you came for this (you know you came)

[Verse 1]
And you know I brought so much, pleasure, pain came with it
Bit you know I'm made for this
And you know being this way is what made me rich, can't make things switch now
If I can make it hit, I can take a hit, yeah

[Chorus]
But you didn't train for this, you can't fight it
You know you came for this (you know you came)
And you know who's thing this is, better say it then
You know you came for this (you know you came)

[Verse 2]
You see me on Shade Room, fameolous, it's dangerous
You know how crazy fame can get, I know how crazy my baby get
But you didn't train for this, broke down and prayed for this
I'm havin' my way with this
In a big Jeep wagon, to the bank with this
And you didn't, yeah, train for this
You hopped on a train for this
You whip lanes and lane for this
'Cause you know who I'm top five, champion level, all day with this
And you can't stay away from this (and you can't stay away from this)

[Chorus]
And you didn't train for this, you can't fight it
You know you came for this (you know you came)
And you know who's thing this is, better say it then
You know you came for this, you know you can't resist
And you didn't train for this, you can't fight it
You know you came for this, you know, you know
And you know who I'm top five, champion level, I made your list
And you know you can't forget, and you know you can't forget

[Verse 3]
Now I know what you think
I know when you drink, you more aggressive with your expression
Let me know what you need (let me know what you need)
I think I know a recipe to think there's an extra me, yeah

[Chorus]
If you didn't train for this, you can't fight it
You on fire, I ignite it
I advise it, yeah, but you invited
I know you like it, it's like I'm psychic
I know you not my side bitch, no, you my sidekick, oh, oh
I know you Robin, I know, I know, I know you Robin
The way it fit (the way it fit)
Like God designed it (like God designed it)
The way I stick and move, stick and move, Mike Tyson, oh

[Chorus]
You didn't train for this, you can't fight it
You know you came for this, you know, you know
And you know who I'm top five, champion level, I made your list
You know you came for this  (came for this, came for this, came for this)

[Pre-Chorus]
Put on your sundress, girl, I'm 'bout to make it hot, yeah
Come park it on my lap and twist up another one
See God spent more time on you than he did on me, yeah, yeah, yeah
For seven days straight, I been weak

[Chorus]
She gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, she gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh yeah, she gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, like hot noodle soup
Ooh, that made me feel better, yeah, yeah, baby, hop in this coupe

[Verse 1]
We can go wherever, no pressure, it's no pressure
This ain't no interview, no questions
If it feels right, it's right, I got you in the mood, woo
This woman make the headline, yeah, the head's right every time
Yeah, it gets me hot every time
I put that on my life, that's a deadline, oh woah

[Pre-Chorus]
Put on your sundress, girl, I'm 'bout to make it hot, yeah
Come park it on my lap and twist up another one
See God spent more time on you than he did on me, yeah, yeah, yeah
For seven days straight, I been weak

[Chorus]
She gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, she gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh yeah, she gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, like hot noodle soup
Ooh, that made me feel better, yeah, yeah, baby, hop in this coupe

[Verse 2]
I'm droppin' the roof, don't argue with you
Keep it solid with me, yeah, I keep it solid with you
You know what's poppin' with me, boo, what's poppin' with you?
I got a watch that pop up, you know I'm popular too
I might watch you pop more and I might pop me one too
They wanna get between the sheets when the iceys come through, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
Put on your sundress, girl, I'm 'bout to make it hot, yeah
Come park it on my lap and twist up another one
See God spent more time on you than he did on me, yeah, yeah, yeah
For seven days straight, I been weak

[Chorus]
She gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, she gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh yeah, she gon' make me feel better, yeah, yeah, like hot noodle soup
Ooh, that made me feel better, yeah, yeah, baby, hop in this coupe

[Intro]
I'm not always there when you call

[Chorus]
Uh, lil mami, lil mami, I'm down for you, I'm down for you
Ja Rule, Ashanti, where you want me, you got me
She's rockin' my hoodie, do you know how big this could be?
This could be everything, in Hollywood, where they say anything
Gone on the brown, sippin' on the Foxy
I was swerved off tequila
Asking for you number, slurrin'
Don't curve me, your hips, your thighs
I told them other hoes, yeah, bye bye
When you cry, I cry, you're mine, mine, mine
Mine, mine, mine, mine

[Verse 1]
Lil mami, got me foolish, Ashanti
Tell 'em what we gon' do if they move, plotty
Come from under the Tommy, bustin' the Tommy
That Masi' don't ride smooth as you
That 'Rari don't move smooth as you
My heart beats in tune with you
Every afternoon, you the noon it to

[Chorus]
Lil mami, lil mami, I'm down for you, I'm down for you
Ja Rule, Ashanti, where you want me, you got me
She's rockin' my hoodie, do you know how big this could be?
This could be everything, in Hollywood, where they say anything
Gone on the brown, sippin' on the Foxy
I was swerved off tequila
Askin' for you number, slurrin'
Don't curve me
Lil mami, lil mami, don't curve me
Lil mami, lil mami, don't curve me

[Verse 2]
What would I be without my baby?
The thought alone might, uh, all alone I might, uh
I bought a home, wait, it's not a home 'til I, hold up
Yeah, and the Lambo ain't as fun without you holdin' on
'Cause I can't deny it, you a straight rider
Fire and desire, the temperature's risin', keep it low, uh, low
Down for me, down for me, yeah, hold it in
You done got it out for me but they 'bout to see

[Chorus]
Lil mami, lil mami, I'm down for you, I'm down for you
Ja Rule, Ashanti, where you want me, you got me
She's rockin' my hoodie, do you know how big this could be?
This could be everything, in Hollywood, where they say anything
Gone on the brown, sippin' on the Foxy
I was swerved off tequila
Asking for you number, slurrin'
Don't curve me
Lil mami, lil mami, don't curve me
Lil mami, lil mami, don't curve me

[DJ Khaled:]
This DJ Khaled, the Don Dada
Big dog 

[?]

[?] Novacaine
Listen
Yeah Cash Money
My nigga Birdman
Lil Wayne
AKA Weezy F Baby
This ain't no mixtape niggas
This is a gift from Cash Money
For the streets
Oh it's about to be a problem
Eh yo Birdman

[Birdman:]
Yeah

[DJ Khaled:]
Let these niggas know

[Birdman:]
Yeah
You already know what it do
What this shit do, what it got to do

[?] you heard me, nigga?
Uptown in this bitch
One love to my city
Nigga I'm talking New Orlands
The whole New Orlands nigga, you understand me?
Y'all know what this like
Y'all know what this doing
Y'all know what I be like

[?] whatever
That's how I got to do it

[?]
This Tha Carter 2
Part 2, Like Father Like Son
You know I always been about money

[?] uptown nigga
You understand me, nigga?

[?]

[?]

[?]

[?]

[?]

[?]

[?]

[Interlude:T.I. and Scarface]
What's happening, man, this your nigga TIP
Right now, motherfucker, you listening to Gangsta Grillz music
In the streets, down with the king, you understand that
I know you niggas be hearing this and hearing that, man, on TV, and all them mxtapes you know what I'm sayin, niggas do
You know what I'm sayin, niggas do what they can when they feel safe
Right now, man, you know what I'm sayin, let me put one of my playa partners in the middle of this shit
So I'm finna haller at Scarface, man, you know what I'm sayin, tryna clear the air bout this lil situation
Hold on
Eh, Face, what's happenin, man, what ya'll niggas doin
Man, we just on the motherfuckin buss, man, just chillin
And man, like I was sayin yesterday, man, let's get this shit, man
That nigga that told you was right, man
Know what's good, man
That nigga say he from your hood
Oh
You know, like, I ain't never seen that nigga over there, man
That's love, man, they know what I started, they know started
People is dudes, man, he was robbin, like before all them niggas in Countyfield
Straight up
He ain't from Cloverland, throgh red at a busta
I ain't never seen this nigga before, man
The nigga hide behind you, like he tryna put you against me, man, you know
Scarface the king of the south, if you ask me
The nigga copping duces
I agree with that shit, bro
You know me
Send a shot straight to that motherfucker, man, he know what I am

[Interlude: T.I. and Scarface]
Man, shit, I love that kind of shit, dog
I love what a great gang
That's for real
I love it
Don't cool down now, stay up with it, TIP
You know you my lil nigga, man
And I'm standin behind you
You for real
Forever ever ever
Double ever ever
Never let them dudes fuck you up
I stay ridin, man
You say you ain't never ever ever
Ever ever ever ever
For real, man
So this nigga ain't ever been sited in the cut, nowhere, man
No, no, no
You know what, TIP, that's the problem with them older niggas, cause they like, nigga, we stood up, in the motherfuckin trentches
For another nigga to come and rep it, and half ass, you know what I'm sayin, it couldn't be credible
Yeah
That's just how it goes
I'm just real, man, you know

[Verse: Scarface & T.I.]
And you know what I gotta go home, boy man
Okay
Nah that 

[?] is the best motherfucker for you to call
'Cause I, I know 

[?]
Okay, aight what's his name?
The Third
His name Third?
Real Third yeah, the leprechaun
Oh, so he where buddy got all that little bullshit from?
Right
He just took it and made this shit tainted to the Avengers huh?

[?]
Yeah, okay like the 

[?] like like what I'm showing and I'm bringing, I'm exposing 

[?] because I'm showing real life shit 

[?] digitally impose some shit, make up some shit 

[?]

[Verse]
Stop driving such a hard bargain sometimes. Let someone else win. That's what them hatin' 

[?] saying. "Why motherfuckers gotta charge twenty five thousand dollars for a show? What the fuck?" 'Cause 

[?] ten thousand you tried to give us five 

[?]. We want it all 

[?]
Aye, yee-uh-yee yeaaahhh
Ha-ha-ha
The wait is over
The King back
I'd like to welcome ya'll to the return of the A-town
And I'm talkin the original A-town, ya dig that?
Yeah, we takin this shit back to the promised land partna
We fuckin the city up homie
And when I say fuck tha city up I mean fuck that muhfucka up beyond repair nigga
Tear this muthafucka down partna, ya understand that?
K.I.N.G. period homie, west side Zone 1 Bankhead
Grand Hustle nigga, aye!
You know whats happenin
I ain't been gone that long nigga
Yall know whats happenin, yall know how I get down man
You already know man I hit the ground runnin man
Ain't nuttin to it man you know what I'm sayin
New book, new t.v. show, new album nigga new mixtape nigga it goin down nigga
Aye, what i need ya'll to do right now
Bend ya cup up and gas the truck up partna
It time to ride
Yeah, yeah it Trouble Man, no soft shit here dawg
All ya'll got somethin to say about a nigga this and about a nigga that homes
Hey look man, we gon fuck the city up one time
And let ya'll niggas stand around and watch partna
Big bands on deck nigga, can you dig that?
Get some money hoe ass nigga
But for right now what we gonna do without further ado
Im a introduce ya mothafuckin masterpiece to ya
We raisin all hell in 2012 startin now
They year mine, and if its mines its our

[Jeezy]
Look, first of all, Tip, welcome home, my nigga. God bless the child that got his own, nigga. God bless the niggas blowin' the 

[?], nigga. Y'all know what it is? We on our motherfuckin' own, nigga. This A-Town, nigga. Nothin' in between, know what I'm talkin' 'bout? Niggas ridin' clean, niggas gettin' to that bread, niggas bustin' heads, y'all know what it is, niggas. It's a motherfuckin' recession, though. We still grindin', ho You know what it is, we ain't playin' no motherfuckin' games, 'cause if it is, we winnin' motherfucker. You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? I don't give a fuck what is is, nigga, 

[?], you know what I'm sayin'? 

[?], whatever it is, nigga. Niggas turnt up out this bitch. You can't turn us down. We don't wanna be turnt down, nigga, nah bro. Matter fact, I don't even know where the fuckin' knob at, nigga. It's A-Town shit, nigga. I'm talkin' 'bout love and loyalty, nigga. You see this unity around you, nigga? Ain't this shit beautiful, motherfucker? I'm talkin' 'bout look at it. Take a picture. Hold on, click click, yeah, you heard what the fuck I said. Get your motherfuckin' head busted, nigga. It's A-Town, nigga. That's right, capital A, capital T, T-O-W-N, nigga. You know we 'bout to motherfuckin' win. We gon' stand tall like a motherfuckin' tree. You understand me? Real talk, nigga. Up the motherfuckin' muscle. Ain't no motherfuckin' games being played. We don't play those, nigga. We gettin' money, it's a million dollar niggas around here, nigga. You know what the fuck it is, nigga. We fuck our own hoes, wear our own clothes, nigga. Drive our own cars. We look like movie stars. You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? This "Fuck da City Up". MLK, you know what it is, nigga. You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? I ain't no Martin Luther King, but I'm definitely Malcolm X, you know what I'm talkin' 'bout? And we up next, nigga. We 

[?], reign, supreme. This A-Town, nigga. Zones one through six. You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? Real niggas with big dicks. We don't fuck around, nigga. Big cars, coupes, four doors. I'm talkin' 'bout, I got some shit right now in my garage right now, you know what the fuck it is, nigga. I'ma call 

[?] and tell him "Pull up on me, explain this shit." You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? You don't know what this shit is, nigga. You know what I'm talkin' 'bout? Real niggas do real things. I don't say that 'cause it's a catch phrase, I say that 'cause it gotta be said, nigga. We bustin' heads, nigga

[Tease: T.I.]
What it is, y'all? Yeah, I'm back at it
Blackmatic in the trap, serving crack addicts
Heavy traffic from the street to the back alleys
You want a crack at it? (MLK, bitch!) (HUH?)
What it is, y'all? (Gangsta!) Yeah, I'm back at it (Ill!)

[Verse 1: T.I.]
What it is, y'all? Yeah, I'm back at it
Blackmatic in the trap, serving crack addicts (Dramatic!)
Heavy traffic from the street to the back alleys
You want a crack at it? Or you just 

[act alley?]?
We not 

[rally?], ‘cause that when bullshit happen
Niggas start static, send a full clip at him
Blow in the attic, hundred thou’ at least beneath the mattress
Another hundred with my mama ‘case they kidnap me
Day in, day out, live through the drama, I’ma keep it cracking
Get the best from my connect, I know he keep the packet
Got a girlfriend, I wanna keep her happy
Gucci, Louis bags, she got a bad spending habit
Plus a open case—they tryna throw the book at me
On probation already, let ‘em come and catch me
Think I smell a rat, and I hate snitching with a passion
On my daddy, if he cross my path, I gotta blast him
I ain’t booksmart, but I’m street-savvy
Think I’m stupid? Swear to God, nigga, keep laughing
I know the lyrics hardcore, and the beat nasty
For the niggas out there really living like that
Homeboy, the streets nasty (Ayy, ayy)

[Hook: T.I.]
And to the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers (Gangsta!)
Never had a real job (Why?) Go figure
To the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers (Gangsta!)
Never had a real job, and he a go-getter
And to the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers
Never had a real job, he a go-getter
To the dope dealers, and the go-getters
Dope, got that 5-0, double up, nigga!

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Yeah! High-rolling, big money I’m folding
Get at least 23 for the brick I sold him
Last in the trap, but I’m back real early
A million-dollar man, but my clothes still dirty
Ride in a hoopty, yeah, but everybody know
When whoever need work, I’m where everybody go
Niggas stay hungry, so, they waiting on me
When I re-up, I don’t need cash—put my face on it
You need weight, homie? Well, I keep white
In the hood, late night, like the streetlights
Okay, but peep, right? It’s a dead end
If you dodge the fed. pen, well, you dead, then
Either way, can’t drive your cars or spend your bread then
You think I’m lying to you? Well, go ahead, then
Can’t tell you what you wanna hear, but you keep asking
Man, niggas out there really living like this
Homeboy, the streets nasty

[Hook: T.I.]
And to the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers
Never had a real job (Why?) Go figure
To the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers
Never had a real job, and he a go-getter
And to the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers
Never had a real job, he a go-getter
To the dope dealers, and the go-getters
Dope, got that 5-0, double up, nigga!
Trendsetter!

[Verse 3: T.I.]
This a lifestyle, and a mindstate
Nigga brainwashed, blame it on the crime rate
Or the poorly-funded schools who don’t educate
Graduate, still a fool, teachers let you make
Whatever grade it take to pass—you just another face
For Christ’s sake, how much more of this can brothers take?
The situation never great; ‘least if I’m selling weight
I move my family out the hood and to a better place
And they come take away my freedom, so I let ‘em take it
I sacrifice myself to show my sons a better way
You think I’m out here selling yay’ just for the hell of it?
Think you the only one affected by the deficit?
Go ask the president, ‘bout unemployment rates
Before you say I’m doing this for my enjoyment, hey
I know you think we out here trapping ‘cause we wanna be
But it’s the trickle-down effect from the economy
So what you want from me? Ayy, why you fed up?
You the one that wanted Bush to run America
See what we go through on the news and you just drive past it
But the people out there really living like that
Homeboy, the streets nasty

[Hook: T.I.]
And to the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers
Never had a real job (Why?) Go figure
To the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers
Never had a real job, and he a go-getter
And to the dope dealers, and the blow-flippers
Never had a real job, he a go-getter
To the dope dealers, and the go-getters
Dope, got that 5-0, double up, nigga!

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Ok you see me in a packed club, VIP, see me doing me, I be
Poppin' bottles, tossin' dollars out to every freak I see
Haters be looking hard maybe 'cause we took your broads
Simmer down god you know you don't want it with the squad
Ay listen, hear me loud and clear, even though it loud in here
Hit the bar and grab a beer, get your ass drug out of here
King of the club scene, captain of the dream team
Big bank, avalanche, hit me watch your ship sink
You be on that sucka shit, I be on some other shit
Meet a bitch, fuck a bitch, drop her, find another bitch
Sucka hate my guts for this and that but hoes be lovin' it
Whatever you had budgeted my pocket money, double it
Rich kids, like my little cousin still thuggin' it
It hurt to see me do a bid and get out ballin', doesn't it?
Now wasn't it, the rawest shit you saw in your life
How we took a hundred rats to the club and spent it all in a night?

[Chorus]
Poppin' bottles in the club, buckets on ice
Haters in the corner mean muggin' alright
Watch us while we ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
I separate you from your girl 'cause I know what they all like
Black, White, Latin, short tall, all types
Love it when I ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"

[Verse 2]
Almost wish the judge would've threw the book at me
'Cause I show up to the club super cool, look at me
Everything brand new, you get money like who?
Spent 150 on my car and my Audemars too
Since I walked up in the spot, ain't nobody saw you
They see me like "there he go!" look at you like “aww boo”
Bought every bottle at the bar, shawty you know how I do
I take them all across your noggin, I ain't finna argue
I'm still big shit poppin', nothing changed but my clothes
Triple digits in my pockets, rubber band bankroll
Tell a bitch I'll take you places where your man can't go
Can't be, he ain't doing shit if he ain't me, can't you see
The difference 'tween us when I walk up in the door
Get 20,000 worth of ones, start letting that money go
Let it fly, throw some 20s when my ones running low
50 stacks, I'ma show you how to ball, double that

[Chorus]
Poppin' bottles in the club, buckets on ice
Haters in the corner mean muggin' alright
Watch us while we ball like, Hey! We gon' be at it all night!
Ball like, Hey! We gon' be at it all night!
I separate you from your girl 'cause I know what they all like
Black, White, Latin, short tall, all types
Love it when I ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"

[Chorus]
He can't hit it unless he pay her, that nigga ain't a playa
He say it's a recession, shit and me I can't tell
Watch us while we ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Now throw it in the air, representing ATL
Let it hit 'em in the hair, all the bitches like "Yeah!"
Love it when I ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"

[Chorus]
Poppin' bottles in the club, buckets on ice
Haters in the corner mean muggin' alright
Watch us while we ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
I separate you from your girl 'cause I know what they all like
Black, White, Latin, short tall, all types
Love it when I ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"
Ball like, "Hey! We gon' be at it all night!"

[Intro: T.I. and Young Dro]
MMK bitch!
Yo nigga fuck dat nigga
T.I. nigga TIP said that you understand that?
Nigga I'm talking nigga Grindhouse nigga '96 shit nigga you know what I'm sayin?
Behind the trap shit know what I'm sayin?

[Hook: T.I.]
Don't try 'n' show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch we gonna go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch
We gonna go off in this bitch
Yeah we gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch

[Verse 1: T.I.]
I got my fight game ready and my nine aimed steady
Chopper in the Chevy if they want it come and get it
Tell em bring to the Square or do i have to go and get 'em?
Drawn out on this corner he about to be beheaded
Let him up --> You know TIP temper bad
They won't upset him
Or shorty he gonna learn a lesson first-hand don't tell him
Let him keep flexin i ain't screamin I ain't yellin
I'm gonna go upside his mellon with that loaded Smith 'n' Wesson
(POW!) Put the business end of the pistol in his face he start bailin
You can't take the check and I'm gonna have to go stretch him
He try to get away guess I'm gonna have to go catch him
Don't care how many people seen nobody gonna help him
Juss laughin till somebody happen to come smell him
Disrespect the King's presence I'm gonna treat ya like a peasant
Shorty .357 in '91 when I was 11!
So fuck Chris Kelly
What i care?
Go and tell dat nigga

[Hook: T.I.]
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch we gonna go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch we gonna go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch

[Verse 2: T.I.]
I'm so above em
Ho's soft
I went in your jaw and
Followed you to your car
And then blew both your doors off
See what happen
And my action won't call over your talk
Figured I was just a rapper i dont know what them folks thought
Hit them clips and got lost ain't nobody got caught
Snitches try to come and sue me
Look at what i got off
Nigga comin with that hatin get your face shot off
And you done came to me for what
Let's get this straight you not a boss. Nigga floss
Bigga talk figures
My homeboys they all killas
Got the strength to off niggas
'specially them the soft niggas
Call yourself a soft dealer
Need to knock it off nigga
'fore i kill the first one
Paralyze the third and fourth nigga
No i ain't gonna let up juss like yola I'm a crook nigga
Stand-up guy head busta by the book nigga
I ain't shook nigga lemme say this for the hook -->
It's still Pimp Squad Click
Now chain got took nigga!

[Hook: T.I.]
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
'Ey we gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
You tryin to show off in this bitch?
We gonna go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Tryin to show off in this bitch we gonna go off in this bitch
Yeah we gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch

[Verse 3: Young Dro]
Who the fuck you hatin on
You caught Dro off in this bitch
A grenade 'll make nigga's head blow off in this bitch
I'm fittin to go off in this bitch i got my ho off in this bitch
You thinkin you juss fittin to put on a show off in this bitch?
I'll surgically remove a niggas throat off in this bitch
A.K.A "The Six" will blow a nigga's coat off in this bitch
Man the boy jet to Tokyo I'm goin home pokin flow
First-class killa
That's what i won all them trophies for
They wonderin why Dro and T.I. flowin so ferocious for
Bitch we got a yacht
Thats what we goin on the ocean for
I'm blowin on some overdose
Fallin Benni and Hannas
Big bankroll
Make it so hard to bend these hundreds
Ten sea-green Hummers
Spiderman motorbike
Blue diamonds on my hand same color as Superman
Bench 550 fuck up wit me
We can't talk it out
Shoot ya ass on Bankhead and let yo ass walk it out

[Hook: T.I.]
Quit tryn to show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitchQuit tryin to show off in this bitch
'fore we go off in this bitch
'Ey we gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
You tryin to show off in this bitch?
We gonna go off in this bitch
We gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch
Quit tryin to show off in this bitch
We gonna go off in this bitch
Yeah we gonna go off in your shit when we go off in this bitch

[Intro]
Drop my top anytime I wanna
I'ma drop my top on the dope man corner
Drop my top anytime I wanna
And I dropped the price on the dope man corner

[Pre-Hook]
Drop, drop
Gotta buy me that drop, drop
These fiends want that trap, trap
You know those hoes gon' drop, drop

[Hook]
I'ma drop my top anytime I wanna
She drop her top but you must have dollars
Drop my top anytime I wanna
She drop her top but you must have dollars
Drop, drop
These fiends love that trap, trap
Drop my top anytime I wanna
Drop my top but you must have dollars

[Verse]
Bugatti in Sun Valley and it look outta place
I move your bitch outta place first date outta State
I made the plug drop the ticket on my last package
And I dropped your ex-wife like a bad habit
Dropping money everywhere, a lil' cabbage
And I dropped your CEO, don' need no extra baggage
I have a Chevy Caprice the same color a' gum drop
A dark skinned girl but don't listen to none but punk rock
Not ashamed to say my career started off that straight drop
Reminiscing running round with the deuce pack
I hold the pot sideways like O-Dog did when he shot the Glock
I'm serving rapper weed, OG kush, yeah, that TuPac
(Guwop)

[Pre-Hook]
Drop, drop
Gotta buy me that drop, drop
These fiends want that trap, trap
You know those hoes gon' drop, drop

[Hook]
I'ma drop my top anytime I wanna
She drop her top but you must have dollars
Drop my top anytime I wanna
She drop her top but you must have dollars
Drop, drop
These fiends love that trap, trap
Drop my top anytime I wanna
Drop my top

[Outro]
Drop my top anytime I wanna
I'ma drop my top on the dope man corner
Drop my top anytime I wanna
And I dropped the price on the dope man corner
Friday night it was late
I was walking you home
We got to the gate
I was dreaming of the night
Would it turn out right?

How to tell you, girl
I wanna build my world around you
Tell you that it's true
I wanna make you understand
I'm talking about a life time plan

Hurry, don't be late
I can't hardly wait
I said to myself when we're old
We'll go dancing in the dark
Walking through the park
And reminiscing
As he walks down on his road
This man feels old
His heart erodes

All the things that that girl said
Are better left
Far behind him on his road

Well his light was burnin low
Reaping what he sowed
Loves a heavy load

But he knew he’d make it through
His mind was staying true
His reason he’d stick to

Now this man is on his own
Happier alone
Travelin' on his road
Here she comes (that little flirt)
That little town flirt (here she goes)
You're falling for her
Then you're gonna get it hurt

Yeah
I know it's hard to resist
The temptation of a womans red lips
But you can get hurt
Yeah, you can get hurt
Foolin' around
With that little town flirt

Here she comes (She comes by)
With that look in her eye (Here she comes)
She messes around
With every guy that comes by

Yeah
I know she's gonna treat you wrong
So your heart just better be strong
You can get hurt
Yeah, you can get hurt
Foolin' around
With that little town flirt
She's a baby faced assassin with a master plan
I met her off the coast of Okinawa, Japan
She said she loved to read and recommended a book
She looked me in my eyes and smiled, then I was hooked

Never have I seen a beauty quite like this
Rolling down her avenue is an intimate bliss
I can sit and stare and maybe write her a book
Thinking back in time on why I never did look

Now my angel is gone
I will find her, I will find her now
Yes my Angel is gone
I will find her, I will find her somehow
I’m dreaming tonight of a place I love
Even more than I usually do
And although I know it’s a long hard road back
I promise you

I'll be home for Christmas
You can count on me
Please have snow and mistletoe
And presents on the tree

Christmas Eve will find me
Where the love light gleams
I'll be home for Christmas
If only in my dreams

I'll be home for Christmas
You can plan on me
Please have snow and mistletoe
And presents on the tree

Christmas Eve will find me
Where the love light gleams
I'll be home for Christmas
If only in my dreams
Looking for some pleasure
I stumbled up on treasure
A superstar, baby
With the heart of an angel
You didn’t even know it
But your soul has shown me
Brought it all back, baby
For the gift of love
And I surrender

[Chorus:]
I’m in love
I’m in love
I’m in love
I love you

I’m giving it all back to you babe
I had a change of heart
It’s all because I love you

[Verse 2:]
Riding through life aimless
On a highway of changes
Now I’m on the right road, honey
Because of you, baby
I played the crazy game
You brought me full cirle and
I wanna thank you, baby
If you’re still down, woman
Please take this ring

I want you to know
I want to be with you forever

[Chorus]

I wanna do it
When you second that emotion
This is what heaven feels like, baby
It’s all because I love you

[Chorus]

I surrender
I give it all back to you, babe
Had a change of heart now
It’s all because you

I love you
I love you
Now I believe in Santa Claus
And rescuing whoever’s lost
You gave me the gift of love

I wanna say
I surrender
Giving it back to you, baby
I had a change of heart, baby
It’s all because I love you

Hey, hey
Giving it back to you, baby
I had a change of heart, woman

[The First Noel]

The first Noel the angels did say
Was to certain poor shepards in fields as they lay:
In fields where they lay keeping their sheep
On a cold winter's night that was so deep

Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel
Born is the King of Israel!
Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel
Born is the King of Israel!

[What Child Is This]

What child is this
Who lays to rest
On Mary's lap is sleeping
Whom angels greet with anthems sweet
While shepherds watch are keeping
Oh this is Christ the king, oh Christ the king
Whom shepherds guard and angels sing
Haste, haste to bring him praise
The baby son of Mary
Oh, Christ, Christ our king

[In Excelsis Deo]

Gloria in excelsis deo
Gloria in excelsis deo

[Joy To The World]

Joy to the world, the Lord has come!
And Heaven, and Heaven, and nature sing
Girl, it’s almost Christmas
Checking over my list and
See what your gift should be, yeah baby
Why you got me guessing
About what I give the girl who has everything, oh baby

[Chorus:]
I’ll buy you anything you want
But you don’t care
I never felt this broke being a millionaire
What does it cost
To feed your sweet heart of gold
Girl I want to know
What can I buy you?

Trying to pay attention
Find out what you’ve been missing
Deep in your desire
Holiday detective
My Christmas love objective
Is to satisfy every need of my queen

[Chorus] (2x)

[Bridge:]
Toni Scruggs:
Baby, baby I don’t want for nothing
What would you do if I asked for something more

Ron Isley:
Girl I’ll give it all if I could buy you

Toni Scruggs:
Oh, I’m not for sale, baby
If I was, can you afford to pay what this sweet love costs?

Ron Isley:
Girl, I’ll pay it all if I could buy you

[Chorus] (2x)

Girl, I’ll give it all if I could buy you
Girl, I’ll give it all if I could buy you
Girl, I’ll give it all if I could buy you
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost nipping at your nose
Yuletide carols being sung by a choir
Folks dressed up like Eskimos

Everybody knows some turkey and some mistletoe
Helps to make a season bright, season bright
Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow
Will find it hard to sleep tonight

They know that Santa's on his way
With loads of lots of toys and goodies on his sleigh
And every mother's child is gonna spy
To see if reindeer really know how to fly

And so we're offering this simple phrase
To kids from one to ninety-two
Although it's been said many times
Many ways, Merry Christmas to you

And so we're offering this simple phrase
From kids from one to ninety-two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
Merry Christmas to you

[Instrumental Break]

And so I’m offering you this simple phrase
For to kids from one to ninety-two
Although it's been said many times, many ways
I wish you a merry, oh, merry Christmas
I wish you a merry, merry, merry, merry Christmas
Oh you can have a merry, merry
Merry Christmas to you
Oh Merry Christmas to you
Na na na na, na, na, na, na, na

Silent night, holy night!
All is calm, all is bright
Round yon Virgin, Mother and Child
Holy Infant so tender and mild
Sleep in heavenly peace
Sleep in heavenly peace

Silent night, holy night!
Shepherds quake at the sight
Glories stream, streams from heaven above
Heavenly hosts sing halleluia!
Christ our savior is born
Oh Christ, Christ the savior is born
I know, I know, I know, I know
I know that I know that
Christ our savior is my savior
I know, I know, I know, I know
I’m so glad he’s my savior
Don’t you know he’s your savior?
Christ our savior
My savior
Our savior
Know, know
Our savior, our savior

[Intro]
Why do you want to waste your life away?
It’s a shame
It’s a shame
It’s a shame

[Verse 1]
Anyone can learn to fly
Keep your head up
Keep your hand held high
Now, anyone can learn to soar
Get yourself up
'Cuz you deserve more

[Pre-Chorus]
Hold on to your heart
You can make a brand new start
Just believe in your dreams
Make yourself feel loved and be happy

[Chorus]
It’s a shame
The way you live your life is a shame
And you got no one to blame
It’s a shame
The way you live your life is a shame
And you got no one to blame

[Verse 2]
Anyone can learn to fly
Keep your head up
Keep your hand held high
Now, anyone can learn to soar
Get yourself up
'Cuz you deserve more

[Pre-Chorus]
Hold on to your heart
You can make a brand new start
Just believe in your dreams
Make yourself feel loved and be happy

[Chorus]
It’s a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
And you got no one to blame

It’s a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
And you got no one to blame

[Post-Chorus]
It’s a shame (Just believe in it, Just a little bit)
It’s a shame (Just believe in it, Just a little bit)
It’s a shame (Just believe in it, Just a little bit)
It’s a shame (Just believe in it, Just a little bit)

[Bridge]
All dressed up
And nowhere to go
So much to give
So little to show
For yourself

It’s your life
You don’t get to live it twice
But can’t be afraid to fall
So much to give
And still you try to hide
You don’t have to do it all

But It’s a shame (Just believe in it)
(Just, just, just believe in it)
(Just believe in it)
(Just, just believe in it)
It’s a shame
(Just believe in it)
(Just, just, just believe in it)
(Just believe in it)
(Just, just believe in it)

[Pre-Chorus]
So hold on to your heart
You can make a brand new start
Just believe in your dreams
Make yourself feel loved and be happy

[Chorus]
It’s a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
And you got no one to blame

It’s a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, just a little bit)
And you got no one to blame

[Bridge]
All dressed up
And nowhere to go
So much to give
So little to show
For yourself

It’s a shame (Just a little bit, Just, just believe in it)
It's a shame (Just a little bit, Just, just believe in it)
It’s a shame (Just a little bit, Just, just believe in it)
It’s a shame (Just a little bit, Just, just believe in it)
It’s a shame (Just a little bit, Just, just believe in it)

[Chorus]
It’s a shame
(Just believe in it, Just a little bit)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, Just a little bit)
And you got no one to blame

It’s a shame
(Just believe in it, Just a little bit)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, Just a little bit)
And you got no one to blame

[Bridge]
All dressed up
And nowhere to go
So much to give
So little to show
For yourself

[Chorus]
It’s a shame
(Just a little bit, Just, just believe in it)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, Just, just believe in it)
And you got no one to blame

It’s a shame
(Just a little bit, just, just believe in it)
The way you live your life is a shame
(Just believe in it, just, just believe in it)
And you got no one to blame

[Outro]
Why do you want to waste your life away?
(Just believe in it)
(Just, just believe in it)
It’s a shame
(Just believe in it)
(Just, just believe in it)

(Just believe in it)
(Just, just believe in it)
(Just believe in it)
(Just, just believe in it)
I love you'sI love you, family. Dad, because you are my biggest fan, and I'll never get tired of the way you smile when I pick up a guitar and play. Mom, for being my best friend and most trusted companion, even in times when you were my only friend. That was just fine. Austin, my little brother, for being so much more brave than I could ever hope to be. My aunt, Alison, for being such a beautiful person. My aunts, uncles, cousins and relatives (even the ones I didn't know I had) for making Thanksgiving something someone should write a book about. I love my mom and dad's friends who have been so unbelievably supportive (and so unbelievably loud at my shows).  I love my friends. Abigail, I love you because you are my best friend in the entire world. Can't wait to room together when we're 65 and wrinkly and living in Minnesota. I love Ally, Kelsey, Kathryn, Jeff, Clay and all my awesome friends in Hendersonville. Britany Maack for being my first friend, I miss you! I love everyone who helped put this album together. Scott Borchetta for believing in me and actually DOING something about it. Shake and bake, Radioman. This is how we roll. Nathan Chapman because he is the most amazing red-headed freckle-faced little producer in the world and I love your beautiful wife Stephanie. Thanks Nathan for gracing me with your first album. Liz Rose, you are my songwriting soulmate, and one of my dearest friends. Robert Ellis Orrall, you Rock! Nick for breaking your drumsticks on my songs, Tim for playing on my session ON YOUR BIRTHDAY, and everyone else who played on the album because you are THAT GOOD. Chad, for your amazing mullet (and engineering skills). I love my record label. Jack Purcell, for your Minnesota accent. Mandy McCarmack, for humoring me in my mailbox obsession. Rick Barker, because I learned everything about radio in...nevermind. HAHA. Bobby Young, thanks for taking us shopping. Whitney Sutton, you are so organized and I love you for it. JZ, because of that adorable laugh/nose thing you do. Nancy Johnson, for being my GIRL and pretty much a genius. Jayme Austin for adding so much spirit to the label. Sandi Spika Borchetta, for being so creative/brilliant/beautiful and buying me pretty things to wear. Penny Laza, because you are a crazy rock star. Andrew Kautz, if I ever walk into the label, and you're NOT there, I will not know what to do with myself. Cynthia Grimson, for your amazingly dry sense of humor. Ray Pronto, for putting this Big Machine in motionnnn. I love the people who helped me get here. Arthur Buenahara, thank your for signing a FOURTEEN year old to a full writers publishing deal. I will never forget that. In fact, I love everyone at Sony Publishing. Pat Garrett and Suzy Dalton for letting my little ten-year old self open up for you.  Harry Warner, for being such a gentleman and having my back at BMI. Frank Bell for being so brutally honest about my music from the time I was like 12, and so supportive of my career NOW. Andrew Orth for 14 years of great photos! Cindy Guagenti for being the most stylish publicist in the world. Jody Williams, for listening to my rants about high school, and being such a dear friend and musicologist. HHS for supporting me 100%. Bob Taylor and Bob Borbonus at Taylor Guitars for believing in me and making perfection in the form of guitars. Mike Milom for being a genius and the best lawyer ever. Sarah, Ed, and Jim at GAC for taking such a vested interest in me, and PUTTING ME ON TV! CMT you're awesome! Trey Fanjoy, because you are such a visionary and for directing an amazing video. Pete Fisher you are amazing. Rod Essig, for believing in me from the beginning and being so passionate about what you do. I love Tim McGraw for making such inspiring music. I love Faith Hill for being the most graceful woman in the world. I love you, Jack Ingram. If at any point in my life, I ever amount to being HALF as cool as you, I will throw myself a party. I LOVE RADIO because I haven't met one person I don't consider a friend. I love all of my myspace friends for taking such an active roll in what I do, I will never forget how you all rallied for me from the beginning. I love everyone who's inspired me to write a song, whether you know it or not.  I love anyone who has ever turned the volume up when my song comes on the radio, anyone who has bought this album. Anyone who can sing along to my songs when I play them live. Anyone who's ever requested my song on the radio, or even remembered my name. If you ever see me in public, I want to meet you. I will thank you myself. You have let me into your life, and I will never be able to thank you enough for that. I love YOU, and I love God for putting you in my life

Love love love

-T-

PS: To all the boys who thought they would be cool and break my heart, guess what? Here are 11 songs written about you. HA.1. Tim McGraw
Hidden message: Can't Tell Me Nothin'

2. Picture to Burn
Hidden message: Date nice boys

3. Teardrops On My Guitar
Hidden message: He will never know

4. A Place In This World
Hidden message: I found this

5. Cold As You
Hidden message: Time to let go
6. The Outside
Hidden message: You are not alone

7. Tied Together With A Smile
Hidden message: You are loved

8.  Stay Beautiful
Hidden message: Shake n bake

9. Should've Said No
Hidden message: Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam Sam

10. Mary's Song (Oh My My My)
Hidden message: Sometimes love is forever

11. Our Song
Hidden message: Live in love

[Intro: LunchMoney Lewis]
I don't care
I don't care
I don't care
Yeah

[Chorus: LunchMoney Lewis]
You got weave in yo' hair, I don't care, I don't care
Yeah, you say you got a man, I don't care, I don't care
You got shots in yo' butt, I don't care, I don't care
Girl I still wanna fuck, I don't care, I don't care
Nope, I don't care, I don't care
Nope, I don't care, I don't care
You got shots in yo' butt, I don't care, I don't care
Girl I still wanna fuck, I don't care, I don't care

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Look me in my eyes and ya see that I don't care
And I'm lookin' at ya edges and I see that ain't ya hair
But it really don't matter cause I had her at the Mondrian
Big titties, fake ass for the ambience
So elegant, poppin' it, sellin' it
All up on ya IG in the mirror with the cell in it
Snapshot, butt shot, think not, think so
I don't really give a fuck, I want the bank hoe
Fake it 'till ya make it, shake it now get naked
You can take what I gave you as a roll and try to bake it
In the oven with the rest of the shit
While he complainin', I'm tryna the big best of the bitch

[Chorus: LunchMoney Lewis]
You got weave in yo' hair, I don't care, I don't care
Yeah, you say you got a man, I don't care, I don't care
You got shots in yo' butt, I don't care, I don't care
Girl I still wanna fuck, I don't care, I don't care
Nope, I don't care, I don't care
Nope, I don't care, I don't care
You got shots in yo' butt, I don't care, I don't care
Girl I still wanna fuck, I don't care, I don't care

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Fuckin' with this girl in the south
She had a body out this world
I ain't ever think that she would be my girl
Left the city on a mission, tryna better her position
When she did, she never came back
Chase dime bitches
So I moved on and so did she
She didn't even notice me
At the concert backstage wit' Jodeci
She had a new look, a new face, a new drum beater
And from the looks, I could tell she had been under the needle
Dr. Miami, used to be slim, now she all beef patty
Damn Tammy, I see ya got it goin' on witcha weave too
You say it's all yours, yeah I believe you

[Chorus: LunchMoney Lewis]
You got weave in yo' hair, I don't care, I don't care
Yeah, you say you got a man, I don't care, I don't care
You got shots in yo' butt, I don't care, I don't care
Girl I still wanna fuck, I don't care, I don't care
Nope, I don't care, I don't care
Nope, I don't care, I don't care
You got shots in yo' butt, I don't care, I don't care
Girl I still wanna fuck, I don't care, I don't care

[Intro]
220 get dressed up, jumped on a boat
Fuck with my locs
Breakin' the bread

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
220 on the boat, here's a toast to my folks
It's a holiday, Crip, I'ma fuck with my locs
Get dressed, so fresh, big S on my chest
Now I'm finna work, yellow Steeler shirt
501's with the Stacy Adams tips
Picture a room full of Long Beach 20 Crips
Doin' this, who in this? You in this? We in this bitch
Wish the dead homeboys was seein' this shit
Neither, none, best 20 minutes or less
It's a C-Walk contest, who do it the best?
Right your set with the feet, skip along to the beat
Represent your shit and bang out your street
For real though, king of the hill though
Run up on a nigga, you get popped like a pill yo
See I'm a dub motherfucker, and all y'all know
So if you're with it, let's get it 432-O, come on

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'

[Verse 2: Goldie Loc]
I got my 'do dirt' locs on, you better leave them gloves alone
Popped up on them blocks, 

[?]
15s rumblin', carvin' up the concrete
I go back like G-Man and SA double G, yeah
Doggie Dogg scooped a nigga up a long time ago
And said, "We gotta do this for the big 2-O", you know
Let's slap some dominos, and crack some bitches, cuz
Catch me yellin' out (what?) Trick, I been the dub
This a hood day, nigga what a good day
Where them homies , hit him and tell him let's parlae
Never outta 

[?] with  I keep the line open
Meditatin', contemplatin' the way we grind on em'
Big beefin' always told me always keep my crippin' tight
This one goes out to goats, cuh, 20 crip for life
Never ever will I switch up
My colors black and gold, all the homies throw your dubs up

[Chorus]
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
I'm shootin' like I just started
But I'ma walk up in this motherfucker cold-hearted
I know you niggas don't see me as much as you'd like
'Cause I'm out gettin' money when I'm rockin' the mic
I'm a long way from Locus Ave, my locas have
Been there with me through the good and bad
Know look, let me reminisce, and twist a fuckin' blunt to spark
I got put on, '84 at King Park
Shottin' hoops with Charlie Mo and 

[?]
With the bumblebees, real east-side G's
Then go to 

[?] and ball out for any black ass
And wait for all the bitches at Poly to get outta class
I'm poppin' at 'em from a distant, but I'm persistent
That's some 20 crip shit
See I'm a dub motherfucker and all y'all know
So if you're with it, let's get it 432-O, come on

[Chorus]
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'

[Outro]
What up cuh
Happy 220 day to you my nigga
Yeah cuh
I'm just shittin' out here my nigga, know what I'm sayin'?
Drinkin' on this Miller Genuine Draft
Feelin' real good, ye know I'm sayin'?
It's hood day today cuh
Yeah, what's y'all gon' do cuh?
Shit, my nigga
Shit, the homies gettin' together cuh
We gon' fuck with the homies two times then
Alright I'll be dressed in 'round 20 mins then cuh
Let me know the location
Ra, ra, rollin', rollin'
In a minute cuh
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'
(Me and my, me and my niggas)
(Me and my, me and my, me and my niggas) We rollin'

[Verse 1: October London]
Why you show me love like that?
Show me love babe, show me love babe
Why you kissin' up like that?
Kissin' up babe, kissin' up babe

[Pre-Chorus: October London]
You got a body that girls would die for, a smile the sun shines for
The type I might wife, call you my ride or die, go Bonnie and Clyde for
I didn't know you could love like that, move your hips like that
You know, you know, that turns me on

[Chorus: October London]
Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave, no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more
Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more and more

[Verse 2: October London]
Baby can we run it back
Run it back babe, run it back babe
Ooh, don't you run it like that
Run like that, run like that

[Pre-Chorus: October London]
You got a body that girls would die for, a smile the sun shines for
The type I might wife, call you my ride or die, go Bonnie and Clyde for
I didn't know you could love like that, move your hips like that
You know, you know, that turns me on

[Chorus: October London]
Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more
Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more and more

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Want them girl a sexy, I want to be close to you immensely
Come in my bedroom, undress me, now rub me down girl, caress me
Radio play in Paris, overlookin' the terrace
Baby blushin', she so embarrased
Got her a ring full of karats
Baguettes, pearls, and diamonds too
Treat ya right, that's what a wise man do
A bird's eye view, wit' a art from the Louvre
Kissin' on my body, sparks at the moon
Barks at the moon, like a thief in the night
Step to my left, so we keepin' it right
Keepin' it tight, livin' the life
Lovin' the night, huggin' ya tight
Ya need a Crip cuz in ya life
And that's me, ooh-wee, OG Snoopy
Let's take a walk in the sand, baby, gimme yo' hand

[Chorus: October London]
Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more and more

Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more and more

Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more and more

Let me dive down to your ocean floor
Touch you from head to toe
Baby, ride that wave no surfboard
Don't stop, no, no, give me more and more
She wears flowers around her neck
She cooks that egg so perfect
To eat it warm
To eat it warm, warm

And you sleep under her arm
Where spells fly
To the high white noise
To the highway dime

She looks that bird in the eye
Cuts his throat and bleeds him dry
To eat him warm
To eat him warm, warm

And you sleep under her arm
Where the spells fly
To the high white noise
To the highway dime

She makes milk inside her breast
She dove down to find what's left
And eat it warm
And eat it warm, warm
And you sleep under her arm
Where the spells fly
To the high white noise
To the highway dime

[Verse 1]
Daze got you locked up in a coma
Some days, got you switchin' your persona
Work hard, they should give you a diploma
Work hard, let me, let me
All night, I can do it like you wanna
All night, baby I'll be the conductor
Lay back, if you want, I'll put you under
Lay back, let me, let me

[Chorus]
Let me be your painkiller
Let me be your painkiller, killer
(Let me be your) painkiller
Let me be your painkiller, killer

[Verse 2]
So good, yeah I know that you addicted
So good, like you're bad, gettin' convicted
You're high, zero gravity, you're trippin'
You're mine, let me, let me
No one does it better than what I do
No one else can even get a preview
You're high, got you looking at the best view
You're mine, let me, let me

[Chorus]
(Let me be your) painkiller
Let me be your painkiller, killer
Let me be your painkiller
Let me be your painkiller, killer

[Verse 1]
Hey baby, you're accelerating
Got me switching up the gears
You're deadly, get in the Mercedes
Wanna take you outta here

[Refrain]
Oh, turn the key and let's roll
I don't wanna go back and forth, no back and forth
No back and forth, no no
Oh, I can do what I want
Get your body going back and forth, go back and forth
Go back and forth, you know

[Pre-Chorus]
It's my party, we can leave if you want to
Leave if you want to, leave if you want to
It's my party, we can creep if you want to
Creep if you want to, creep if you want to

[Chorus]
Come on, let's go to the second estate
Hit the code and then open the gate
You and I, we could go and escape
Outta here, outta here, outta here
It's my party, we can leave if you want to
Leave if you want to, leave if you want to

[Verse 2]
Hey baby, think you look so pretty
With your body in my sheets
I'm patient, for you, I'll keep waiting
Treat you like you are my queen

[Instrumental Break]

[Pre-Chorus]
It's my party, we can leave if you want to
Leave if you want to, leave if you want to
It's my party, we can creep if you want to
Creep if you want to, creep if you want to

[Chorus]
Come on, let's go to the second estate
Hit the code and then open the gate
You and I, we could go and escape
Outta here, outta here, outta here
It's my party, we can leave if you want to
Leave if you want to, leave if you want to

[Chorus: Post Malone]
I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies
Man, I feel just like a rockstar (star, ayy, ayy)
All my brothers got that gas
And they always be smokin' like a Rasta
Fuckin' with me, call up on a Uzi
And show up, man, them the shottas (-tas)
When my homies pull up on your block
They make that thing go grrra-ta-ta-ta

[Verse 1: Post Malone]
Cocaine on the table, liquor pourin', don't give a damn
Dude, your girlfriend is a groupie, she just tryna get in
Sayin', "I'm with the band" (ayy, ayy)
Now she actin' outta pocket, tryna grab up on my pants
Hundred bitches in my trailer say they ain't got a man
And they all brought a friend (yeah, ayy, ayy, ayy)

[Chorus: Post Malone]
I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies
Man, I feel just like a rockstar (star, ayy, ayy)
(Rockstar,rockstar,rockstar,rockstar,rockstar,rockstar)
Feel just like a rockstar (star, ayy, ayy)

[Drop]
I've been pop
I've been pop

[Verse 2: 21 Savage]
I've been in the Hills fuckin' superstars
Feelin' like a popstar
Drankin' Henny, bad bitches jumpin' in the pool
And they ain't got on no bra
Hit her from the back, pullin' on her tracks
And now she screamin' out, "¡No más!" (yeah, yeah, yeah)
They like, "Savage, why you got a twelve car garage
And you only got six cars?"

[Verse 2: Post Malone]
Cocaine on the table, liquor pourin', don't give a damn
Dude, your girlfriend is a groupie, she just tryna get in
Sayin', "I'm with the band" (ayy, ayy)
Now she actin' outta pocket, tryna grab up on my pants
Hundred bitches in my trailer say they ain't got a man
And they all brought a friend (yeah, ayy)

[Chorus: Post Malone & 21 Savage]
I've been poppin' pillies feel just like a rockstar
(Rockstar, feel just like)
(Rockstar, feel just like a rockstar)
Man, I feel just like a rockstar
(Rockstar, rockstar, rockstar, rockstar, rockstar, rockstar)
Feel just like a rockstar

[Drop]
I've been pop
I've been pop
Coming through the back door
Do you see me girl?
I feel my fingers breaking
Combing through your curls
Her head is like the ocean
Comes and goes with the tide
Her body is a pillow
Only there in the night

Gliding down the concrete
I wanna shake my stuff
She wants to meet me later
I told her sure enough
I wanna walk beside you
I wonder what it'd be like
I'll put it down right on you
And we can talk some jive

[Intro]
Chronic
Hocus Pocus
Indo
Chocolate thai
Backyard boogie
Stress
Pretendo
The dizz-ank
So whatchu want me to do?

[Chorus]
Smoke, smoke on
Smoke on, smoke on
Smoke, smoke, smoke on
Smoke on, smoke on

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
Ya see way back in the days when 

[?] was on
I'd wake up in the mornin' just to get my come up on
It was me and my cousin sleepin' in the same bed
Smokin' on the same bud, givin' up that family love
And it wun't no muthafuckin' thang
To push a lil' caine on the side while I gangbanged
That's what my hustle was about
It was 17 niggas in a lil' ass house
Destined, questin' to be on top
We was broke as a muthafucka out to plot
Not, knowin', what's finna pop
I'm sellin' tapes and cavy on the dope spot
Whatever it takes to get it laid
Cause I don't like to dream about gettin' paid
So I guess you could say I'm blessed
So hold a toast to my success
Lets get our smoke on

[Chorus]
Smoke, smoke on
Smoke on, smoke on
Smoke, smoke, smoke on
Smoke on, smoke on

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Another day, another dollar for the S, I guess I'm blessed
Since I'm young and black wit' success it's stress
To a nigga mind sometime, but then again
I think of all the homies stretched in the pen
Doin' time just to get on swole
I ain't forgot about you niggas, shit I'm still on parole
But uh, in the meantime I watch yo' back
Send you some snaps and give ya woman a dope sack
And when ya finally get out the do'
Put yo' mind on yo' money and know whatchu out fo'
Check yo' game and put yo' law down
Ya see, real niggas stay up while punk niggas fall down
It's only right for me to tell you dis
Buy game when it's sold, but I ain't tryna sell you dis
A lil' somethin' from the muthafuckin' Dogg
I'm bought up and caught up, back to the chronic smog

[Chorus]
Smoke, smoke on
Smoke on, smoke on
Smoke, smoke, smoke on
Smoke on, smoke on

[Verse]
No friendly warfare, this ain't wrestlin'
There's nothin' staged over here, you're trippin' Mescaline
Drinkin', coulda got smacked for what he thinkin'
Coulda said the word, then whack! Abe Lincoln
And still spend stacks off crack, stay crinklin'
This game's built to get got while blinkin'
Rappers do big up jail like a recruiter
Let 'em tend ta hit a boy, said he was a shooter
Told him "Man up, or keep it pushin' like a scooter"
Then said nuttin' and didn't pass the Buddha
Lo and behold, police shows up
Spit his shitty sixteen and got his self froze up, up
His story had a moral, it's buried in the soil
Vil put it in her back like the epidural
Kids: eat, sleep, stay away from creeps
Spit it from the heart, this game's for keeps
So peep
Yeah, saga of a true B-Boy
Beware any likenesses or imagery is a decoy
Sho nuff, yo fluff, force like Bruce Leroy
Bring trouble up and get double cut— keloid
Bubble up, run 'em up, destroy
And anything else you see— void
Rightful ownership
Got a bone to pick with the phoniest colonialist
Who own a ship
The loneliest known to rip
Known to sip pine and ripple
Find yourself in a bind and pickle
Don't bite the hand that feeds you, bite the nipple
In this land of black and brown, ain't no backin' down
As foul as that sound, it's hard to find a cap and gown
But it's always like a MAC around
B-r-r-r-r-at!! Man down
Metal is empowered, devil is a coward
It all smells of high hell like no one ever showered
Scrub behind ya ears, shed the final tears
Remember what the world was like in the final years
Just a speck of dirt in the universe, snap fingers
Just like that— assume the worst
Back in business, guzzle beers, track and fitness
Laps get faster, could've missed Christmas
What is this?

[Outro]
Reign
Reign
Reign
Reign

[Intro]
One, two

[Chorus]
Moon river, wider than a mile
I'm crossing you in style someday
A dream maker (Maker)
My heart (You heart) breaker
Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' that way (The same)

[Refrain]
Two drifters off to see the world
There's such a crazy world to see
We're all chasin' after all the same
Chasin' after our ends

[Chorus]
Moon river, wider than a mile
Crossin' in style someday
My dream maker, heartbreaker
Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' the same

[Refrain]
Two drifters off to see the world
It's such a crazy world you'll see
What I see, who I become
What I see, who I become
We're all chasin' after our ends
Chasin' after our ends

[Outro]
Life's just around the bend, my friend
Moon river and me

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar

[Verse 1]
Brookie, he rookie, he want the cookie, the cookie
I think you thirsty, you milkin' it, tryna crook me, mistook me
For something sweet, and you're right, but I can't be that tonight
Love had her shavin' it clean, but now that pussy on Wookiee, boy
Go and handle your part, caught you with hands in that jar
Suckin' that sweet tooth, that canker sore, too low, need to crank it more
And you know you've been savin' for all them bitches who pay you more
He call me Oreo, break it and lick the flavor off, and

[Chorus]
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar

[Post-Chorus]
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that
Baby

[Verse 2]
Everybody like, "Notice me, Senpai"
Y'all niggas all woe is me, woe is me
On the billboard, that's me Senpai
Y'all niggas ain't cold as me
Hold my hoops, knock it out cold, all these hands tied
I fight for the cause, and tight with ya broad
'Cause I can afford that, drama come, I ignore that
Fuck talkin', she record that, Pokémon Go, you Snorlax
Swear they been sleepin' on me, I give you Hollywood tease
Breakfast at Tiffany's, ain't got a reason to be seein' me
You seein' all that's to see, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar

[Post-Chorus]
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar, yuh

[Verse 3]
Boy I know that you need that choco-chip
I got extra taco but you better bring that macho grip
Not gon' fuck around, you had me fooled, thinkin' you not gon' slip
It's my modern life, make me wanna find some Rocko dick
I will dig it up and bring that shit back like some moccasins
You don't want these problems, fuck a promise, I will not forget
I thought love was blind but you lookin', tryna find a trick fine as this
You won't get these sweets again, like Violet, you childish

[Chorus]
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar
Boy what you lookin' for? You know where them cookies are
Yeah, I caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar

[Post-Chorus]
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Oh-ooh-oh, and what, you lookin' for it?
Caught yo' ass red-handed in that cookie jar, yuh

[Chorus]
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
If you're down, boy, really down
Baby, let me watch you go to town
It's your one chance, baby, never or now, yeah
Let me see you go to town, baby
Go to town, yeah
Baby, let me watch you go to town
It's your one chance, baby, never or now, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey

[Chorus]
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Go to town with it
And she shave it all off, Charlie Brown with it
Lookin' all around, all them other girls sound fishy
He ain't ever caught a whiff, that's why he down with it, yeah
Bitch, I'm tellin' you, this incredible
This shit edible
It's like caramel, kiss my genital
Mine taste medical (Mayday)
Her's like chemicals (Ayy, ayy)
If he gay though, when he taste that shit, turn hetero
(Oh my God)
Can you see that she need kneepads?
I'm a bad bitch, fuck a pee-pad
Full of shit, if he don't eat it, he a D-bag
He could use a submarine, I'll call him seaman

[Pre-Chorus]
If you're down, boy, really down
Baby, let me watch you go to town
It's your one chance, baby, never or now, yeah
Let me see you go to town, baby
Go to town, yeah
Baby, let me watch you go to town
It's your one chance, baby, never or now, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey

[Chorus]
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
D to the TF, got your BF in my DM
Got him all up in my hair
But it's not all mine, 'cause a bitch love FreeTress, look, look
Baby, don't lie, 'cause I can't believe my eyes
And her man between my thighs, whole time, yeah, I do my DIYs
And it's clean but messy like a pizza
Spend time on the donkey, even though I yeehaw
Call it chunky monkey, I be textin' peaches
He text me an eggplant, I text him a peanut

[Pre-Chorus]
If you're down, boy, really down
Baby, let me watch you go to town
It's your one chance, baby, never or now, yeah
Let me see you go to town, baby
Go to town, yeah
Baby, let me watch you go to town
It's your one chance, baby, never or now, yeah, yeah, yeah, hey

[Chorus]
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
(Baby, see you go down)
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
(Baby, see you go down)
Let me see you go to town
Go down, go down, go down, yeah
(Baby, see you go down)
Let me see you go to town, yeah
Go down, go down, go down, yeah, yeah, yeah
(Baby, see you go)

[Intro]
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico

[Verse 1]
Last night I had to leave the party
I don’t know how to talk to you
With people watching
They don’t know how it feels
To be afraid to touch, the one you want the most

[Pre-Chorus]
Escape
(no puedo bailar con estos gringos tontos)
We can’t escape
(No puedo festejar con estos tontos gringos)

[Chorus]
I want to love you a specific way
This is code for meet me in Mexico
I want you to love me a specific way
Can’t we go down to Mexico

[Post-Chorus]
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico

[Verse 2]
I lost my faith in everyone who leads us
I still believe in love in Guadalajara

[Pre-Chorus]
Escape
(no puedo bailar con estos gringos tontos)
We can’t escape
(No puedo festejar con estos tontos gringos)

[Chorus]
I want to love you a specific way
This is code for meeting in Mexico
I want you to love me a specific way
Can we go down to Mexico

[Post-Chorus]
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico

[Bridge]
I can’t dance with these dumb americans
(No puedo bailar con estos gringos tontos)
I can’t party with these dumb americans
(No puedo festejar con estos tontos gringos)
I can’t dance with these dumb americans
(No puedo bailar con estos gringos tontos)
I can’t party with these dumb americans
(No puedo festejar con estos tontos gringos)

[Chorus]
I want to love you a specific way
This is code for meeting in Mexico
I want you to love me a specific way
Can we go down to Mexico

[Post-Chorus]
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Oh, oh, oh, Mexico
Lyrics from Snippet

[Intro: Madonna]
...back in town

[Hook: Kanye West & Madonna]
We only making the highlights
Baby, I'm back in town
I want my whole life to only be highlights
We only making the highlights
I want my whole life to only be highlights

[Refrain: Kanye West]
Highlights

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'ma wanna play this shit back, I don't know
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo
I just shot an amateur video, I think I should go pro

[Hook: Kanye West & Madonna]
We only making the highlights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
I want my whole life to only be highlights
We only making the highlights
Baby, I'm back in town
I want my whole life to only be highlights

[Interlude: Kanye West]
Uh (Highlights)
Shine like me
(I live my life on the highlights, highlights)
(Oh no, gotta play this shit back)

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Ain't gon'... 

[?]

[?]
Whoever did her hair and makeup definitely need a pay cut
She went from Ds to an A-cup
Tryna get it to a J-cup

[?] we're 

[?]

[?] more 

[?] more 

[?]

[?]

[?] three-some
That was 'posed to be your money, wasn't it?
That was 'posed to be your honey, wasn’t it? (We only making the highlights)

[?]

[?]

[?]

[?] bubbly

[?]
Thump thump, and a thump, you're stuck with me

[?]
Up now (Oh no, gotta play this shit back)
Oh no, bum bum bum bum
Good looks, good love
Good mmm good 

[?]
Good 

[?], good 

[?]

[Verse 1]
Mr. Tillman, good to see you again
There's a few outstanding charges just before we check you in
Let's see here, you left your passport in the mini fridge
And the message with the desk says here the picture isn't his
And oh, just a reminder about our policy:
Don't leave your mattress in the rain if you sleep on the balcony
Okay, did you and your guests have a pleasant stay?
What a beautiful tattoo that young man had on his face
And, oh, will you need a driver out to Philly?
Jason Isbell's here as well and he seemed a little worried about you

[Chorus]
I'm feeling good, damn, I'm feeling so fine
I'm living on a cloud above an island in my mind
Oh, baby, don't be alarmed, this is just my vibe
No need to walk around, no, it's not too bad a climb

[Verse 2]
Mr. Tillman, for the seventh time
We have no knowledge of a film that is being shot outside
Those aren't extras in a movie; they're our clientele
No, they aren't running lines and they aren't exactly thrilled
Would you like a regalo on the patio?
Is there someone we can call?
Perhaps you shouldn't drink alone

[Chorus]
I'm feeling good, damn, I'm feeling so fine
I'm living on a cloud above an island in my mind
Oh, baby, don't be alarmed, this is just my vibe
No need to walk around, no, it's not too bad a climb
The sun is Down
The Shades are drawn
And the light behind your eyes is gone

I know things aren't quite the same
And it really is a crying shame
As a small hand slowly creeps
I hear the voice that never sleeps
I think we should gain control
And not fall into that black hole

Take my hand
Take my hand
Take my hand
Take my hand

I think we both need it
I think we both need it

Sitting by myself
At four in the morning
Feeling one of those feelings
That strikes without warning
You know as far as i can tell
Lately you've looked down as hell
The more and more that time moves on
You might like to have someone

Take my hand
Take my hand
Take my hand
Take my hand

I think we both need it
I think we both need it
I think we both need it
I think we both need it

[Intro]
One, one, two, two, two

[Verse]
Keep your mind on your mask, kid, holler for my classics
It's drastic, Villain, the hydrochloric acid
Splashed it, pulled the nine, reached then he blasted
Pow! Ten stripes on a basket
New York-style wild, cheddar grab easy
It's only entertainment though when thought out completely
Sad demeanor could get him the drop and bag cleaner
Master schemer, expert in that arena
Puffin' Pasadena, you read the grass was greener
Black Beamer, i8, she gyrate
Rubbing shoulders of pigs who don't fly straight
*clears throat* Just ate, causing indigestion
Will soon regurgitate, into profits, no question
Nosy agent sniffing around, pay attention
You can take that to the bank, thanks, don't mention
Pleasure's all mine, I ain't mad at y'all
Clear advantage like playing paddle ball on Adderall
Be brief, that is all
Aight, one more rhyme
Self-snitching rappers whose lines is pure pork rinds
It's yours, it's his, mine
Your homework space cubical, smirk face crucible
Superluminal, goose wool, loose pull
Need to re-roll that, he sold stat old hat
And Dungarees, new shoes for baby
Food, clothing, and shelter, no if and's or maybes
Maintain the gravy train, laid claims of slavery
Bad investment banking, the best went blanking
Shitting, stanking
Witnessing the slang king, hypnotist ranking
And don't quit
Keep your mind on your mask, kid
Holler for my classics, it's drastic
DOOM, hydrochloric acid, splashed it
Pull the Nine, reached then blasted, Pow!

[Verse 1]
Baby girl when was it that you had decided
Oh, you’d call it off and on
You were just having fun
With loving one last time

[Pre-Chorus]
Still I’d catch you when the days through
At my side passing by
Wishin' someday you’d make up your mind

[Chorus]
Alone, alone again on valentine
Oh, alone, alone again on valentine

[Verse 2]
Honey bee was it your buzzin’ I adored?
You’ve stung me twice before
I kept coming back
Kept coming back for more

[Pre-Chorus 2]
Always reminded
Of the days when
You were my
Cherry lime
(My cherry lime)
Finding our own worlds getting lost
You and I

(Long gone an) Old friend of mine
A blue moons on the rise
No one I'd rather have
Beside me tonight

[Chorus]
Oh, alone, alone again on valentine
Oh, oh, oh
Alone, alone again on valentine

[Snoop Dogg]
Ayo Tim Spielberg
Let's make a muthafuckin' movie
You know man
I've been doin' this shit for like 25, 26 years
And one thing about the game
The game don't change
Just the playas
So what I wanna do right now
I wanna shoot a shoutout
To all the famous playas, globally
Ya dig?
If youse a famous playa, this is for you
220, ya dig?
A lil' somethin' to ride to
My nigga Tim Spielberg on the track
This is a EP
From your favorite rapper's rapper
Bigg Snoop Dogg
And I know ya gonna dig this
Hahaha, yeah
Oh yeah, I can't forget about the ladies
All the ladies out there that's been down with the Dogg for so long
I love you too baby
Oh ya momma love me too?
Wassup momma?
Mmm-mmm, I see where ya get it from
Yeah
So what we gon' do right here
We gon' slow it down just a tad bit
And get this EP kicked off
220 from Bigg Snoop Dogg
Understand me?
Understood

[Verse 1]
People, we're only people
There's not much anyone can do, really do about that
But it hasn't stopped us yet
People, we know so little about ourselves
But just enough to wanna be nearly anybody else
How does that add up?

[Chorus]
Oh, friends, all my friends
Oh, I hope you're somewhere smiling
Just know I think about you more kindly than you and I have ever been
And I'll see you the next time around the bend

[Verse 2]
People, what's the deal?
You've been hurt
And I've been hurt
But what do we do now?
People, we're only people
There ain't a thing one person can ever change about that

[Chorus]
Oh, friends, all my friends
Oh, I hope you're somewhere smiling
Just know I think about you more kindly than you and I have ever been
And I'll see you the next time around the bend

[Outro]
I think the end of it all may look a lot like the beginning
We're passed around from hand to hand
Screaming for no particular reason
The company gets pretty thin
So we start to shed all our distinctions
So why not me?
Why not you?
Why not now?
Hendrix debuted his new trio onstage on New Year's Eve 1969, and this live souvenir reveals a more soulful group at the core. The highlight is his 12-minute "Machine Gun," flaming guitar pyrotechnics taken to the extrem

[Interlude: Snoop Dogg & Chris Bolton]
Church say amen (Amen!)
Can everyone please open up your bibles and turn to the chapter of love?
I just want to say
We thank you, Lord
I just want to say
Thank you Lord
And for all the things that you have done
Have done

[Refrain]
I got so much
To love God for
Say it again
I got so much
To love God for

[Verse 1]
I love you for the cloudy days, yeah
For the stars you send my way

[Refrain]
I got so much
To love God for
I got so much
I got so much
Oh lord, I believe
I got so much
I believe I got so much
To love, to love, to love God
I got so much
Yes I do, to love
To love God for
I got so much
Ooh
To love God for
I got so
I got so much
So much to love God for

[Verse 2]
I love your fall
My cloudy days
For the time I couldn't even fall down on my knees and pray

[Refrain]
I got so much
I got so much
To love God for
I got so much
To love
To love God for
And I wake up early in the morning, yeah
I got so much
Ooh
To love God for
Somebody know what I'm singing about to see
I got so much
I got so much
To love God for
When I'm looking in a mirror, yeah
I got so much
I just gotta say, thank you Jesus
To love God for
I got so much
So much love
To love God for

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
Heavenly Father, I wanna thank you for what you've done for me
In my life, I try so hard to be faithful, and I am faithful to you
And my soul just running away to you, and I want you to grab my hand and hold me
I know, I know, I know
One of these days, I'm gonna run away to you
Yes I am
Whoah, yes I am

[Chorus: Snopp Dogg]
Make me wanna run away
Pack my bags and get away
On my knees at night, I pray
That we will live another day
You always got something to say

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
In the kitchen with my kinfolk, cookin'
They say the devil always show up when you're not lookin'
That's why I'm doing God's work
I'll hook 'em with the scripture
Then bring it all to life so everyone can get the picture
I'm withcha (Oh)
See, this is for my folks who hold the fence up
The preachers, ministers, deacons, ushers and the sisters (What?)
My granny used to say "Give us our daily bread"
She put it in my heart, and now it's in my head

[Chorus: Snopp Dogg]
Make me wanna run away
Pack my bags and get away
On my knees at night, I pray
That we will live another day
You always got something to say

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
I'm at the park, playin' ball with the children
Providing the league so I can help restore the feeling
It's a blessing to give back, so let's keep giving it
Walk by faith, and showing how we livin' it (Livin')
Lovin' it, avoiding the hate
Shout out to Ruth for giving birth to Nate
That's my homeboy's momma
We was raised in the Church
We take God with us
Do right, don't fight
Or try to squab with us
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
And that's fact, truth mane
The Gospel
Sittin' on the corner, tryna figure the fall
You done got too high, now you're feeling so low
I'm just a nobody, tryna tell everybody
About somebody who can save anybody
I remember what my Grandma said, "Give us our daily bread"
It's in my heart, and my head

[Chorus: Snopp Dogg]
Make me wanna run away
Pack my bags and get away
On my knees at night, I pray
That we will live another day
You always got something to say

[Intro]
For those of you that don't have anything to believe in
This song right here's for you
I'm here to tell you the power of somebody I know personally
Listen to me

[Chorus]
There is power
Glory, faith and strength
In Jesus

[Verse 1]
If you enjoyed waking up with that food on your table, say amen
If you enjoyed putting money in your pocket, say amen
If you know God is able to cure anything, say amen
If you know that he's able and willing to cure you, say amen

[Chorus]
There is power
Glory, faith and strength
In Jesus

[Verse 2]
Don't you enjoy waking up in the morning, period
Say yeah
And I know you gotta love when you're sick, and the doctor say it ain't serious, say yeah
It could be worse, you could be hurt, living in the streets, under a bridge
Don't shoot the messenger, just tell it like it is

[Verse 3]
I'm sorry y'all, I'm just telling it like it is
I'm just speaking my mind on behalf of the Lord
And I wanna let you know, you need to get on your knees and pray and thank Him for everything, no matter what situation

[Chorus]
There is power
Glory, faith and strength
In Jesus

[Pre-Chorus: Uncle Chucc & The Zion Messengers]
Soon I will be done
With the trouble of the world
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

Soon I will be done
With the trouble of this world
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

Soon I will be done
With all this sickness and pain
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

Soon I will be able
To see my Jesus face
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)

[Chorus :Uncle Chucc & The Zion Messengers]
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)
I 

[d/w]on't know about you
I'm going home (Going home to Jesus)
Yeah, I'm going home (Going home with the Lord)
I'm going home (Going home to Jesus)
One of old days (Going home with Jesus)
Won't ever cry (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home to Jesus)
(Yeah) Going home, (Going home), Going home
This world (I'm going home)
Is not my home (I'm going home)
One of these days (I'm going home)
The doctor will (I'm going home)
Clean my tongue (I'm going home)
To the roof of my mouth (I'm going home)
Tape my eyes (I'm going home)
My eyelids, yeah (I'm going home)
That's when (I'm going home)
I make my transition (I'm going home)
Going home (I'm going home)
To see Jesus (I'm going home)
I'm going home (I'm going home)
To see Jesus (I'm going home)
Oh, I'm going (I'm going home with Jesus)
Will you beat me (I'm going home with Jesus)
Will you meet me there (I'm going home with Jesus)
I'm living on edge (I'm going home with Jesus)

[Outro: Uncle Chucc & The Zion Messengers]
Soon I will be done
With the troubles of the world
I'm going home (Going home with Jesus)
I'm going home (Going home)
With the Lord (With the Lord)
Good evening, good evening

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
Peace signs, can ya put 'em up
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
One time, can ya put 'em up
One, two, one, two
One two, one, two
If ya hear it on the radio, turn it up
Huh, don't front sunshine feelin' real good

[Verse 1: Kim Burrell + Snoop Dogg]
It's just another, just another day that the Lord has (kept me, kept me)
It was no goodness of my own
It was You and You alone
You deserve all the glory
Peace signs in the sky if ya feel good

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
Was a time when a storm came in my life
Didn't know which way to turn, to the left or right
Out the corner of my eye, saw a little light
Flickerin' like a flame in the darkest night

[Pre-Chorus: Kim Burrell]
It's almost mornin'
Just let the sun, sunshine in
Sunshine in

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
Peace signs, can ya put 'em up (can ya put 'em up yeah)
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
One time, can ya put 'em up
One, two, one, two (one, two, one two, one two)
One two, one, two
If ya hear it on the radio, turn it up
Huh, don't front sunshine feelin' real good

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
A lotta people do me wrong, but I wanna do the right thing (right thing)
Sit back with my pedal on the medal and I'm cruisin' on the highway
While you passin' out blessin's on your people
Lord, shoot a  blessin' my way

[Pre-Chorus: Kim Burrell]
And my good days outweigh my bad days
And I won't complain
You knew from the beginning
That sometimes you might feel alone
But don't look now it's almost...
Mornin'
Just let the sunshine in
The sunshine in yeah
Sunshine in
No-ooo-ooo

[Chorus: Snoop]
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
Peace signs, can ya put 'em up (can you put 'em up again)
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
One time, can ya put 'em up (can you put 'em up again)
One, two, one, two
One two, one, two
If ya hear it on the radio, turn it up
Huh, don't front - sunshine feelin' real good

[Bridge: Snoop Dogg]
You bring the sun out
You bring the sun out, sunshine
You bring the sun out
You bring the sun out, sunshine
Sunshine-ine, sunshine-ine
You bring the sun out
Don't front, you know this sunshine feels good...
In my hood

[Pre-Chorus: Kim Burrell]
There's sometimes you might feel alone
But don't look now, it's almost...
Mornin'
Just let the sun, the sunshine in, the sunshine in
Sunshine in
Ooh-ooaa-oh

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg]
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
Peace signs, can ya put 'em up  (can you put 'em up again)
One, two, one, two
One, two, one, two
One time, can ya put 'em up (can you put 'em up again)
One, two, one, two
One two, one, two
If ya hear it on the radio, turn it up
Huh, don't front - sunshine feelin' real good

[Verse 1: Charlie Wilson]
It's just one more day
The lord has kept me (woah-woah-woah)
Oh, don't rush, keep the pace
I'm focused on my goal
I need to tell the story, yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Charlie Wilson]
Get together in a state to make me great
Even when I fell flat on my face
You gave me grace
Lord knows that, I haven't been an angel and I'm no saint
But I'll always take the time to give you face
For all you've done for me

[Chorus: Choir + (Charlie Wilson)]
One more day (one more day)
One more day (God)
God has given us (one more day)
One more day (one more day)
One more day (come on children)
One more day (God)
God has given us (one more day)
One more day (God)
God has given us (one more)
One more

[Verse 2: Charlie Wilson + (Choir)]
It's just one more day
That the lord has kept me (woah-oah-oah)
And I take this special moment (special moment)
To tell you about my life, the ups and downs
You don't know the half, it was almost a wrap for me

[Pre-Chorus: Charlie Wilson]
Get together in a state to make me great
Even when I fell flat on my face
You gave me grace
Lord knows that, I haven't been an angel and I'm no saint
But I'll always take the time to give you face
For all you've done for me

[Chorus: Choir + (Charlie Wilson)]
One more day (ooh-wee)
One more day (oh-a)
God has given us (one more day)
One more day (can you sing it again?)
One more day (oh-oh, one more)
One more day (God)
God has given us (has given us)
One more day (sing it again)
God has given us (one more)
One more (one more day)

[Verse 3: Charlie Wilson]
He picked me up
And he turned me around
And he placed my feet
And I'm looking pretty good right now
First crackhead, that you ever did see

[Refrain: Charlie Wilson + (Choir)]
But listen, I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
It's gonna be alright (it's gon' be alright)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
It's gonna be alright (it's gon' be alright)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
It's gonna be alright (it's gon' be alright)
With you by my side (you by my side)
We gonna win the fight (we gon' win the fight)
Oh, I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
It's gonna be alright (it's gon' be alright)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
It's gonna be alright (woah-woah-woah)
With you by my side (you by my side)
We gonna win the fight (we gon' win the fight)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
It's gonna be alright (it's gon' be alright)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
It's gonna be alright (it's gon' be alright)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
I got a feeling (I got a feeling)
I got a feeling, feeling, yee, yeah
Oh-oh, yeah
For those who don't know just what to do
Here's the Bible of love for you
Let it be a blessing every day
Every step of the way
You don't have to be in fear of rejection
Know that it's only God's direction
No matter the religion or your faith
It's the Bible of love
Bible of love, Bible of love
Till the haters get the message
Bible of love, Bible of love, Bible of Love

[Verse 1]
I know, they mighta told you
That you had to trust like this and pray like that
You might feel that all you done, that's going too far (Going too far)
I just want you to know, that God's not tripping on your clothes
He is more concerned about your soul and your heart
We 

[?] We both got saved
I don't have a Heaven or Hell, to get you in my friend
(He loves us all) Yes, he does (He love me, He)
So give him your heart, it's a very good start
And come as you are

No matter if you're from the street
Repent your sense of honestly
Just come as you are (Come as you are)
Don't have to drive a fancy car, or dress like your a movie star
Just come as you are (Come as you are)
Over here, you have a voice
Rejoice and make a joyful noise
Come as you are (Come as you are)
Give him all the glory, we can live and tell the story
Come on, come as you are (Come as you are)
Wherever you comin' from, *let's lift our hands as one*
And praise the Lord together
He'll tell us well done, we're all his daughters and sons
Let's make the world much better
Just come as you are

I know, you told him you was leavin'
I know, They called you a Heathen
I know, and nobody said wait child don't go
I know, you know what to believe in
I know, cuz the preacher ain't reaching
I know, and the teacher ain't teaching
I know, yeah (you know)
I know, that when you wake up
You know, that it's not your own air that your breathing
You know, when you think it over, that's he's brought ya over
So it don't matter what people say, just come on

No matter if you're from the street
Repent your sense of honesty (Repent and be honest)
Just come as you are (Come as you are)
(Come as you are) (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Don't have to drive a fancy car (no no), or dress like your a movie star (hey)
Just come as you are (Come as you are) (yeah) (Come as you are) (Oh) Over here, you have a voice (come on it's your voice)
Rejoice and make a joyful noise (A)
Come as you are (Come as you are) (Come as you are)
Give him all the glory, (yeah) we can live and tell the story (yes ah ah)
Come on, come as you are (Come as you are) (Come as you are)
Wherever you comin' from, *let's lift our hands as one*
And praise the Lord together
He'll tell us well done, we're all his daughters and sons
Let's make the world much better
Just come as you are
Everyone's welcome to come
There's room for everyone
That's why we sing dis' song
You could be the one, if you want to come
Everybody's welcome to come (oh yea)
There's room for everyone (Yes it is)
That's why we sing dis' song
You could be the one, if you want to come (come, come on)

You could bring your problems (like us)
I know that we can solve them (we could)
(Please, please)
It's gonna be okay, He's gonna wash all of your sins away
You are never too far
You can come find him from wherever you are
Come oh, just come as you are

No matter if you're from the street
(If your from the street)
Repent your sense of honestly
(Just turn around, and just come as you are)
Just come as you are (Come as you are) (oh yeah)
Don't have to drive a fancy car
(Don't care what your driving)
Or dress like your a movie star
(Care what your wearing)
Just come as you are (Come as you are) (Come as you are)
He loves you
Somebody loves ya
Come ooo, Come ooo
Come on (yeah)
Come on home, Come on home
Cuz Daddy loves you
He loves ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Ye-yeah, Yes sir
Somebody love ya (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Come on home
Come on home now, (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Come on

[Intro: James Wright]
Come on and sit down baby
I'm gonna tell you a story
I want to tell you a story about a man that's been so good to me
And when telling this story
I hope it bless you
Because I want you to sit your kids down, and tell them this story

[Verse 1: James Wright]
Back when I was a little boy, you see
My life wasn't always perfect (perfect)
I remember my grandma praying
And she said one day it'll be worth it (worth it)
She said, "Sit yourself down and listen to me
And let me tell you a little story
This story won't take to long
But I'ma tell you about his glory,"
She said

[Chorus: James Wright]
My God!
Is the man that died for me
My God!
Said he gave me victory
My God!
Will supply your every need
My God!
His love is all I need

[Verse 2: James Wright]
I said it happened sixty years ago
When I was washed up in his blood
Saved my soul and he set me free
Now I'm praising the lord above
I never thought that I could change
Until he saved a wretch like me
Now I'm here to tell the story
So that that you will be set free!

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
Well once upon a time in the Church of God
There was sinners and saints
Evens to odds
Do's and don'ts
Wills and won'ts
The haves to the have-nots
Will be sittin' up front
Gettin' the sermon up close

[?] the reverend 

[?] the offerings
We live in a benevolent lifetime, so stay right
I'm preachin' 'em teachin' 'em givin' em more than a look
My granny raised me right about the Good Book

[Chorus: James Wright]
I said, My God!
Is the man that died for me
My God!
Said he gave me victory
My God!
Will supply your every need
My God!
His love is all I need
My God!
Is the man that died for me
My God!
Said he gave me victory
My God!
Will supply your every need
My God!
His love is all I need

[Patti LaBelle]
I should wear it
I should wear a crown when it's all over
When it's all over
I should wear a crown
I should wear a big ol crown, yes
When it's all over
When it's all over
I shall see his face
I shall see his face
When it's all over
Over, yes
Over, over, over
I'm gon spread, I'm gon spread gon spread, gon spread my wings
When it's, when it's, when it's, when it's all over
When it's all over
I'm gonna put on my robe
Tell the story how I made it over, how I made it over
This is my story, this is my story
Can't wait to cross the river
How I made it over, gon wear my crown
I'm gonna put on my robe
Tell the story how I made it over, how I made it over
I'm gonna see my Lord, my father, my sisters, and brother
I, I, I, I, shall
I'll get home, home, home

[Intro]
Excuse me
Excuse me real quick, thank you
Hello, hello
Yes, yes
Hey um, how ya doin' mam?
I, I'm sorry I, I don't have it now
But I was prayin' that maybe...

[Fred Hammond]
Wait a minute yeah
I got caught up in some mess
Thought I knew what I was doin'
Got my friends and family stressin'
Don't know how to keep this train movin'
Rent man want his money, light bill is due
And I don't know nobody I can run to
So now I'm callin' on Jesus
And I know he'll bring me through
Woah yeah, now I'm right down on my knees
Tryna figure out how, you brought me through many 

[?]
That I'm callin' on ya now
Jesus, Jesus
Cause I know where my health comes from
So I gotta call ya with the songs in my life

[?] go by in the middle of the night
Somebody call him
Jesus, Jesus
Somebody sing it
Just like you mean it
Call him like you need him
Call him like you know him
Somebody sing it

[Fred Hammond]
Call him when my times get hard, call him when my days get rough
Lookin' for my blessin' get him down in my heart
Givin' me a brand new start, every time I call him
I don't really know about you, but I know what I've been through
Every time I call him ain't no tellin' what God can do
He did it for me, he'll do it for you
It ain't a problem, call on Jesus right away
He will hear you when you pray
And he'll brighten up your day
Woah yeah, callin' him right now
Cause I love, I love, I love to call him
I love to call him
How sweet the name, how sweet the name
I call him when I need him, call him cause I love him
I love the name, Jesus
I dare somebody to call him
Sing it, Jesus
It's alright to call him, come out and call him
Somebody call him, just like you need, just like you want him
Somebody sing it

[Snoop Dogg]
Jesus, when I'm down and out
Jesus, turn my life around
Jesus, make me scream and shout
Jesus, put my feet on solid ground
Jesus, I know you care for me
Jesus, you're always there for me
Jesus, gave me victory
Jesus, yes, he'll set you free
Jesus, Lord I testify
Jesus, you've been good to me
Jesus, always there for me
Jesus, yes, I know you care for me
Jesus, I was lost but now I'm found
Jesus, cause you turned my life around
Jesus, and I love you more today than I did yesterday

[Fred Hammond]
Call him when my days are rough
Call him when my times are hard
I'm lookin' through, glisten, I'm lookin' through my, glisten
Call on him in the midnight
When the stars are too tight
When your paper is funny
Somebody call him
To watch over yo' family, to bless yo' kids
Somebody say Jesus, somebody say Jesus
Say Jesus, say Jesus
Sing it, hit 'em wit' it
Call him when my times get bad
When I'm feelin' low and sad
He will come and lift me up
He will come and fill my cup
The name down is above, every name
Just call on him, and he will answer
I said, he will answer
Somebody know, what I'm talkin' 'bout
Just put yo' hands together one time
Jesus, somebody call him
Somebody sing it
What can I do, what can I do
To change your situation (what can I do)
What can I do to speak the whole nation
I believe (I believe that I) I can change the whole world
What can I do to make your life much better
What can I do to bring us all together
I believe I can change the world
Snoop, let em hear it

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
What will I do, what can I say
I pray the day is the day
If I can change the world, I'd probably rush your problems away
Find cures for diseases, increasing the peace
And bring the word to the people right here in the streets
So they can fill up their hearts with love, joy, no stressin'
You can hear it, it's the spirit
Yes I'm blessed, oh yes
See he's my Lord and savior
That's probably why I'm blessed and highly favored

What can I do

[Intro: Snoop Dogg]
See, a lot of you brothers and sisters
Are so busy pointing the finger at someone else
Instead of looking in the mirror at your own self

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg (Chorus)]
(I see you playing games with that smile on your face)
I see you playing games with that smile on your face
(It takes a dedicated person to run this race)
You got to be dedicated to run this race
(You're telling everybody how to live their lives)
How you gon' tell me how to live my life?
(But you treat your fellow man like a thief in the night)
But treat your brother man like a thief in the night
You know you ain't right
(You wanna be a Christian but you won't pay the price)
Oh, you wanna be saved but you don't wanna pay the price
(You're duckin' and dodgin' like cheese-eatin' mice)
Duckin' and dodgin'. Hidin'
(You're straddling the fence and you can't make a choice)
What'choo gon' do?
(If you don't get your soul right, you're gonna be lost)
You better get your life right

[Verse 1]
Oh, what a feeling
Look what we've overcome
Oh, I'm gonna wave-a-wave my flag
And count all the reasons
We are the champions
There ain't no turning, turning back

[Pre-Chorus]
Saying "Oh, can't you taste the feeling, feeling"
Saying "Oh, we all together singing"

[Chorus]
Look how far we've come
Now, now, now, now
There's beauty in the unity we've found
I'm ready, I'm ready
We still got a long way
But look how far we've come
Now, now, now, now
Hands up for your colors
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

[Verse 2]
Ready the people
A new day has just begun
And I wear my colors on my back (celebrate, celebrate)
We're created equal
One race, and that's human
Can't wait til they all see, all see dat

[Pre-Chorus]
Saying "Oh, can't you taste the feeling, feeling"
Saying "Oh, we all together singing"

[Chorus]
Look how far we've come
Now, now, now, now (there's beauty)
There's beauty in the unity we've found
I'm ready, I'm ready
We still got a long way
But look how far we've come
Now, now, now, now
Hands up for your colors
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
One hand, two hands for your colors
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Woah oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Show your true colors

[Bridge]
Here we go, eh oh eh oh (here we go)
Let's put on a show, eh oh eh oh (let's put on a show right now now)
Let me see your hands up
Let me see your hands up
Here we go, eh oh eh oh

[Chorus]
Look how far we've come
Now, now, now, now
There's beauty in the unity we've found
I'm ready, I'm ready
We still got a long way
But look how far we've come
Now, now, now, now, now
Hands up for your colors
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
There's beauty in the unity we've found
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
One hand, two hands for your colors
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
There's beauty in the unity we've found
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
Show your true colors

[Outro]
Here we go, eh oh eh oh (here we go)
Let's put on a show, eh oh eh oh
Hands up for your colors
Represent your country
Raise your flag
Show your true colors
Part I: Outy When I Drive

[Intro]
CashMoneyAP
Everything foreign, nigga

[Verse 1: Rich The Kid]
Ooh
Bougie, shit tell 'em back back (Back back)
Runnin' around with the rat pack (Huh)
That ass too fat, tell her back back (What)
Ain't doing no talkin, the choppa got kick back (Blat)
Ooh, ooh
She won't be my boo (My boo)
I was broke, now I got bitches in my coupe (Huh)
Me and Breezy, 50 hoes, by the group (By the group)
That's yo' bitch, she told a lie, ain't told the truth, ooh (Ain't told the truth)
I get her gone
Fuck her once, she won't pick up the phone (What?)
I send her home (Home)
Give me the dome, give me the dome

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
High-y, high-y, high
I'ma fly, I'ma flatline
Outy when I drive
Bring me up, bitch, on both sides
Broke niggas always minus, wearin' designer
See me, I beat it out the line and it'll fuck ya spine up
High-y, high-y, high
Yeah, baby, flatline
Outy when I drive, flatline
High-y, high-y, high
Yeah, baby, flatline
Outy when I drive
Bitch, on both sides

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
When I do the dash, bitch, I swear that they mouth wide
Hunnids, countin' cash in a pair of them off-whites
You need to bring your ass over here
If your nigga wanna fight, bitch, come outside
I'm off this Hennessy, too many shots
Don't give a fuck
Ain't no excuses for bein' belligerent, just give me the bottle
Stop thinkin' about it, 'til I'm on the floor
Switchin' lanes, caught in the paint, off the backboard
Ain't no way I'ma change, pussy got me goin'

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
High-y, high-y, high
I'ma fly, I'ma flatline
Outy when I drive
Bring me up, bitch, on both sides
Broke niggas always minus, wearin' designer
See me, I beat it out the line and it'll fuck ya spine up
High-y, high-y, high
Yeah, baby, flatline
Outy when I drive, flatline
High-y, high-y, high
Yeah, baby, flatline
Outy when I drive
Bitch, on both sides

[Verse 3: Yella Beezy]
I say vroom, vroom
808s gon' make your body shake
Look bitch boom, boom
And when I get you
I'll knock that pussy to the moon, moon
If he trippin', grab that Smith
And I'ma knock his brain loose
Do what you do
These hatin' niggas got it bad
Nigga talkin' tough into my lil' condo, and shot his ass
And if you mention me, then you gon' end up in a body bag
Lil' mama, I ain't tryna fuck you, you ain't got a lot of ass
I need a lot of that, yeah-yeah

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
High-y, high-y, high
I'ma fly, I'ma flatline
Outy when I drive
Bring me up, bitch, on both sides
Broke niggas always minus, wearin' designer
See me, I beat it out the line and it'll fuck ya spine up
High-y, high-y, high
Yeah, baby, flatline
Outy when I drive, flatline
High-y, high-y, high
Yeah, baby, flatline
Outy when I drive
Bitch, on both sides

Part II: Blamed

[Interlude]
Your call cannot be completed as dialed
Please check the number and dial again
Or dial 6-1-1

[Intro: Chris Brown]
Don't play me to the left, no
'Fore I pull up with that thing on me
I'm shootin', aimin' for the neck
And ain't nobody finna bang on me

[Verse 1: Sage the Gemini]
Ayy, I just check my bank account, I'm goin' dumb as fuck
I point her in the right direction, tell her, "Run it up"
I put her in the Louis line, nigga, one-to-ones
But we don't fight
I take this .40 off my waist just like a tummy tuck
I don't speak much unless it's money, so
If they don't know me personal, then I don't take it personal
They love you when you wins high, let you know (Let you know)
But when your wins low, they treat you like a Urkel
I learn that family don't always matter (Yeah, whoa)
I send these shots around your dome, now you silent (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah)
Ayy, I'm just tryna buy me a big place (Big place)
I'm just tryna buy me a lawyer, help me beat the case
I'm just tryna fuck you, let you lead the way (The way)
And if we can't make it to the bed, do it on the way

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Don't play me to the left, no
'Fore I pull up with that thing on me
I'm shootin', aimin' for the neck, oh
And ain't nobody finna bang on me
I got your bitch, she coming over (Woo!)
She gon' bring her friend too (Woo!)
They gon' pop and bend it over (Woo!)
Like that pussy brand new
Get her an Uber when it's over
Fuck that, just hop up in the coupe
What you gon' do?
'Cause you can't really put the blame on us

[Verse 2: Chris Brown]
If there's a problem, I'ma pop up, I'ma shoot out the roof
You need to stop it 'fore I make your mama really miss you
Ain't throwin' spirals, really big bullets and a couple missiles
I hit your bitch up that Friday and I told her to choose
She told me, "Yeah, we on for the nightcap"
I know your nigga won't like that
Get his cap killed in his life jack'
That's why I don't take a day off
Hustle like every day is the Playoffs
Damn right, we fuckin' winnin'
Don't like me, fuck your feelings (Feelings)
Money up to the ceilin' (Ceilin')
Smoke weed, I'm up there with it (There with it)
Like murder, make a killin'
See murder for no limit
White people in my business
Black women give me kisses
With all these snitches, it ain't safe no more (No more)
Niggas sayin' names and they showin' up to court (Court)
I'ma take a shot, have one Newport
Before I light this bitch up and shoot it off the backboard
You got me fucked up

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Don't play me to the left, no
'Fore I pull up with that thing on me
I'm shootin', aimin' for the neck, oh
And ain't nobody finna bang on me
I got your bitch, she coming over (Woo!)
She gon' bring her friend too (Woo!)
They gon' pop and bend it over (Woo!)
Like that pussy brand new
Get her an Uber when it's over
Fuck that, just hop up in the coupe
What you gon' do?
'Cause you can't really put the blame on us

[Verse 3: Rich The Kid]
(Ooh, huh, huh, huh)
I might slide in it (Slide in it)
I like bad bitches (Bad)
Bentley 350s (Skrrt)
I got three with me (Ooh)
It's a blame game (Blame game)
Let my chains swang (Swang)
I don't know her name (What?)
All these hoes the same (Yeah)
She want Chanel on her (Chanel)
Birkin bags, she was rackin' sale on 'em (Ooh)
I got the nail on her
Fuckin' friends and she think I'ma tell her (Ooh)
In my coupe, I got two
Niggas mad I got the juice
I'ma smash on your boo (Smash)
I got cash on me too
She won't play me to the left
I'm a rich nigga to death (Death)
She gon' pull up with the neck
Boss up for a check (Check)
Know he want her
She got red bottoms on her (On her)
If I fuck her two times, she a goner (Huh)

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
Don't play me to the left, no
'Fore I pull up with that thing on me
I'm shootin', aimin' for the neck, oh
And ain't nobody finna bang on me
I got your bitch, she coming over
She gon' bring her friend too
They gon' pop and bend it over
Like that pussy brand new
Get her an Uber when it's over
Fuck that, just hop up in the coupe
What you gon' do?
'Cause you can't really put the blame on us
Feeling in your kiss
I can see you in the stars
I don't believe in magic
But I know just who you are
I'm not gonna leave you
Cause you've giving me a reason to stay, to stay, to stay...

Feeling in your kiss
I can see you in the stars
I don't believe in magic
But I know just who you are
I'm not gonna leave you
Cause you're giving me a reason to stay, to stay...

Feeling in your kiss
I can see you in the stars
I don't believe in magic
But I know just who you are
I'm not gonna leave you
Cause you're giving me a reason to stay, to stay, to stay...

[Intro]
Uh
I know we separated baby
Let me ask you one question though

[Verse]
I said "who am I?"
"Baby, what are you and I?"
We used to be suicide do or die
Never knew it that a newer guy, you would find
I figured I was on to the next one
But my heart, it was hard to forget one
Regrettin' every scar that I left, uh
I feel 'em when I pause, and the stress come
I was really in love with this girl, like
But keep it on some real shit
You was somebody that a brother could really deal with
The only woman I could chill with, and really chill with
Instead of tryna hit it real quick, real spit
Feel it
I guess I couldn't see it comin'
It's like a bill from the cab when the meter runnin'
I'm still feelin like I'm needin your lovin
Up in this race, girl you're keepin' me runnin'
But, fuck it, uh
I guess the lovin' is gone
Go with him but he ain't never gonna love you as strong
You, you, could never tell me that the lovin' was wrong
'Cause we both know that it took us to above and beyond
I, I, I'm still thinkin' that you must be the one
Look how you got me fucked up, look at what we become
But I ain't trippin' 'cause I knew that you done done what you done
And every relationship gotta be done when it's done, and I know

[Bridge]
Sometimes I think, what if I was wrong?
Would I be sittin' here, writing out this song?
I know that sometimes I may have been wrong
But you gotta forgive me, yeah yeah
And I know that we both done made some mistakes
When I face it

[Hook]
All I want is you, you, you, you, you
Now that you're gone, ay
All I want is you, you, you, you, you
You, you, you, you
Hey girl
All I want is you, you, you, you, you
Do, do, do, do, do, do
Don't leave me hangin' babe
Girl I need you

[Outro]
All I need is you, ohhhh
Babe
And Mr. Peterson drops
January 1st, 2011
Make sure you got that tape
It's gon' be a classic
So classic

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
I ain't tryna face time with ya, yeah yeah
Cause I don't want no fake time with ya, yeah yeah
Girl I'm tryna take time with ya, yeah yeah
Cause I don't wanna waste time with ya, yeah yeah

I don't want no fake time with ya, baby
And thats why I don't face time with you, baby
Girl I'm tryna take time with ya, baby
Cause I don't wanna waste time with ya, baby
When I look at the past days
I get away
I'm stuck wishing you're the same

And all those 

[?] in my head
I'm better dead
Six feet under in my bed

I could stay here forever

[Cause it's all the same town?]
I could stay here forever
Together in this town
I could stay here forever, forever
I wonder where I'm headed, but darlin' don't we all?
There's not many places to hide living in a world so small

This is your anthem
Sing it loud my dear

[Chorus]
It's such a good vibration
It's such a sweet sensation
You're such a hot temptation
It's such a sweet sensation

[Verse 1]
I got the wild ones, high ones, fly ones
Do or die ones, even shy ones
Hook, one, two, get to me, they going through, back to me
Nobody do it like you do that for me
Sheesh, don't blow half on the half top treats
Less talkin', let's 'cation at South Beach
Do some loose, wassup, I broke the leash
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
You got all three eyes on the prize
Right now, right now, right now
I got a real good thing on the rise
Right now, right now, right now
And it's worth every bit of my time
Right now, right now, right now
I'm revved up, GTA
I'm tryna see you right now, what's your ETA?

[Chorus]
It's such a good vibration
It's such a sweet sensation
You're such a hot temptation
It's such a sweet sensation

[Verse 2]
I got a payphone and a play phone
I gotta get it, baby, I could never stay long
I'm day one, hit 'em with the A1s, sauce
Since day one, not the A1s, false
It's a vibe, it's a vibe
Rockin' the champagne flute, hit the lights
Feelin' like a damn good time to be alive
You lookin' like a snack, shawty, pull it to the side

[Pre-Chorus]
You got all three eyes on the prize
Right now, right now, right now
I got a real good thing on the rise
Right now, right now, right now
And it's worth every bit of my time
Right now, right now, right now
I'm revved up, GTA
I'm tryna see you right now, what's your ETA?

[Chorus]
It's such a good vibration
It's such a sweet sensation
You're such a hot temptation
It's such a sweet sensation

[Post-Chorus]
It's such a sweet sensation
It's such a sweet sensation

[Bridge]
Good vibration, oh
It's such a sweet sensation, oh
Good vibration, oh
It's such a sweet sensation, oh

[Chorus]
It's such a good vibration
It's such a sweet sensation
You're such a hot temptation
It's such a sweet sensation
Good vibration
It's such a sweet sensation
You're such a hot temptation
It's such a sweet sensation
I got the pack the racks, you know
I got them bricks, they came out the bowl
All of my niggas they whip, stand in the trap, nigga turn on the stove
I got the bricks, nigga let's go
I got the bricks, the bag, the bowl
Hunned pounds came in I serve em by the load
Woah, I'm servin' and go
I got them bricks in the bowl, like stand in the trap and turn on the stove
Aye, gang gang gang, serve by the load
I got the bricks in a bowl, like stand in the trap, nigga turn the stove on
​
Stand in the trap and I turn the stove on
Stand in the trap and I got a whole bowl
Pull up, Porsche, nigga i'm gone
New customer, I gotta serve the whole load
Lil' dray nigga, get it in by the zone
Got a badass bitch blowin' up my phone
Sippin on purp out the styrafoam
Think she fell in love with a nigga cologne
I'm rich as fuck and I eat it up, stand in the trap with a brick and I beat it up
She slow it down, told her to speed it up, young nigga pull up in a Porsche truck
Bust down my Rolex, it look like some snow
Look at my diamonds, they glisten and glow
We came wit a brick, I serve the whole load
I walked up in Neiman's and bought the whole sto'
​
Mention her, I got the brick for the low
Big backwood, good cookie dough
Stand in the trap and I turn on the stove
I got gelato (? 2:02) zone
I'm really busy, keep hittin my phone
I just sell a brick, then i'm gone
How the trap house got marble flo'
Fuck it nigga, I just sell some dope
​
​
I got the pack the racks, you know
I got them bricks, they came out the bowl
All of my niggas they whip, stand in the trap, nigga turn on the stove
I got the bricks, nigga let's go
I got the bricks, the bag, the bowl
Hunned pounds came in I serve em by the load
Woah, I'm servin' and go
I got them bricks in the bowl, like stand in the trap and turn on the stove
Aye, gang gang gang, serve by the load
I got the bricks in a bowl, like stand in the trap, nigga turn the stove on

Damn, how he just gave him another call? Ooh
I got the gas in a cookie jar
Young nigga, pull up a hunned shots
Fuck it, I pull up and buy the block
Fuck it, I pull up and buy the lot
Stand in the trap, and a young nigga beat the pot
Pull up, a Porsche, and drop the top
Left wrist, alotta guap
Nigga just skurt off the lot
Young nigga pull up with guap
We servin them bowls, we servin them blocks
Say trap nigga, ridin' round with the Glock
I got them bricks, and a Bezel, you know
All of my diamonds it look like snow
All of my niggas they pull up and blow
I got the chopper, just let it go
Hunned racks layed on the floor
Nigga just pull up in Mansons
All of my diamonds they dancin
Stand in the trap with the phantom
All of my diamonds they glisten
Stand in the trap when I drip
Stand in the kitchen, and turn on the stove
I got the bricks, and I got the bowls
​
I got the pack the racks, you know
I got them bricks, they came out the bowl
All of my niggas they whip, stand in the trap, nigga turn on the stove
I got the bricks, nigga let's go
I got the bricks, the bag, the bowl
Hunned pounds came in I serve em by the load
Woah, I'm servin' and go
I got them bricks in the bowl, like stand in the trap and turn on the stove
Aye, gang gang gang, serve by the load
I got the bricks in a bowl, like stand in the trap, turn the stove on

[Verse 1]
There is a time when we should hear the certain calls
'Cause the world it seems it's right in this line
'Cause there's a chance for taking in needing our own lives
It seems we need nothing at all
I used to feel I should give away my heart
And it shows that fear of needing them
Then I read the headlines and it said they're dying there
And it shows that we must heed instead

[Chorus]
We are the world
We are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
There's a chance we're taking
We're taking our own lives
It's true we'll make a brighter day
Just you and me

[Verse 2]
Give in your heart and you will see that someone cares
'Cause you know that they can feed them all
Then I read the paper and it said that you've been denied
And it shows the second we will call

[Chorus]
We are the world
We are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
There's a chance we're taking
We're taking our own lives
It's true we'll make a brighter day
Just you and me

[Bridge]
Now there's a time when we must love them all
And it seems that life, it don't make love at all
But if you'd been there, and I'll love you more and more
It seems in life, i didn't do that

[Chorus]
We are the world, the world
We are the children, are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving, let's start giving
There's a chance we're taking
We're taking our own lives
It's true we'll make a brighter day
Just you and me
We are the world, are the world
We are the children, are the children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving, let's start giving
But there's a chance we're taking, taking
We're taking our own lives
It's true we'll make a brighter day
Just you and me
We are the world, shalom
We are the children, shalingin
We are the ones who make a brighter day, shalom
So let's start giving, 'cause that's what we're being
There's a chance we're taking
We're taking our own lives
It's true we'll make a brighter day
Just you and me
Come on, yeah
We are the world, shalom
We are the children, shalingin
We are the ones who make a brighter day, shalom
So let's start giving, 'cause that's what we're being
There's a chance we're taking
We're taking our own lives
It's true we'll make a brighter day
Just you and me
Oh yeah, we got it
We are the world, shalom
We are the children, shalingin
We are the ones who make a brighter day, shalom
So let's start giving, cause that's what we're being
There's a chance we're taking
We're taking our own lives
It's true we'll make a brighter day
Just you and me
(Repeat & Fade Out)

[Intro]
K-K-K-K-K-K-Mac

[Verse 1: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
All that bullshit's for the birds, you ain't nothing but a vulture (Oh, oh, oh)
Always hoping for the worst, waiting for me to fuck up
You'll regret the day when I find another girl, yeah
Who knows just what I need, she knows just what I mean when I tell her keep it drama free
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah
Chu-chuckin' up them deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Yeah, yeah)
Told you that I'm leaving, deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Woah, woah)
I know you're mad, but so what? I wish you best of luck
And now I'm finna throw them deuces up

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 2: Drake]
What you mean I ain't call you? I hit you when I landed
I'm waitin' in my hotel room
Seems like we're arguin' more and it's gettin' less romantic
Yeah, I think she'll be able to tell soon
But I'll fuck you right, I will, I fuck you right, I will
I'll fuck you like no one has ever, ever made you feel
I mean, this part of our relationship's amazin' still
I might just put up with the arguin' and stay, for real
You lookin' bad, girl, for goodness sakes
You with all those curves, and me without no brakes, ooh
I'm willin' to work it out however long it takes you
You feel like you miss those happy days
Well, girl, that makes two of us, our timing is wrong
Your friends always tyin' up every line on your phone
Yeah, but tell them bitches that you'll always be my missus
And the hardest part about the fuckin' business
Is mindin' your own, uh, and every time I try and break it off
We just yell until we tired, then I break you off
It's useless, all this fightin', let's get past it now
Even when I throw them deuces, you just send it back around

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You know what, yo? You a bitch
You should have a travel agent, ‘cause you a trip
You should make your own toilet tissue since you the shit
But all you got is some fuckin' issues, you fuckin' bitch
I hate niggas, but I love your mom
Give her a kiss for me, her second son
Get your mind right, baby, or get your shit together
You gonna be hot a little while, I'ma be rich forever
Girl seducers, they come in deuces
But when I cut 'em off they always become a nuisance
Niggas take my old flows and they take my old swag
He just took my old bitch and turned it to his new bitch (Haha)
I'm stupid, but I won't get my drama on
What I'm dealin' with is too real for me to comment on
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth
So when you talk 'bout “you know who”
I don't know who you talkin' 'bout

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Intro]
K-K-K-K-K-K-Mac

[Verse 1: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
All that bullshit's for the birds, you ain't nothing but a vulture (Oh, oh, oh)
Always hoping for the worst, waiting for me to fuck up
You'll regret the day when I find another girl, yeah
Who knows just what I need, she knows just what I mean when I tell her keep it drama free
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah
Chu-chuckin' up them deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Yeah, yeah)
Told you that I'm leaving, deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Woah, woah)
I know you're mad, but so what? I wish you best of luck
And now I'm finna throw them deuces up

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Your wrist and fingers glisten, ice cold like Michigan
Ayy, look at what we livin' in, here we go with this again
I just keep on talkin', but I guess that you ain't listenin'
Rather run around with them nothin'-ass bitches then
Go on, got me hot, smokin' like a chimney
We used to be best friends, now it seems we finna be enemies
Deep inside it’s killin' me, but soon it's gon' be killin' you
To see her in that two-seater, know that's gon' hurt your feelings, boo
Ah ha, didn’t you think you would be over me by now?
So you go sleepin' with them clowns, they are no relief
She spoke her piece, I know, capisce
So love must be let go, released, into the wind
Again, again, and deuces I must throw ya, peace

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 3: Rick Ross]
Got a pocket full of hundreds, she the only one that's missin'
Got a bucket full of ice, and a watch to go with it (Ugh!)
Got a racin' Lamborghini, have my homies scared to drive
Haters better put their head down, they know that boy be fly
All the charter planes, now I’m talkin' ballers slang
R.O.Z.A.Y. on that wall in that Hall of Fame (Ugh!)
I let my denim sag, red Louis belt
How can you love me, baby? First, you gotta love yourself

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Intro]
K-K-K-K-K-K-Mac

[Verse 1: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
All that bullshit's for the birds, you ain't nothing but a vulture (Oh, oh, oh)
Always hoping for the worst, waiting for me to fuck up
You'll regret the day when I find another girl, yeah
Who knows just what I need, she knows just what I mean when I tell her keep it drama free
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah
Chu-chuckin' up them deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Yeah, yeah)
Told you that I'm leaving, deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Woah, woah)
I know you're mad, but so what? I wish you best of luck
And now I'm finna throw them deuces up

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 2: Fabolous]
According to my old bish, I be on some new ish
She was on some oldish, now I got a new bish
Think I give two-ish? You ain't gonna do ish
Meet my two fingers, intro-deuces
If you knew better, you'd do better
Wanna get the middle finger, but I got two better

[Bridge: Chris Brown & Drake]
So you gonna diss me
Even though you know it's wrong
Know you gon' miss me a little when I'm gone

[Verse 3: Fabolous]
Drizzy voice
Now I'm ghost, baby, four-door Rizzy Royce
Tryna work it out might be a bad business choice
I'm 'bout my business, boys, plus I make paper
Come on, that's old news, yesterday's paper (Nice)
Oh, you talkin', what about?
If it ain't how I kept you studded out
You might as well shut your mouth
You'll never score another me, I'll shut it out
Act like there's gum in your hair, girl, cut it out!

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 4: Andre 3000]
The farewell email (Yeah) from a female (Yeah)
But I'm a playa, ain't gonna tell you all the details
What it entails is hard to say, like sellin' seashells
By the seashore, but she's not a bore
But neither a whore who needs to know more
The kind you can't ignore but want to open the door for
Or run in your favorite store
And leave with all them shopping bags and half of it ain't yours
I did things for her, ain't rich, ain't poor
I wanted to do more, but hell, I just ain't know her
Well enough to know if this was all she came for
But enough to know tonight excited, she came four
Times to my cousin house to see if I was there
Get your minds out the gutter, man
We out here tryna have a good time
And here I am, all heavy with the words where
Somebody that's a nerd, likely fast forward
But, shit, they asked for it
It's hard to throw up them deuces
‘Cause when you know it's juicy
You start to sound like Confucius when makin' up excuses
Chase Cabooses until the track gone
I gotta find me a new locomotive, stop makin' sad songs

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Intro]
K-K-K-K-K-K-Mac

[Verse 1: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
All that bullshit's for the birds, you ain't nothing but a vulture (Oh, oh, oh)
Always hoping for the worst, waiting for me to fuck up
You'll regret the day when I find another girl, yeah
Who knows just what I need, she knows just what I mean when I tell her keep it drama free
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah
Chu-chuckin' up them deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Yeah, yeah)
Told you that I'm leaving, deuces
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah (Woah, woah)
I know you're mad, but so what? I wish you best of luck
And now I'm finna throw them deuces up

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 2: Drake]
What you mean I ain't call you? I hit you when I landed
I'm waitin' in my hotel room
Seems like we're arguin' more and it's gettin' less romantic
Yeah, I think she'll be able to tell soon
But I'll fuck you right, I will, I fuck you right, I will
I'll fuck you like no one has ever, ever made you feel
I mean, this part of our relationship's amazin' still
I might just put up with the arguin' and stay, for real
You lookin' bad, girl, for goodness sakes
You with all those curves, and me without no brakes, ooh
I'm willin' to work it out however long it takes you
You feel like you miss those happy days
Well, girl, that makes two of us, our timing is wrong
Your friends always tyin' up every line on your phone
Yeah, but tell them bitches that you'll always be my missus
And the hardest part about the fuckin' business
Is mindin' your own, uh, and every time I try and break it off
We just yell until we tired, then I break you off
It's useless, all this fightin', let's get past it now
Even when I throw them deuces, you just send it back around

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
You know what, yo? You a bitch
You should have a travel agent, ‘cause you a trip
You should make your own toilet tissue since you the shit
But all you got is some fuckin' issues, you fuckin' bitch
I hate niggas, but I love your mom
Give her a kiss for me, her second son
Get your mind right, baby, or get your shit together
You gonna be hot a little while, I'ma be rich forever
Girl seducers, they come in deuces
But when I cut 'em off they always become a nuisance
Niggas take my old flows and they take my old swag
He just took my old bitch and turned it to his new bitch (Haha)
I'm stupid, but I won't get my drama on
What I'm dealin' with is too real for me to comment on
Jay finally got it through my head not to run my mouth
So when you talk 'bout “you know who”
I don't know who you talkin' 'bout

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 4: Andre 3000]
The farewell email from a female
But I’m a playa, ain't gonna tell you all the details
What it entails is hard to say, like sellin' seashells
By the seashore, but she’s not a bore
But neither a whore who needs to know more
The kind you can’t ignore but want to open the door for
Or run in your favorite store, and leave with all them shopping bags and half of it ain't yours
I did things for her; ain't rich, ain't poor
I wanted to do more, but hell, I just ain't know her
Well enough to know if this is all she came for
But enough to know tonight excited she came four
Times to my cousin house to see if I was there
Get your minds out the gutter, man
We out here tryna have a good time
And here I am, all heavy with the words where
Somebody that's a nerd, likely fast forward
But, shit, they asked for it
It’s hard to throw up them deuces
‘Cause when you know it’s juicy
You start to sound like Confucius when makin' up excuses
Chase the Cabooses until the track gone
I gotta find me a new locomotive, stop makin' sad songs

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Kevin McCall]
I'm on some new shit
I'm chucking my deuces up to her (Deuces)
I'm moving on to something better, better, better
No more tryna make it work (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her (Deuces)
You made me wanna say bye bye
Say bye bye, say bye bye to her

[Verse 1: Tory Lanez]
I know you think that I need you
Oh, you think you fly? Me too
Pull up outside, big coupe
I love my main girl and my side bitch too (Alright)
Juggin' out here, making big moves (Alright)
She like the way I make the shit move (Yeah)
Penthouse out in Brinkle, big views
Walking like a pimp and I'ma make your chick choose
Choose me, know you want to use me
We can kick it, yeah, Bruce Lee
Paper falling, call it loose leaf

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf, ooh

[Verse 2: Ty Dolla $ign]
Left my ex and my side hoes for my new chick
I ain't got time for the bullshit
I just stack my loose leaf and stay out the way
Bitch, I'm Dolla $ign, the black Bill Gates (Woo)
All my diamonds bustin'
My lil' nigga bustin'
Don't do no discussion (Skrr, skrr)
Block boys been accountin'
My lil' shawty from Miami, I'm from California
We gon' hit the strip club, throw a bag on 'em
We gon' cop the building, go in half on it
And my bitch like bitches, we go half on' em
Money fall like loose leaf, blow some racks on 'em

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf
Oowee, loose leaf
She gon' throw it back for me for the loose leaf, ooh

[Intro: Adele]
All the things you'd say
All the things you'd say

[Instrumental: Adele & Thomas Gold]
All the things you'd say

[Verse 1: Adele]
I let it fall, my heart
And as it fell you rose to claim it
It was dark and I was over
Until you kissed my lips and you saved me

My hands, they're strong
But my knees were far too weak
To stand in your arms
Without falling to your feet

[Pre-Chorus: Adele]
But there's a side to you
That I never knew, never knew
All the things you'd say
They were never true, never true
And the games you play
You would always win, always win

[Hook 1: Adele]
But I set fire to the rain
Watched it pour as I touched your face
Well, it burned while I cried
'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name

But I set fire to the rain
Watched it pour as I touched your face
Well, it burned while I cried
'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name

[Instrumental: Adele & Thomas Gold]
All the things you'd say, they
But I set fire

[Outro: Adele & Thomas Gold]
All the things you'd say
All the things you'd say

[Verse]
When he calls to me, I am ready
I'll wash his feet with my hair if he needs
Forgive him when his tongue lies through his brain
Even after three times he betrays me

[Instrumental]

[Bridge]
I wanna love you
I wanna love you
I wanna love you
I wanna love you

I wanna love you
I wanna love you
I wanna love you
I wanna love you

I wanna love you (Wanna)
I wanna love you (Wanna)
I wanna love you (Wanna)
I wanna love you (Wanna)
I wanna love you (Wanna love you)
I wanna love you (Wanna love you)
I wanna love you (Wanna love you)
I wanna love you

I wanna love you

[Instrumental]

[Verse]
When he calls to me, I am ready
I'll wash his feet with my hair if he needs
Forgive him when his tongue lies through his brain
Even after three times he betrays me

[Intro: Justin Bieber]
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh

[Verse: Justin Bieber]
What do you mean?
When you nod your head yes
But you wanna say no
What do you mean?
When you don't want me to move
But you tell me to go
What do you
Oh, what do you
Said you're running out of time, what do you
Oh, oh, oh, what do you
Better make up your mind
What do you

[Break: Justin Bieber & Alison Wonderland]
Mean (aah)
Said you're running out of time, what do you
Mean (aah)
Make up your mind
What do you
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Said you're running out of time, what do you
Ooh, ooh, mean (aah), ooh
Make up your mind
What do you (what do you, what do you...)
What do you (what do you, what do you...)

[Bridge: Justin Bieber]
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Better make up your mind

[Break: Justin Bieber & Alison Wonderland]
Mean
Said you're running out of time, what do you
Mean (aah)
Make up your mind
What do you
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Said you're running out of time, what do you
Ooh, ooh, mean (aah), ooh
Make up your mind

[Outro: Justin Bieber & Alison Wonderland]
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Make up your mind
Ooh, ooh, mean (aah)
Make up your mind
What do you
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Make up your mind
Ooh, ooh, mean (aah)
Make up your mind
What do you
Ooh, ooh, ooh (aah)
Make up your mind
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Make up your mind
What do you
Ooh, ooh, ooh (aah)
Make up your mind
Ooh, ooh, ooh (aah)
Make up your mind
What do you (what do you, what do you...)
I see a real love
Inside of my mind
And I gotta get there
Before it's time
And I see a real love
Inside of my mind
And I gotta get there
Before it's time
Ooh, ooh

[Instrumental Outro]
I never had the key to happiness
I got no bed o' roses I confess
But I'm doing all right
I got the sun all day and the moon all night

Chasin' the sky
Waiting for my ship to come in
Chasin' the sky
Knowing that luck is a lady
Going just a little bit crazy
I've been chasin' the sky

Floating down the river of my dreams
Keeping my cool whatever that means
With the current so strong
To be sure, I'll keep hanging on

Chasin' the sky
Waiting for my ship to come in
Chasin' the sky
Knowing that luck is a lady
Going just a little bit crazy
I've been chasin' the sky
Oh I've been chasin' the sky
I can't deny
It's true that time is wastin'
Why watch it fly
When all I want to do is chase the sky

Knowing that luck is a lady
I've going just a little bit crazy
Been chasin' the sky
Oh I've been chasin' the sky
Going just a little bit crazy

[Choc]
What's happenin' y'all?
This is Choc
And I want you to check out my daddy's new album Malice n Wonderland
Daddy, play that song I love off your album
You know the one that me and my friends like to drink to

[Intro: Jay Rock]
DJ Heat, what up?

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
Hello, hit every lying clip with a Eggo
I pop more than I pop for when the cop blow
You Fruity Pebble, homosexual wearing velcro
Who gassed you up? Man, I raised the price of the petro
Killing Cali, gang bangers and GTA's
Weed and water, come and swim on a tidal wave
I'm fucked up, psychologically braindead
I once walked into a Blood group, wearing all red
Wonder why nobody's banging on me
Getting mad as fuck, then the police came
Mistaking me for a real thug, this is not a game
I'm from Compton too, shoutout to Game, give me a pair of shoes
Finna skydive off the peak of my career
Though it's not here yet, you motherfuckers still know who's best
From the murder cap, you never heard of that, okay
What about now? Clip-clip, pow, man down

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
It's like this and like that and like this and a
It's like that and like this and like that and a
Killer Cali niggas don't know how to act and I
Never know so ride around strapped and I
Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Compton, bang, bang, Inglewood, bang, bang
Washed up, bang, bang, you know what's good, bang, bang

[Verse 2: Kendrick Lamar]
Who said Long Beach don't keep it hood?
Five minutes away, say you can die today if you dumbing out
Well let's just say, if you run your trout
You fucking fish get shot in the mouth
And plus your bitch get shot in the mouth
That's ejaculation, you kiss it, then you taste it
I road around with my antennas up like
Television way before the satellite
K Dot mechanisms, learn something
I could tell that you don't know nothing
By the way you carry yourself
You dumb fuck, I'm basked up and Jim Carrey myself
You better duck, bless screwed, you'll be eating through a tube
I've been fueled, that's the fucking guy
I've been fueled, that's too fucking fly
So where's my parachute, I'm 'bout to jump from the Hoover Dam
No car cue, I think I landed in the Hoover, damn
They 'bout to shoot

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
It's like this and like that and like this and a
It's like that and like this and like that and a
Killer Cali niggas don't know how to act and I
Never know so ride around strapped and I
Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Compton, bang, bang, Inglewood, bang, bang
Washed up, bang, bang, you know what's good, bang, bang

[Verse 3: Jay Rock]
I'm an East side savage, black matters bring tragics
Spray maggots, swat flies for the practice
It's a habit, laughing at you bitch ass niggas, get on my level
Heavy metal when I'm rocking in my jeans
Got a problem then I'm hopping at your team
Drop your captor for acting like he wanted the drama
Grab the llama, she baddest mama
House disrespectful, blame it on the hood I come from
Niggas cicadas, with their little babies walking with guns
Catch me walking with some
I'm double hot, I'm walking with heat that's under the sun
You blood pop, you done if you ain't got one
Better step your game up before it's over
Before you know it, you're close to showing
Sulken red, fall on the ground, you know he dead
Down for the count like an accountant
California, what you know about it?
Yeah, I'm 'bout it, 'bout it
Like Master Pete, I am the streets
Jay Rock

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
It's like this and like that and like this and a
It's like that and like this and like that and a
Killer Cali niggas don't know how to act and I
Never know so ride around strapped and I
Give it up, give it up, give it up, give it up, bang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang
Compton, bang, bang, Inglewood, bang, bang
Washed up, bang, bang, you know what's good, bang, bang

[Intro: Busta Rhymes, Eminem & 50 Cent]
Exclusive! Clinton Sparks shit!
Shady, Aftermath, still Aftermath 2006-(a million)
Y'all niggas need to be clear real quick
The motherfuckin' game has changed again (Haha)
MixUnit.Com (G-Unit) a new day nigga

[Verse 1: Dr. Dre & 50 Cent]
Too often, is a young nigga, in a coffin
Tryna blossom, got shot down walkin', heh
Bleek a high-to-hot guy, turned cold
Bring the body bag, see the bullet hole and a burned soul
Don't cry, he chose the life
Fast lane, in the brain, he supposed to fight
How you smile at a momma when she lost a child?
(*Gunshots*) They done shot my baby!

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
(Ooh) Pardon Me (ooh) back in the room again
It's time to raise the level of the boom again
(Now who's that?) Bus-A-Bus-A-Bus ra-(*growl*)
See, I ain't do that in a long time
Spit shit, make the streets do more crime
Cop some cribs, top a little more shine
Alright, yeah (Shhh, mmm) I pity y'all
Da way I bang niggas and how I shit on y'all
And spit the slang, big 'em, make your label quit on y'all
And do my thang bitch, from here to Senegal
We gettin' a lotta money, me and my friend Kamal
I take yo money (*spitting sound*) I ain't a friend of y'all *Gunshot*
So much class, my shit'll kill ya, black
(*Imitated gunfire*) when I don't wanna rap
And still I'ma smash and make them bitches make it clap
Soon as i'm finished wit' her homie, I'll give her back

[Chorus: 50 Cent]
We don't play that, we don't play that
Nigga I'm serious, I ain't playin'
(Bitch ass niggas)
We don't play  that, we don't play that
Nigga I'm serious, I ain't playin'
(Bangin' off his shit)
We don't play  that, we don't play that
Nigga I'm serious, I ain't playin'
(Murk you nigga)
We don't play  that, we don't play that
Nigga I'm serious, I ain't playin'
Get familiar!

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, haha
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Greetings loved ones
It's your boy
The one and only
Yeah, haha
And uh
What I'mma do for y'all right now
I'm finna give y'all a very special Christmas
Yeah, brought along a couple of my friends
To make it funky for you
Yeah, oh this beat right here
I did it about five minutes ago
I had to do it
Haha, yeah
It's Christmas time in the city y'all
Yeah, it's Christmas time in the city y'all
Brought to you by Bigg Snoop Dogg

[Hook: Snoop Dogg]
It's Christmas time
In the city
Where the folks get nutty
And they greedy
It's Christmas time
In the city
Where the folks get nutty
And greedy

[Snoop Dogg]
Yeah, what it do
I guess I'm the hip-hop Santa Claus
Barin' gifts
Slidin' through the sky, yeah
But I don't have no reindeers
I got two blue-nosed pitbulls
To guide me through the night, yeah
A very special Snoop Dogg Christmas
Oh boy
So getcha landy, and getcha eggnog
Yeah, it's all hood y'all
Nuh-uh
I want y'all just to groove to this right here
Uh
Cause you know most CDs just be like slow music
Can't really getcha groove on
Oh, I'mma let you groove on this one right here tho
Come on, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh-haha
Yeah
What's crack-a-lackin'
I know y'all been enjoying this CD mane
I had to do it mane
Christmas with Snoop D-O-double-G
I'm gonna shoot this shoutout to everybody that helped me put this CD together
From the rappers, to the engineers, yeah
To the producers on the side, ya dig
I couldn't have did it without none of y'all mane
It's crack-a-lackin' y'all
Dogghouse
And in case ya don't know, ya won't know
We goin' online wit' this right here mane, digital
So uh, get it, get it, get it while it's good
Uh, Merry Christmas y'all
Get it, get it, get it while it's good
I guess I'm the black Santa Claus
There it is y'all
So we just gon' sip on some of this landy
Roll up some of this "Christmas tree"
Tear open some of these gifts
Enjoy some of this food
And these festivities
Yeah, and just keep it crackin' y'all
God bless you
May he keep you
That's real talk
We made it
It's another year y'all
Go hard or go home
Be on the lookout for the Warzone
Hustle Boyz
Yeah, Snoop Dogg
You know how I do it
TV show crack-a-lackin'
Fatherhood, yeah
My team won the Super Bowl, yeah
Promotin' the Steelers y'all
Haha, that was my gift
Ho-ho-ho
I'm 'bout to get on up outta here
I'm finna jump on my sleigh
And slide away
Until we meet again
Peace echo
Yeah, let the music bang
Yeah, just let the music bang right there
Yeah, go 'head

[Verse 1]
The sound of mass confusion
Reverberated down the hall
Into the ears of a stoic roommate
Who put her headphones on

But in the space between the songs
(That's where she paid the most attention)
Beneath the crack on the door
(The candle flickered and got extinguished)

The reassuring hum of the freeway
As she drifted off to sleep
And it was five o'clock in the morning
You had no good reason to leave

[Chorus]
Ooh baby I'll come when you call (I'll come when you call)
I'll come when you call (I'll come when you call)
I'll come when you call (I'll come when you call)
I'll come but that's all (I'll come when you call)

[Verse 2]
Linda Ronstadt on the stereo
She was singing Warren Zevon
Hold me tighter Carmelita
Make the night not last so long

And if it seems so peaceful now
(Why don't you wait until the morning light?)
And catch the eye of the stoic roommate
(As you leave without saying goodbye)

And if you're ever let to wonder
Why anything goes right
Thank the god of bad decisions
The queen of lonely nights

[Chorus]
Ooh baby I'll come when you call (I'll come when you call)
I'll come when you call (I'll come when you call)
I'll come when you call (I'll come when you call)
I'll come but that's all (I'll come when you call)
Under the moonlight
Hand in hand
Under the influence, they took a chance
They say that Hollywood is bad for lovers
They held onto one another
And she closed her eyelids
As they danced in brilliant silence

Morning came and they said their goodbyes
As she boarded a plane for the fame and the lights
His eyes fell to the floor
He said “I don’t know what you’re looking for-
I hope you find it”
There was brilliant silence

In three weeks all her money was gone
Someone stopped her on the street
Said “how’d you like a job?”
But the producer said she was wrong
We need your hair to be blonde
So she dyed it
And she wept in brilliant silence
She got in line with the other girls
They gave her a dress and some floating pearls
Led her to hair and makeup
And explained the scene
You’ll be in the background
A song and dance routine
Just move around and fake a smile
Pretend that you’re having fun
And if you’re nervous, don’t worry
You’re not the only one
Just try to hide it
She danced in brilliant silence

The telephone rings, she wipes the sleep from her eyes
He says “hey it’s me” and she cracks a smile
She tells him that she’s getting by
And that it's only a matter of time
And the line goes quiet
They sat in brilliant silence
Dance me over to the dark side of the gym
Drinks have all been emptied, the lights have all been dimmed
That’s what you wanted- to rip him limb to limb
I’ll be fine, just worry about yourself

Because I’m someone else
I’m someone else
I’m someone else
I’m someone else

Why even bother with that sympathetic stuff?
The confetti’s decomposing
The band is packing up
And then it ends and then he's just 

[?]
That can’t be good for someone’s mental health

But I’m someone else
I’m someone else
I’m someone else
I’m someone else
I need some time to compare for the big investigation
I need an alibi to confront every potential complication
I'll need to get a haircut and buy some brand new clothes
And keep that smile plastered on
What else could I do but rely on those excuses
That've got me through the years
I'll never be convicted by a jury of my peers
Ooooo aaaah
Ooooo aaaah

[Verse 1]
Where does it go
When love dries up?
Forms into clouds
And rains on someone else
It drips off the fingertips
And soaks into the clothes
Clogs up the gutters
And ruins everyone’s shoes

[Pre-Chorus]
And then
It drains into the street
Then it sits there in the heat
Then

[Chorus]
It evaporates
Ooh ooh ooh
It evaporates
Ooh ooh ooh

[Verse 2]
What can you do
When a girl doesn’t like you?
You can steal a lock of her hair
And try your luck at voodoo
You can sigh, you can pick the petals off of a flower
And when that doesn’t work
You can just cry in the shower

[Pre-Chorus]
And the tears
Circle round the drain
They’ll float through the pipelines
And then drift out to the sea
Then they’ll get whipped up by a breeze

[Outro]
And evaporate
Ooh ooh ooh
It evaporates
Ooh ooh ooh
It evaporates
Ooh ooh ooh
It evaporates
Ooh ooh ooh
I remember how it started
She was sitting next to me in class
She had the jeans and said smart things
It took me all the nerve to ask
Her out for tea
She went with me
Then to the party, to the dance
Her breath was hot, my voice was shot
And then she asked then on the grass
We kissed and that was it
I knew I was infatuated
Maybe I shouldn’t have told her so
Maybe I should have waited
But I held her in my arms
I held her in my arms
I held her in my arms
But I couldn’t hold her very long

Oh, Mary
Mary Moffett
I wonder if she’s lonely
I wonder if she’ll hear her song
If she didn’t want to see me
Well I wish she would’ve told
Instead I had to leave some
Embarrassing voicemails on her phone
And I wonder if she laughed at them
Thought they were pathetic
Well I hope it happens to her one day
And she has to feel the headache
But I’m not bitter, I’m not mad
Well, maybe just a little
It’ll stew in my subconscious
Like some stupid, unsolved riddle
But in truth I hardly ever think
Of whatever was between us
Only when I make that lonely
Drive through Encinitas

Oh, Mary
Mary Moffett
I wonder if she’s lonely
I wonder if she’ll hear her song

Oh, Mary
Mary Moffett
I wonder if she’s lonely
I wonder if she’ll hear her song

["I get variations by utilizing modifying devices. Look, why don't I just play it for you now, so I don't have to explain it later."
"Sure."]

Oooooo

I’d rather be in the dark than in the know if I know where we’re goin’
There aren’t enough television shows or songs on radio
To keep me distracted
Keep me distracted
Keep me distracted
Keep me distracted

Oooooo

["This is only the beginning."]

[Verse 1]
Misery is funny
‘Cause misery is nothing
And nothing is funnier than nothing
Yeah

And misery is hungry
The souls are what it eats
It devours all your insides and leaves you
Lighter than the breeze

And misery is money
As money ties you down
But there's nowhere I'd rather be
When it starts to smack me around

[Chorus]
‘Cause I like it
I like it
Stop what you’re doin’ to me
I like it

[Verse 2]
And misery loves company
And I love misery
We’ll take out a second mortgage
We’ll start a little family
And everyone will be miserable
And everyone will sing together
I know there's something wrong with me
But I hope I never get better

[Chorus]
‘Cause I like it
I like it
Stop what you’re doin’ to me
I like it

[Outro]
I like it
Mirror mirror on the wall
Tell me is it all my fault
Don’t you look at me like that
I’m not so bad

It’s exactly like you told me
If I were you then you’d be lonely
If you were me then you’d kiss and hold me
‘Cause I’m so sad

And I’m glad that everything’s dissolving
The sun’s down and the earth’s revolving
Everything looks so expensive
You must think I’m so pretentious
They all have the best intentions
That’s the devil’s best invention
Take the pill, get the reference
They’ll get us all arrested

Locked away, throw away the key
Now we get to eat for free
Call your parents, no reply
Stick a needle in my eye
If I die before I wake
Make sure all the lines are straight
And all the words stay in their place
All I ever wanted was a little taste of sugar
Ooh, honey, honey
Let’s get together
We can make a lot of money

Sit there sulking on the stairs
Brown eyes and silky hair
Breathing in the filthy air
Where it comes from, no one cares

Where it goes, up your nose
Past your tongue and down your throat
Where it lands, plant a rose
Dig it up before it grows

And if you can’t afford new clothes
Rip apart your pantyhose
Cut your pants and strike a pose
With everything that can be exposed

Hide your eyes, talk real slow
In the famous sultry tone
Get the dreamboat all alone
It won’t be hard to drag him home

Is he the one who loves you so?
Do you really wanna know?
It’s in his kiss, that’s where it is
It’s in his hips that’s where it is
And if you’re sure that this is it
Go ahead and slit your wrists
Because ever since we were little kids
All I ever wanted was a little bit of sugar
Ooh, honey, honey
Let’s get together
We can make a lot of money

[Verse 1]
And when you left you said it’s ‘cause I never listened
At least that's what I think you said
But that’s not really accurate now is it?
And if it is, does it even make a difference?
If I don’t listen all the time then I might miss it
It’s more than just a habit
And I don’t get how you just casually dismiss it
And separate signal from the static

[Chorus]
I turn my stereo on so I don’t have to hear
I turn the volume way up until it hurts my ears
But it sounds exactly as I feared
The silence is loud and clear

[Verse 2]
Sometimes I wish that I could stop you from talking
Sometimes I wish that everyone would just shut up
But when it comes down to keeping me distracted
Too much is never enough
Look at us now, aren’t we fabulously clever?
Don’t we all just have such witty things to say?
Have you noticed how it all just blends together
And melts away?

[Chorus]
I turn my stereo on so I don’t have to hear
I turn the volume way up until it hurts my ears
But it sounds exactly as I feared
The silence is loud and clear
Vague images filter through the blinds
And flicker on the sidewalk at night
Neighbors walk by
It lights up their faces
They wonder what goes on inside

At the end of every hard earned day
I don’t have to say a word
Something soft to occupy my mind
And get me through a day of work

Every night my baby and me
Make love and we watch TV
Pretty people making love on screen
Watching one another as we fall asleep

And I don’t know what’s real or dream
And I don’t know if I’m even awake
All you need is an excuse to believe
And a bed that can take the weight

[Verse 1]
Prepare the words for the audition
Bottle of words inside the conversation
Lips pressed together and you sat there waiting
For something clever, something worth saying

You taped the role and I played the part
You dealt the hand; now I’ve played my cards
But this isn’t what you really wanted
The leftovers of a heart so haunted
A heart so haunted
A heart so haunted

[Verse 2]
Would it make a difference if it made any sense?
Fall deeper by the minute
Are you playing on the fence?

Would it make a difference if it made any sense?
Fall deeper by the minute
Are you playing on the fence?
Would it make a difference if it made any sense?
Fall deeper by the minute
Are you playing on the fence?

Would it make a difference if it made any sense?
Fall deeper by the minute
Are you playing on the fence?
She kept her voice low but still it echoed
Off the walls and through the streets
She pulled loose strands from her sleeves
Trial and error will make it better
Off alone I can’t explain
Oh well, whatever

No use in looking for a good reason
Let’s just settle on a story we can believe in
Don’t let it get to
Get to your head
You’re not the only empty handed, hopeless romantic

[Sample from "I Cram to Understand U" by MC Lyte]
I shoulda knew the consequences right from the start
That he'd use me for my money, and then break my heart
But like a fool in love I fell for his game
But I got mine, so I show no shame
I’m gonna move to San Francisco
And watch all the hip young artists struggle with their rent
Ooh I’m gonna be one of them

I’m gonna find a pale young heiress
I’m gonna make her fall in love with me
And live the good life for free
Woah woah woah
I’m gonna be an artist

We’ll take a trip to South Dakota
And blaze through the lonely desert in a shiny new rent-a-car
And take pictures of everything we see
Woah woah woah
Pictures that everyone should see
Woah woah woah
Because my perspective is so unique

Some people work a nine-to-five
Don’t they know there's a better life
Woah woah
Why don’t they move to San Francisco
If only they knew they could be artists too
Woah woah woah
It’s so good to be an artist
Woah woah woah
Its so good to be an artist

[Outro]
Woah wooooah
Woah wooooah

[Verse]
When it rains, it pours
Open windows and closed doors
All the pretty lights and sounds to open up the night
Friends, they come and go
That's okay, I'm kind of bored
Let's go hard, get drunk, and travel down a rabbit hole

[OG Ron C]
Thundercat, Drank, Chopstars

[Intro: Demi Lovato & DJ Khaled]
Ooh, yeah
Another one
Ooh, yeah
DJ Khaled

[Vese 1: Demi Lovato]
Some people stand, some people move
Tough times don't last, but tough people do
As long as you've got hope, you'll find your way
There's power in the thoughts that you think, there's power in the words you say

[Pre-Chorus: Demi Lovato]
Like I can, I can, I will, I will
I am, I am, no fear, no fear

[Chorus: Demi Lovato]
Today, I saw a rainbow in the rain
It told me I can do anything
If I believe, I believe, I believe in me
I believe, I believe, I believe in me
Ooh, yeah
Ooh

[Verse 2: Demi Lovato]
I got the light, inside of me
And I've got no choice, but to let it breathe
As long as there is love, I can make it anywhere I go
If I follow my dreams, I'll end up building a yellow brick road

[Chorus: Demi Lovato]
Like I can, I can, I will, I will (yeah)
I am, I am, no fear, no fear

[Chorus: Demi Lovato]
Today, I saw a rainbow in the rain
It told me I can do anything
If I believe, I believe, I believe in me
I believe, I believe, I believe in me

[Bridge: Demi Lovato & DJ Khaled]
I'm living my best life
I am a flower that's blooming, like roses in spring
Living my best life
I am wearing a crown that's only fit for a queen
I'm glorious, victorious
A warrior
Let's ride

[Chorus: Demi Lovato]
Today, today, I saw a rainbow in the rain, in the rain
It told me I can do anything
If I believe, I believe, I believe in me (I believe)
I believe, I believe, I believe in me (I believe)

[Interlude: DJ Khaled & Demi Lovato]
When times got hard, I went harder
Ooh, yeah
The best thing I ever did was believe in me
I believe

[Chorus: Demi Lovato]
Today, I saw a rainbow in the rain, in the rain
It told me I can do anything
If I believe, I believe, I believe in me
I believe, I believe, I believe in me

[Outro: DJ Khaled]
To succeed, you must believe
We The Best Music
I believe
Another one
A Wrinkle In Time

[Verse 1]
They come to see the fire burning in your heart
They want to witness this love from the start

[Chorus]
They hear you when you cry
This love is far and wide
When you smile, the stars align
Flower of the universe
And child of mine

[Verse 2]
When you sleep softly the angels come
Like diamonds, like my love
They want to know it's true
There's someone in the world, lovely as you

[Chorus]
They hear you when you cry
This love is far and wide
When you smile, the stars align
Flower of the universe
And child of mine

[Intro]
Ayy, bring me the lighter, slimeball
Rich Gang
Oh, oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, hah
(We got London on the track)
Wooh, ooh

[Verse 1]
I know grand larcen', I pull up with dogs and they biting, not barking
I am the king and I'm serving all white like a mo'fuckin' Porsche, and
Bitch you best not leave out the house with nothing, you know that I bought it
Even though that I'm not booling with Drake, bitch, you know that I started it
Loving this kush that I stuff in my face
Boy, I get my cookies straight from the Bay
How could your diamonds be real and you fake?
And I'm just tryna catch a seal with a bae (what?)
Ayy, ooh, do not get me started
No STD, but I'm runnin' my warden
I'll get you killed just because I'm important
I don't wan' go back and forth, no seesaw (I don't wanna)
Momma lips are so big, she suck my whole team off (suck it off)
Ayy, I'ma pass that bitch around without my hands, dawg
Hand in my third strike like a standoff

[Chorus]
Baby girl, I can get it, I can give you more
He can give you this, but I can give you more
Baby girl, I can get it, I can give you more
He can give you this, but I can give you more

[Verse 2]
Pimping these bitches just look at my hashtag
Dropping these niggas dead, read all my hashtags
I just spent like four bands on that Celine bag
I just bought lots of saran for my new minivan
Boy, your bitch just text me "Yes" and she ain't gon' tell you
Ayy, ever since I ran up my bands, I've been actin' too rebellious
Your lil bitch say you're the one, she be my treasure
She wanna be in my life, I ain't gon' never let her
Never, never
She won't never wanna leave, no
I think I seen her in all my dreams, no
Baby, I'ma fucking OD (never)
I can buy you shit like it's your B-day

[Chorus]
Baby girl, I can get it, I can give you more
He can give you this, but I can give you more
Baby girl, I can get it, I can give you more
He can give you this, but I can give you more
She said she don't believe me when I said that I can fly
(She said she)
Didn't see me kiss the sky, oh why?
Just let me pucker up and blow it a thousand feet high
(Watch it explode)
To every known color of light, alright

She said she'd never believe me when I said I try full time
(She said she)
Needed to be there by my side, oh why?
I'll let you come along if you can keep a secret tight
Take you above and we'll be hoverin' all night...

[Instrumental]

"Blah blah!"
Said the moon into the sunrise, (?)
Oh and the mountains look
So high!
Through the layer of smoke left behind
As the birds are laughing in the
Ground!
Because they think it's so beautiful
To be
Alive!
Thank goodness for a lifetime
(Ooh, girl!)
And as the wind was passing by
It whispers softly
To rest your mind...
Lyrics from live performances

[Verse 1]
I’m here to take my medicine, take my medicine
Treat you like a gentleman
Give me that adrenaline, that adrenaline
Think I'm gonna stick with you
Here to take my medicine, take my medicine
Rest it on your fingertips
Up to your mouth, I’m feeling it out
I’m feeling it out

[Pre-Chorus]
I had a few, got drunk on you, and now I'm wasted
And when I sleep I'm gonna dream of how you tasted

[Chorus]
If you go out tonight, I'm going out 'cause I know you're persuasive
You got that salt, I got me an appetite, and now I can taste it
You get me dizzy, oh, you get me dizzy, oh
La la la la la
We're getting dizzy, oh, we're getting dizzy, oh

[Verse 2]
Tingle running through my bones, fingers to my toes
Tingle running through my bones
The boys and the girls are here
I mess around with them
And I'm okay with it

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm coming down, I figured out I kinda like it
And when I sleep, I'm gonna dream of how you ride it

[Chorus]
If you go out tonight, I'm going out 'cause I know you're persuasive
You got that salt, I got me an appetite, and now I can taste it
You get me dizzy, oh, you get me dizzy, oh
La la la la la
We're getting dizzy, oh, we're getting dizzy, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
I had a few, got drunk on you, and now I'm wasted
And when I sleep, I’m gonna dream of how you tasted

[Chorus]
If you go out tonight, I'm going out 'cause I know you're persuasive
You got that salt, I got me an appetite, and now I can taste it
You get me dizzy, oh, you get me dizzy, oh
La la la la la
We're gettting dizzy, oh, we're getting dizzy, oh

[Verse 1]
It’s not the way that you walk that gets me off
It's the way that you think
It's the way that you talk
And when I see something I like you know that I gotta pounce
All the things that you say, say, say
I can trust every ounce

[Pre-Chorus]
But I can't tell this girl what's on my mind
And it seems it's getting closer all the time (ooh, girl)
I said, I can't tell this girl what's on my mind (oh no, baby)
And it seems it's getting closer all the time

[Chorus]
'Cause I went to a party and I left my pretty baby with Ralphie
Baby and now I’m alone
Was doing much better when you weren’t here
And now I’m feeling something and I know she’s doing better without me, maybe
I guess I’ll go home whether that’s with or without you

[Verse 2]
Ooh, and I know that it's too hard
For you to play it back from the start
And no, I don't know your name
Or the frame of your mind

[Pre-Chorus]
But I can't tell this girl what's on my mind (ooh, baby)
And it seems it's getting closer all the time (ooh, girl)
I said, I can't tell this girl what's on my mind (oh no, baby)
'Cause it seems it's getting closer all the time

[Chorus]
'Cause I went to a party and I left my pretty baby with Ralphie
Baby and now I’m alone
Was doing much better when you weren’t here
And now I’m feeling something and I know she’s doing better without me, maybe
I guess I’ll go home whether that’s with or without you

[Intro]
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Stir it up, porridge
Getting dope, so rich
Ah smoke it
And I ain't never liked a broke bitch
I don't never fuck with ya hoe bitch
Quiet down

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Verse 2]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know
Like wow
All my haters so so broke
Pipe down
All these niggas so so broke
So so broke
Pose bitch
Pose bitch
Let me see you get it

[Drop: Far East Movement]

[Bridge]
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Stir it up, porridge
Getting dope, so rich
Ah smoke it
And I ain't never liked a broke bitch
I don't never fuck with ya hoe bitch
Quiet down

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Verse 2]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know
Like wow
All my haters so so broke
Pipe down
All these niggas so so broke
So so broke
Pose bitch
Pose bitch
Let me see you get it

[Drop: Far East Movement]

[Intro]
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah

(Pray for salvation)

[Verse 1]
Stir it up, porridge
Getting dope, so rich
Ah smoke it
And I ain't never liked a broke bitch

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Verse 2]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know
All my haters so so broke
Bitch I know you know
All these niggas so so broke
So so broke

[Breakdown]
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Pose!
Pose!

[Verse 3]
Yazzzzz bitch
Let me see you get it no no no
Flexin' I know that you with it
Pose bitch
Take a photo , flick, flick, flick, for fucking sho' doe
All you lame ass bitches is a no go
And if you with it go fuckin' loco, loco

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Breakdown]
Quiet down
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Quiet down

[Outro]
Pose, pose, pose, pose

[Intro]
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Stir it up, porridge
Getting dope, so rich
Ah smoke it
And I ain't never liked a broke bitch
I don't never fuck with ya hoe bitch
Quiet down

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Post-Chorus]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know
Like wow
All my haters so so broke
Pipe down
All these niggas so so broke
So so broke
I don't never fuck with ya hoe bitch

[Drop: Deadly Zoo]

[Verse 2]
Yazzzzz bitch
Let me see you get it no no no
Flexin' I know that you with it
Pose bitch
Take a photo , flick, flick, flick, for fucking sho' doe
All you lame ass bitches is a no go
And if you with it go fuckin' loco, loco

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Post-Chorus]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know
Like wow
All my haters so so broke
Pipe down
All these niggas so so broke
So so broke
I don't never fuck with ya hoe bitch

[Drop: Deadly Zoo]

[Outro]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know you know
Bitch I know
Like wow
All my haters so so broke
Pipe down
All these niggas so so broke
So so broke
I don't never fuck with ya hoe bitch

[Intro]
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Stir it up, porridge
Getting dope, so rich
Ah smoke it
And I ain't never liked a broke bitch
I don't never fuck with ya hoe bitch
Quiet down

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Post-Chorus]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know

[Drop: Eva Shaw]

[Verse 2]
Bitch I know
All my haters so so broke
Pipe down
All these niggas so so broke
So so broke
Pose bitch
Bitch
Quiet down

[Chorus]
Oh-oh-oh shit
So-oh-oh rich
Eyes low , I'm so loaded
Eyes, pose bitch

[Post-Chorus]
Take it off
Wanna see you work it like oh my god
And that thang is out I know you know
And you bounce it like I know you know
Bitch I know you know

[Drop: Eva Shaw]

[Outro]
All you lame ass bitches is a no go
And if you with it go fuckin' loco, loco
Oh-oh-oh shit
Eyes, pose bitch

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Try me, I deserve it
Nuh time to have you lurking
Him ah go act like he nuh like it
You know I dealt with you the nicest
Nuh body touch me you nuh righteous
Nuh badda, text me in a crisis
I believed all of your dreams, adoration
You took my heart and my keys and my patience
You took my heart on my sleeve for decoration
You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation
All that I wanted from you was to give me
Something that I never had
Something that you've never seen
Something that you've never been!
Mmmmm!
But I wake up and act like nothing's wrong
Just get ready fi...

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
Ner ner ner ner ner ner!
When yuh ago learn learn learn learn learn learn!
Before the tables turn turn turn turn turn turn!

[Breakdown: Rihanna]
Beg you something please
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi

[Verse 2: Drake]
Yeah, okay
You need to get done, done, done, done at work, come over
We just need to slow the motion
Don't give that away to no one
Long distance, I need you
When I see potential I just gotta see it through
If you had a twin, I would still choose you
I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon
But I know you need to get done, done, done, done
If you come over
Sorry if I'm way less friendly
I got niggas tryna end me, oh
I spilled all my emotions tonight, I’m sorry
Rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'
How many more shots until you're rollin'?
We just need a face to face
You could pick the time and the place
You spent some time away
Now you need to forward and give me all the...

[Chorus: Rihanna / Rihanna & Drake]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He se me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Breakdown: Rihanna]
Beg you something please
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He said me haffi

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Dry! ...Me a desert him
Nuh time to have you lurking
Him ah go act like he nuh like it
You know I dealt with you the nicest
Nuh body touch me you nuh righteous
Nuh badda, text me in a crisis
I believed all of your dreams, adoration
You took my heart and my keys and my patience
You took my heart on my sleeve for decoration
You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation

[Breakdown: Rihanna & Drake]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
How many more shots until you're rollin'?

[Drop: BURNS]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
But I wake up and act like nothing's wrong
Just get ready fi...
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting
Beg you something please

[Verse 2: Drake]
Yeah, okay
You need to get done, done, done, done at work, come over
We just need to slow the motion
Don't give that away to no one
Long distance, I need you
When I see potential I just gotta see it through
If you had a twin, I would still choose you
I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon
But I know you need to get done, done, done, done
If you come over
Sorry if I'm way less friendly
I got 

[niggas] tryna end me, oh
I spilled all my emotions tonight, I’m sorry
Rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'
How many more shots until you're rollin'?

[Breakdown: Rihanna & Drake]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
How many more shots until you're rollin'?

[Drop: BURNS]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
But I wake up and act like nothing's wrong
Just get ready fi...
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting
Beg you something please

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Dry! ...Me a desert him
Nuh time to have you lurking
Him ah go act like he nuh like it
You know I dealt with you the nicest
Nuh body touch me you nuh righteous
Nuh badda, text me in a crisis
I believed all of your dreams, adoration
You took my heart and my keys and my patience
You took my heart on my sleeve for decoration
You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation
All that I wanted from you was to give me
Something that I never had
Something that you've never seen
Something that you've never been!
Just get ready fi...

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work

[Drop: Bad Royale]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Beg you something please
Baby don't you leave
Don’t leave me stuck here in the streets, uh huh
If I get another chance to
I will never, no never neglect you
I mean who am I to hold your past against you?
I just hope that it gets to you
I hope that you see this through
I hope that you see this true
What can I say?
Please recognize I'm tryin', babe!!!
I have to

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Drop: Bad Royale]

[Verse 3: Drake]
Yeah, okay
You need to get done, done, done, done at work, come over
We just need to slow the motion
Don't give that away to no one
Long distance, I need you
When I see potential I just gotta see it through
If you had a twin, I would still choose you
I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon
But I know you need to get done, done, done, done
If you come over
Sorry if I'm way less friendly
I got niggas tryna end me, oh
I spilled all my emotions tonight, I’m sorry
Rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'
How many more shots until you're rollin'?
We just need a face to face
You could pick the time and the place
You spent some time away
Now you need to forward and give me all the...

[Chorus: Rihanna / Rihanna & Drake]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He se me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Outro: Rihanna]
Mmmmm, mmmmm
Mmmmm, mmmmm

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Dry! ...Me a desert him
Nuh time to have you lurking
Him ah go act like he nuh like it
You know I dealt with you the nicest
Nuh body touch me you nuh righteous
Nuh badda, text me in a crisis
I believed all of your dreams, adoration
You took my heart and my keys and my patience
You took my heart on my sleeve for decoration
You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation
All that I wanted from you was to give me
Something that I never had
Something that you've never seen
Something that you've never been!
Just get ready fi...

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work

[Drop: Bad Royale]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Beg you something please
Baby don't you leave
Don’t leave me stuck here in the streets, uh huh
If I get another chance to
I will never, no never neglect you
I mean who am I to hold your past against you?
I just hope that it gets to you
I hope that you see this through
I hope that you see this true
What can I say?
Please recognize I'm tryin', babe!!!
I have to

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Drop: Bad Royale]

[Verse 3: Drake]
Yeah, okay
You need to get done, done, done, done at work, come over
We just need to slow the motion
Don't give that away to no one
Long distance, I need you
When I see potential I just gotta see it through
If you had a twin, I would still choose you
I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon
But I know you need to get done, done, done, done
If you come over
Sorry if I'm way less friendly
I got 

[niggas] tryna end me, oh
I spilled all my emotions tonight, I’m sorry
Rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'
How many more shots until you're rollin'?
We just need a face to face
You could pick the time and the place
You spent some time away
Now you need to forward and give me all the...

[Chorus: Rihanna / Rihanna & Drake]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He se me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
When you ah guh
Learn, learn, learn, learn, learn
Meh nuh cyar if him
Hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting

[Outro: Rihanna]
Mmmmm, mmmmm
Mmmmm, mmmmm

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Dry! ...Me a desert him
Nuh time to have you lurking
Him ah go act like he nuh like it
You know I dealt with you the nicest
Nuh body touch me you nuh righteous
Nuh badda, text me in a crisis
I believed all of your dreams, adoration
You took my heart and my keys and my patience
You took my heart on my sleeve for decoration
You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation
All that I wanted from you was to give me
Something that I never had
Something that you've never seen
Something that you've never been!
Mmmmm!
But I wake up and act like nothing's wrong
Just get ready fi...

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
Just get ready fi...
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!

[Breakdown: Rihanna]
So me put in
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work

[Verse 2: Drake]
Yeah, okay
You need to get done, done, done, done at work, come over
We just need to slow the motion
Don't give that away to no one
Long distance, I need you
When I see potential I just gotta see it through
If you had a twin, I would still choose you
I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon
But I know you need to get done, done, done, done
If you come over
Sorry if I'm way less friendly
I got niggas tryna end me, oh
I spilled all my emotions tonight, I’m sorry
Rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin', rollin'
How many more shots until you're rollin'?
We just need a face to face
You could pick the time and the place
You spent some time away
Now you need to forward and give me all the...

[Chorus: Rihanna / Rihanna & Drake]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He se me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He se me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!

[Breakdown: Rihanna]
So me put in
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
He see me do mi
Work, work, work
Please recognize I'm tryin', babe!!!
I have to

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Work, work, work, work, work, work
He said me haffi
Work, work, work, work, work, work!
He see me do mi
Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt!
So me put in
Work, work, work, work, work, work
Ner ner ner ner ner ner!
When yuh ago learn learn learn learn learn learn!
Before the tables turn turn turn turn turn turn!

[Outro: Rihanna]
Beg you something please
Baby don't you leave
Don’t leave me stuck here in the streets, uh huh
If I get another chance to
I will never, no never neglect you
I mean who am I to hold your past against you?
I just hope that it gets to you
I hope that you see this through
I hope that you see this true
Oooo ooo ooo
Oooo ooo ooo

[Verse 1]
They come to see the fire burning in your heart
They want to witness, this love from the start

[Chorus]
They hear you when you cry
This love is far and wide
When you smile, the stars align
Flower of the universe
And child of mine

Oooo ooo ooo

[Verse 2]
When you sleep, softly the angels come
Like diamonds, like my love
They want to know it's true
There's someone in the world lovely as you

[Chorus]
They hear you when you cry
This love is far and wide
You smile, the stars align
Flower of the universe
And child of mine

[Intro]
30, you a fool for this one

[Verse 1: Offset & Lil Yachty]
Trappin' out the back street
Runnin' through the packs like a track meet (Zoom)
Pull up with two pistols on me, Max P
Back to back the Bentley truck, we on repeat
Drippin' on these bitches, put a stain on 'em
Lamborghini Aventador, no brain on it
Iced out Patek with the rain on it
Automatic with the scope, range on it

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Spent 160, that's on two watches (Two watches)
God damn, think I need a new hobby (New hobby)
Bought a chain, coulda bought a Bugatti (Bugatti)
Niggas dick ridin' with a Ducati (Ducati)
Check it out, check it out, check it out (Woo)
Ridin' 'round town with the sticks out (Woo)
It's fashion week, so I bought the Rick's out (Woo)
These niggas rats, no Mickey Mouse

[Verse 2: Lil Yachty]
(Yeah)
These niggas hatin' 'cause I'm too rich (Too rich)
Big carats, same size Cheez-Its (Cheez-Its)
88 thou' for a new wrist (Whoo)
Peter Piper, pull up with a new pistol (Pew, pew)
Those not diamonds, those crystals
Runnin' to the money like I'm Frank Gore (Yuh)
This ring cost more than a Honda 'Cord (Skrt)
Fuck with the set then it's over with (Over with)
Walk in the spot, get it overlit (Overlit)
I want some pussy, she open it (Open it)
Fuck her one time then I'm over it (Over it)
These niggas weird and they talk too much (Yuh)
All these new niggas, they socialists (Yuh)
Holdin' on tight to my braggin' rights
I write my name on the mogul list

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Spent 160, that's on two watches (Two watches)
God damn, think I need a new hobby (New hobby)
Bought a chain, coulda bought a Bugatti (Bugatti)
Niggas dick ridin' with a Ducati (Ducati)
Check it out, check it out, check it out (Woo)
Ridin' 'round town with the sticks out (Woo)
It's fashion week, so I bought the Rick's out (Woo)
These niggas rats, no Mickey Mouse (Gang)

[Verse 3: Lil Baby]
Million dollar lick but I missed out (Missed out)
Had to sleep on the drank, I was pissed off (Pissed off)
Got 100 on your hand, hold your wrist out (Wrist out)
Hellcat racecar, no pitstop (No pitstop)
Had a million dollars cash at my bitch house (Bitch house)
Wearin' 20,000 dollar outfits now (Outfits)
Coupe cost 160 and I cashed out (Cash)
Lil' Steve comin' home, 'bout to max out
Anything I buy, I'm spendin' all 20s
100s and 50s goin' to the grave wit me (Yeah)
I sleep with a chopper and bathe with a glizzy
A nigga try Yachty, we shootin' up the city (Frrah)
Ask them other niggas how we got busy (How we got busy)
It ain't no sleep 'til we hittin' the victim (Hittin' our victim)
Nigga play gangster, but we know they bitches (We know they bitches)
I'm thinkin' they mad 'cause we fuckin' they bitches

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Spent 160, that's on two watches (Two watches)
God damn, think I need a new hobby (New hobby)
Bought a chain, coulda bought a Bugatti (Bugatti)
Niggas dick ridin' with a Ducati (Ducati)
Check it out, check it out, check it out (Woo)
Ridin' 'round town with the sticks out (Woo)
It's fashion week, so I bought the Rick's out (Woo)
These niggas rats, no Mickey Mouse (Gang)

[Intro]
DY Krazy

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Racks up, racks up, pullin' up, Bentley truck
Semi, semi, keep it tucked, bad bitch, bubble butt
14, 14, high school, servin' beans
Dropped out, now I'm rich, flexin' 'til I'm 66

[Verse 1: Trippie Redd]
Ayy, ayy
Flexin' for these bands, finna pop out, ayy
Boolin' on the block I got my Glock out, ayy
I just pulled up in a Bentley
All the hatred go right to your fuckin' kidney
Flexin' bands, lil' nigga won't get a penny, yeah
I'ma keep on runnin' it up, ayy
I'ma keep on runnin' it up, fuckin' it up
This choppa bustin' you up, ayy
There you go, testin' your luck, dumb as fuck, yeah (Ayy, ooh)
Flexin' baby, pull up in a drop top, ayy
Diamonds dancin' on me, baby hopscotch
Bling blaow, shinin' fresh just like some Pop Rocks, ayy
Fireworks, when I pull up to your block, pop

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Racks up, racks up, pullin' up, Bentley truck
Semi, semi, keep it tucked, bad bitch, bubble butt
14, 14, high school, servin' beans
Dropped out, now I'm rich, flexin' 'til I'm 66
Racks up, racks up, pullin' up, Bentley truck
Semi, semi, keep it tucked, bad bitch, bubble butt
14, 14, high school, servin' beans
Dropped out, now I'm rich, flexin' 'til I'm 66

[Verse 2: Lil Yachty]
Ayy, when my brother get out, told him ain't no block now
Same bitches curbin' all up on my cock now
20 bitches and they all comin' with me (Skrrt, skrrt)
Side by side, me and Trippie in the Bentley (Skrrt, skrrt)
Ayy, and I bought it ain't no rentin'
Baby girl I'm tryna fuck, why is you ventin'? (Huh, huh)
In 2016, I grind harder than your skate team (Huh, huh)
2018, I need at least like eight rings (Huh, huh)

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Racks up, racks up (Gang, gang), pullin' up, Bentley truck (Yeah)
Semi, semi, keep it tucked (Yeah), bad bitch, bubble butt (Woah)
14, 14 ('Teen), high school, servin' beans (Beans)
Dropped out, now I'm rich (Yeah), flexin' 'til I'm 66 (Yeah)
Racks up, racks up (Yeah), pullin' up, Bentley truck (Skrrt)
Semi, semi, keep it tucked (Yeah), bad bitch, bubble butt (Aight)
14, 14 (Yeah), high school, servin' beans (Beans)
Dropped out, now I'm rich (Yeah), flexin' 'til I'm 66

[Verse 1]
Hallelujah, K. Dot'll do ya
Quicker than a porno star, jump on my dick y'all
And get fucked by the millisecond
Duck when I pull the weapon from out of my mouth (Buh!)
Shots at you like a sawed-off
Aiming for your grill like I'm Paul Wall
Then peal 'til I not y'all
My cerebral cortex is like a war vet
Sharing war stories with the deceased, I'm brain dead
Straight bananas, I never gave a fuck
'Bout anything but my momma, my daddy, siblings, and grandma
And if you neither one of them, then I gotta answer
Every question with a bullet hole in my hammer
Like VH1, that's far beyond your comprehension
Like a deaf person showing up to court for a hearing
Who they fearing? K. Dot
Tickle the nipples of women
Make your bitch grab her crotch when she hear my shit, bitch!

[Verse 2]
K. Dot got the unorthodox flow
On fire, make a rapper burn his soul
Murder for hire, acquire choirs for funerals
Numero uno, city in my rearview
Compton on my back like the titties of my masseuse
Pity, here you fool who?
Go against me, I rebuke thee
And wake thee up, six in the morning
With the pump, punks jump up to get beat down
Jump shot, coroners catch them on the rebound
Pans, pots, plates, bowls
I'm in your kitchen eating your stove
I'm hungry and hibernated
I'm cold as Miles Davis
I load up then I aim it
No judgment for the plaintiff
It only gets more heinous, nigga I'm brainless
Like a blind bitch who don't suck dick
Dinosaur manure, big shit
Smell me or die quick, fucka!
(Fuck a hook)
(jab, jab, jab, left right)
(Fuck a hook)
(Damnit, genius)

[Verse 3]
I can stand in a pool of gasoline lighting a blunt and never catch on fire
(How come?) Silly motherfucker, I'm fire
Smack the devil over the cheek, gave him a third degree burn
Iced it down when he was asleep, and said you'll be okay
A lot of rappers are desperate to be a star by the day
They hydroplaning, hoping that they get their big break
I'm just saying, I feel I'm the one
Like a magician with a stick inside his hand, or the name of a mexican
I gets ignorant with ya
Snap me a picture, bitch, I'm famous
I came in this world nuts in my palm and drinking Paul Masson
In a stolen Cavalier like I took LeBron
Locked him in a basement and amputated his shooting arm
(Psss) Now that's a stretch Ab-Soul
Like a fifty mile strip when I'm pimping these hoes
Call me Dolomite, nope I take that back
Found out he gay as a happy day or the way that you rap
(ee)

(K. Dot got the unorthodox flow
On fire, make a rapper burn his soul
Murder for hire, acquire choirs for funerals)
(Look, ee)
(Damnit)

[Chorus]
When I get home
When I get home
When I get home
When I get home
We can do it again

[Verse 1]
I hear them calling out to you
But it gets easier, not harder, when they do
Cause I see it makes you happy, and I hate it to be true
But I know that I won't make it anywhere following you
Just say you'll be there

[Chorus]
When I get home
When I get home
When I get home
When I get home
We can do it again

[Verse 2]
I see your face in all my dreams
But I guess I never understood exactly what it means
I wake up feeling sorry, never know what for
Moping up the stairs and slowly walking out the door
On my own

[Outro]
When I get home
What if I just do not let you in
When I get home
Because I know that you won't stay
When I get home
Maybe I'd prefer to be alone
When I get home
I know better than to say we can do it again
We can do it again

[Intro: Lil Yachty]
Dawg
Nigga really running shit with this, with this jewelry shit, man (Ice)
Niggas don't understand me with that shit man
You feel me? Uh, uh (Ice)
(30, you a fool for this one)

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty & Offset]
(Ice, ice, ice)
I'll pay damn near any price for the water (Water)
If the water's water, I'll pay a 90 for the order (Ice)
I like big stones, dawg, real talk, 90 pointers (Ice)
I got three Rolexes, dog, I feel like Richard Porter (Porter)
Ice, ice, ice, VVS look like quarters (Quarters)
Nigga ring, nigga night time, watch it bling
If they could, they'd sing, but they can't, so instead they dance
Fucking fake diamonds, we know you get all your shit enhance
No, no, no, no, no, no, all that fake shit, leave it to the hoes
Shoutout to my bro, Gabriel, Zahir, and Mo
And Elliot, if it ain't from 'em, then I don't know (Know, hey!)

[Chorus: Lil Yachty & Offset]
VVS water (water), diamonds like quarters (Quarters, skrr)
I might put water on a old nigga daughter (Splash)
I'ma spend a whole life savings on the water (Ice)
Used to write them order, now I'm buyin' water (Water, Skrr)

[Verse 2: Offset]
Bugettes, only VS', that ain't the water, let's put it to test (Ah)
I spent a hundred on Freakazoid set (Hundred)
Migo got chain, only 

[?] in my set
50 pointers and karets on deck (50 pointers)
Go to sleep with the water on my neck (Go to sleep)
Ain't no Fiji, this water on flex (Ain't no Fiji)
Fuck the leader, your daughter up next (Hey, hey)
I can't be settlin' for the SI
Your diamond disguise, got red in his eyes (Red)
Cartier shine my momma, my wife (Momma)
The skeleton see what's inside (Skeleton)
Ice, ice baby, no Vanilla Ice baby
No light is bright baby
Sip by the toxic sprite baby (Uh)
Cold, cold freezer, pink diamonds, the white ones is cheaper
Rosegold culture piece, the Migo gang sit right beneath it (Gang)
Real charm with the fake chain, I know your little secret (I know)
You bitch get the nut on her clevage (Eugh)
That dick in her throat, she ain't breathin' (Huh)
Young nigga savage, we breed 'em (Savage)
Two nuts to your face, that's a threesome (Pow, pow)
This water come from Indonesia
Pull that chopper, for improper speaking (Brr)
Pray to God that I'm black like a deacon
Chopper diamonds on my neck, kinda squeezin'
Cop me a piece every weekend (Weekend)
Diamonds, they singin' like Weeknd (Hey)

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
VVS water (Water), diamonds like quarters (Quarters)
I might put water on a old nigga daughter (Daughter)
I'ma spend a whole life savings on the water (Ice)
Used to write them order, now I'm buyin' water (Ice)

[Verse 3: Young Thug]
Okay, my new name is Lifeguard Thugger
Okay, she let me bust on her face, and now I can't cuddle (Ah)
Okay, this knife on this AK, you know it's sharp, it ain't butter (Ah)
I wear designers for respect 

[?]
Preach (Ah), I'ma stack these hundreds out of reach (Ah)
Might just take the doors off the Jeep (Ah)
All the type of hoes enemy (Ah)
But I don't hear the hoes in me (Ah)
I'm 'bout to put a pole on the beach (Ah)
I told her "Keep coming for the meat" (Ah)
Rap life, everything neat (Ah)
I got ricks on a quarter (Yeah)
Exotic hoes tourin' (Yeah)
Pigs shit on toilet (Yeah)
Shit on the hoes' toilet (Yeah)
Back-page whorin' (Yeah)
She don't need niggas' toilet (Yeah)
Stackin' them Ms is important (Yeah)
Shit and then piss on the toilet (Yeah)
Hermes shorts, Burberry picnic 

[?] (Yeah)
30 bitches with me like Curry
I'm picturin' every single curve
All this Chanel over her

[?]
I got more swipes than the world

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
VVS water (Water), diamonds like quarters (Quarters)
I might put water on a old nigga daughter (Daugher)
I'ma spend a whole life savings on the water (Ice)
Used to write them order, now I'm buyin' water (Water)

[Outro: Lil Yachty]
Ice, ice, ice, ice
(30, you a fool for this one)

[Verse: Lil Yachty & Jamie Foxx]
(Yo Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
Bangin' out the motherfuckin' back door
Yeah, you sippin' but you not sippin' Act' though (Facts)
Double Cs on my feet, gangbangin' Bs (Gang)
Make a bitch touch her knees, she was Viet-nese (Ha)
Crew of bitches poppin' Percs, Es and triple Cs (Pop)
Off top, give me top 'cause you just a sleaze (Slurp)
She want head, she want head, I said, "Nigga, please" (Hah)
Touch my riches, you'll get stitches, you think talk is cheap (Doot-doot-doot, grrt)
I've been flexin' for a while now (Whoo, whoo)
Stripper bitches tryna trap me for a child now, yeah
And this clip got twelve left like a dial now (Pew-pew-pew)
If I get robbed, 911 who I don't dial, nah (Grrt)
Yeah, rap niggas tryna steal my style (Ha, huh)
Stackin' shit, call me Yachty Rothschild
Bet it like a game of poker
Poker face, Code Lyoko (Lil Boat)
These niggas po-po
Benz sit on twenty-four-fours (Skrrt)
That shit go skrr-skrrt
She eat nut like a burger
She said it's sweet (Ha)
She said it's sweet just like nectar (Yeah)
I walk around the city of Atlanta with a Vector (Brrt)
Huh, ayy, these niggas got me hot (Whoa)
Dumb bitch, don't you ever dare pop up at my spot (No)
Talkin' 'bout you mad
That's some shots at your dad
I ain't here to conversate if it ain't 'bout a dollar (Cha-ching)
Number (N)ine on my jeans, my watch cost an Impala (Gang)
I done gave so much knowledge I done turned to a father (Goddamn)
And my brother from the South on the run, he's a robber (Yeah)
Kickin' doors, bangin' hoes, had to stay ten-toes (Whoo)
In Miami, in that penthouse fuckin' on ten hoes (Whoo)
Ayy, fuck with me (Yeah)
I'm rich as hell, your bitch love on me (Gang)
You don't have to like me, just don't talk, just don't fuck with me (Fuck it)
Ayy, uh, had to get it out the Civic (Yeah)
Is there smoke, pussy boy? Please be specific (For real)
And my new young bitch pussy on Pacific
Had to get a new account, numbers look terrific (Ha)

[Chorus]
And yeah (Gang)
You can count me in (Mhm, yeah)
Fuckin' on some hoes, you can count me in (Mhm, okay)
Hittin' up them stores, you can count me in (Mhm)
Rollin' in a Rolls, you can count me in (Skrrt, hah)
Yeah (Mhm, gang)
You can count me in (Mhm)
And yeah, you can count me in (Mhm, yeah)
Fuckin' on some hoes, you can count me in (Mhm, okay)
Hittin' up them stores, you can count me in (Yeah)
Rollin' in a Rolls, you can count me in (Skrrt-skrrt)
Yeah (Gang)
You can count me in (Whoo)

[Skit]
This just in, heavyset nomad Big Boy Smack has been spotted
Near you

Coming through town like a big ole bad man
Stomping you down with his big brown shoes
Kicking around an empty bottle
Shaking the ground with every move
Stands above our teenage birch tree
Giant, a poet, and a traveler, too
Big straw hat and a can of tobacco
Chewing away his blues

Yellow brick teeth and a Redwood mustache
Cannibal clothes, and an eye made of stone
Legs you can tell have been on an adventure
Critters of kinds living up his nose
Carries enough just to get to the next town
Living along the American road
Fathers his mother nature moaning
All the way back home
Big Boy Smack
You better get back or he's gonna whack that knapsack
You've got to know when to fight, and know when to let it go

Come on let's go
We better get home before we lose everything we own
Lets run, run, run as fast as we can go

You've got to let it go
I don’t think I can remember in my entire life another time just like this
Never did it before, never been so unsure, this is a special moment
I don’t know what to do whenever something is new I always seem to forget
I can’t make sense of the way, the words that I want to say, and lose them all in my head

Ready, or not, but here I come
Lured me right out of where I’m from
I'll look around and wait to see
Whatever works its way to be

I don’t think that I could ever be prepared to discover something perfectly new
But the desire to know makes it curious, so I guess I’m kind of amused
And it’s just the thought that maybe understanding so vaguely is the way it should be
If it’s a mystery still and always has that appeal, perhaps that’s better, really

Ready, or not, but here I come
Lured me right out of where I’m from
I'll look around and wait to see
Whatever works its way to be

I don’t think I can remember in my entire life another time just like this
Don’t understand what I feel, can’t pick out if it is real, this is a special moment
I took a turn so harsh and mean
I was confused at how to be
It was a normal time for you
But such an awkward time for me
And now I’m sitting, blinking, feeling, watching, spinning out of my control

It came through rumbling down on me
Before I had a chance to think
There’s nothing else for me to do
But to embrace it at the speed of - heart is pounding, mind is racing, eyes are rolling, everything went dark

Rolling, tumbling, rushing through to do enough
Fumbling, clumsily trying to keep up

It’s getting close enough to see
And I can hear it taunting me
It’s something bigger than I am
It’s saying catch me if you can
And for some reason I just really, really, think I can

You were nowhere to be found
You were not there
You were just there, now you’re gone
You must not care
I was not so upset that you were not there
It was about time to realize you did not care

[Verse 1]
Walks out in the morning sun (all alone, having fun)
(?) places that are killing me slowly
Giggling at thoughts she has (Ha ha ho he he ha)
In the end its what is making me feel lowly
Stranger in my own head
Quivering with every step
Tireder with every breath
Heavier than drops of lead

[Chorus x2]
What do you get out of this Violet, Violet, Violet? (Ah)

[Verse 2]
Sleeping through the whole day
No more fun to go play
Petrified by sun ray
Doing whatever you say

[Bridge]
Round and round down and down the sound hits the
Ground too loud breaks the peace below

[Chorus x4]
What do you get out of this Violet, Violet, Violet?

[please help me out if you can hear the lyrics better]

Oh!
The rat got caught in the trap again
Thought he could fool his heart again
Now his friends are wondering
When will he come home?
His mind's sharp just like a cheddar
But will he really get out?
That remains to be seen
It's his for the taking

It won't last forever...

So don't go!
Gonna beat it one day
Gonna be your mousetrap
And your bones would be cracked
But oh, oh, oh!
Still you hunger for cheddar
Under all that metal
But you try it one more time
Go!
Gonna beat it one day
It'll be your mousetrap
And your bones would be cracked
But oh, oh, oh!
Yet you're hungry for cheddar
Under all that metal
Let's try it one more time
No!
Decisions on a whim can be dreadful
Why don't you crawl back into your hole?
Then your friends won't be wondering
And you'll be alright
The rat's going back for a prize
He's lost in those big brown eyes
Is it all just a dream?
That remains to be seen

[Instrumental]

Ooooh, not again...
What have I done?

[Instrumental intro]

Planet earth protects the seas
It is full of life and interests me
And the rivers flow through day and night
With my impressions of given light
Why must what's below be banished to hide
Under a mirror image of the sky?
All life is the power to be free
Let what's kept below your surface be

I think I should put my goggles on
And see what's lurking underneath
The waters below me, ha-a-a-a-a, ha
I think I should put my goggles on
And see what's lurking underneath
The waters below me, ha-a-a-a-a, ha...

Close your eyes and feel it move
As the surface slowly swallows you
Now don't be scared, just follow through
(it flows closer)
Onward, traveller...
Now I've got my goggles on
Let's see what I can see...

[Instrumental]

Put your goggles on!!

[Had a hard time with these lyrics. If you hear something differently, please make a suggestion, or edit the lyrics yourself]

I was...
Wandering lightfoot smooth through the Aral Sea
Sun blathering quite mere
Feeling water gently simmering
Into the basin there
Tirelessly easing into my
Time-itivity
Dreaming of a being cursed to be
Burning in the deep...
(What does that mean?)

Where is the water chocolate and spice?
When did desires become socialized?
How did we dress them to be sanctified?
"Whatever you want babe, whatever looks nice..."

Garden of the urges slowly coming to a flame
Dancing in the clouds we breathe the ruins that remain
Spit in the camel goes rumpa-tum-tum
Stomping a hole in the sky
Opening the portal for wisdom and falling
To dust 

[?]

Ohhhhhh, oh, o-oh, ohhhhhhhhh!

[Instrumental]

Shooting, a million brilliant stars
Come galloping over the mud
Turning the universe into the earth
Depravity into the dirt
Wind whips a whisping
Their sin mixed with visions of original bits in time
What can you see? Where are you now?
It's never been harder to know when to trust yourself
Sitting on my alabaster
Riding slowly
Watching from the chimney (?)
They pass by in slow speed
I asked him if (?)
He said it was right
Over the wish to crack off (?)

Sitting on my alabaster
Riding slowly
Watching from the chimney (?)
They fly by and slow me
I asked him if he knew the date
He said it was time
Tossing me into the well
But what a (?)
Like an eel
You shock me with your slime, sweet babe
And then you slither away back to your dark, deep cave
As I'm left paralyzed, gone crazy for your lovin'
I'm addicted to you and your electric ways, my babe

Here she comes a-slitherin'
Up against my skin again
Underneath the cover of the a-a-a-byss
Beauty and power
Sweet and then sour
Gliding to me and I'm nervous!
Billowing the morning vibe
With bioluminescent pride
And charging everybody nearby-y-y-y
Shocking me once now
Shocking me twice babe
Can't pull away from your bite!

Ahhhhhh!
Ahhhhhh, oh
Sitting there beneath
In the depth of your boulder
Shocking with your word that echoes by
Stopping hearts with just a slow shock into the body
Thinking which you want til it goes by

Now I can see
You're just moving on your waves
But I got caught and now I'm in your brain, sweet babe (ooh!)
Won't you let me 

[?], I'd be alright
And I can make you spark tonight!

[Intro]
Put your hands in the air, in the air 

[Troy Ave on the beat make the Cypher complete]
Trigga
Put your, put your hands up in the air 

[BSB records]
Mustard on the beat, hoe

[Troy Ave]
Oooh na na, heres a few dollars
Kisses on my face, lipstick on my collar
Playboy Troy fuckin centerfolds
Let em shine bright like the ice all up in my gold
Tryna grab it let you have it
Even get shot in your baby mustaches
Damn you look right these are real or fake asses hard to tell
Look what you done started I'm hard as hell

[Hook]
Oh na na na, put your hands in the air if you’re loving tonight Oh na na na, keep your hands in the air if you’re spending the night Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say it like Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say

[Verse 1]
Baby I'm the one you like, yeah
I’ma give you what you like, yeah
Oh, yeah, I’ma give it to you right, yeah
Best time of your life, yeah, oh yeah
Baby, when you ready, tell the waitress get the check
Girl, I know you’re ready, I ain’t even gotta check
You been through the worst, let me show you who’s the best
You know I’ma get you right, curve them boys to the left, like

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh na na, look what you done started
Oh na na, why you gotta act so naughty?
Oh na na, I’m 'bout to spend all this cash
Oh na na, if you keep shaking that oh oh! 

[Yeah!]

[Hook]
Oh na na na, put your hands in the air if you’re loving tonight Oh na na na, keep your hands in the air if you’re spending the night Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say it like Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say

[Verse 2]
You’re the one that’s hella bad, yeah
You’re the one I ain’t never had, yeah, oh yeah
All the problems you did have, yeah
Leave them broke fellas in the past, yeah, oh yeah
Girl, you had good but I could give you better
I'll have you thinking 'bout forever, I’ma make you say

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh na na, look what you done started
Oh na na, why you gotta act so naughty?
Oh na na, I’m 'bout to spend all this cash
Oh na na, if you keep shaking that oh oh! 

[Yeah!]

[Hook]
Oh na na na, put your hands in the air if you’re loving tonight Oh na na na, keep your hands in the air if you’re spending the night Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say it like Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say

[Bridge]
I’m feeling lucky tonight, everybody say When we leave this party you gon’ love me tonight, everybody say You feeling lucky tonight, tonight, girl When we leave this party you gon’ love me tonight

[Hook]
Oh na na na, put your hands in the air if you’re loving tonight Oh na na na, keep your hands in the air if you’re spending the night Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say it like Oh na na na, oh na na na na na na na, everybody say

[Outro]
Na na na
Hands in the air, na na na
Hands in the air, na na na na na
Hands in the air, na na na na na

[Intro]
Boy, I don't give a fuck

[Verse 1]
You call me all friendly
Tellin' me how much you miss me
That's funny, I guess you've heard my songs
Well, I'm too busy for your business
Go find a girl who wants to listen
'Cause if you think I was born yesterday, you have got me wrong

[Pre-Chorus]
So I cut you off
I don't need your love
'Cause I already cried enough
I've been done
I've been movin' on since we said goodbye
I cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck
(Boy, I don't give a fuck)

[Verse 2]
I remember that weekend
When my best friend caught you creepin'
You blamed it all on the alcohol
So I made my decision
'Cause you made your bed, sleep in it
Play the victim and switch your position
I'm through, I'm done

[Pre-Chorus]
So I cut you off
I don't need your love
'Cause I already cried enough
I've been done
I've been movin' on since we said goodbye
I cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck

[Bridge]
No, I don't give a damn
You keep reminiscin' on when you were my man
But I'm over you
Now you're all in the past
You talk all that sweet talk, but I ain't comin' back

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
(Too late now)
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck
(Boy, I don't give a fuck)

[Verse 1]
You call me all friendly
Tellin' me how much you miss me
That's funny, I guess you've heard my songs
Well, I'm too busy for your business
Go find a girl who wants to listen
'Cause if you think I was born yesterday, you have got me wrong

[Pre-Chorus]
So I cut you off
I don't need your love
'Cause I already cried enough
I've been done
I've been movin' on since we said goodbye
I cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck
(Boy, I don't give a fuck)

[Verse 2]
I remember that weekend
When my best friend caught you creepin'
You blamed it all on the alcohol
So I made my decision
'Cause you made your bed, sleep in it
Play the victim and switch your position
I'm through, I'm done

[Pre-Chorus]
So I cut you off
I don't need your love
'Cause I already cried enough
I've been done
I've been movin' on since we said goodbye
I cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck

[Post-Chorus]
About you

[Chorus]
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck
(Boy, I don't give a fuck)
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck

[Post-Chorus]
About you
(Boy, I don't give a fuck)
About you

[Verse 1]
You call me all friendly
Tellin' me how much you miss me
That's funny, I guess you've heard my songs
Well, I'm too busy for your business
Go find a girl who wants to listen
'Cause if you think I was born yesterday, you have got me wrong

[Pre-Chorus]
So I cut you off
I don't need your love
'Cause I already cried enough
I've been done
I've been movin' on since we said goodbye
I cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck

[Post-Chorus]
I see you tryna' get to me
I see you beggin' on your knees
Boy, I don't give a fuck
So stop tryna' get to me
Tch, get up off your knees
'Cause, boy, I don't give a fuck about you

[Bridge]
No, I don't give a damn
You keep reminiscin' on when you were my man
But I'm over you
Now you're all in the past
You talk all that sweet talk, but I ain't comin' back

[Interlude]
See you tryna–
About you
See you tryna–
But I'm over you
But I'm over you
You talk all that sweet talk, but I ain't comin' back

[Bridge]
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
So you can try all you want
So you can try all you want
So you can try all you want
So you can try all you want
So you can try all you want
So you can try all you want
So you can try all you want

[Post-Chorus]
I see you tryna' get to me
So stop tryna' get to me
I see you beggin' on your knees

[Bridge]
No, I don't give a damn
But I'm over you
Now you're all in the past
I see you tryna–
I see you beggin' on your knees
I see you beggin'
No, I don't give a damn
I see you tryna–
So stop tryna' get to me
Get up off your knees
I see you beggin' on your knees
No, I don't give a damn
But I'm over you
Now you're all in the past
I see you tryna–

[Verse]
Alright, alright, yo
The B.I.G. is far from a chump
I love to thump, I'm so rump I got
Kriss-Kross jump
I like the beats that thump
The Cherokee, the Pathfinder jeeps
Peace to Fulton Street when I compete
MCs take flight like Clyde The Glide Drexler
Try to flex, I suplex ya, huh
It's me, you know my pedigree
Rhymes and beats so fat leave the mess with Dick Gregory
Who got props like Biggie Smalls got props?
Nobody, hops
Nobody drops words off the top of the head
My metaphors are sharp like cheddar cheese
Blowing MCs out with ease
Homie please!
I like to max in Maximas and Acuras
Your girls buttcheeks I'm smackin, huh
MCs have a hard time believin'
I'm marked for death, hard to kill like Steven
Bad Boy in the house!

[Verse 1]
You call me all friendly
Tellin' me how much you miss me
That's funny, I guess you've heard my songs
Well, I'm too busy for your business
Go find a girl who wants to listen
'Cause if you think I was born yesterday, you have got me wrong

[Pre-Chorus]
So I cut you off
I don't need your love
'Cause I already cried enough
I've been done
I've been movin' on since we said goodbye
I cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why

[Verse 2]
I remember that weekend
When my best friend caught you creepin'
You blamed it all on the alcohol
So I made my decision
'Cause you made your bed, sleep in it
Play the victim and switch your position
I'm through, I'm done

[Pre-Chorus]
So I cut you off
I don't need your love
'Cause I already cried enough
I've been done
I've been movin' on since we said goodbye
I cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck

[Post-Chorus]
I see you tryna' get to me
I see you beggin' on your knees
Boy, I don't give a fuck
So stop tryna' get to me
Tch, get up off your knees
'Cause, boy, I don't give a fuck about you

[Bridge]
Cut you off
I don't need your love
So you can try all you want
Your time is up, I'll tell you why
(I'll tell you why)

[Chorus]
You say you're sorry, but it's too late now
So save it, get gone, shut up
'Cause if you think I care about you now
Well, boy, I don't give a fuck

[Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt (Sly Tendencies)]

Juicebox, tank top, tube socks
Dude stop, forehead shiny like a new Glock
Two shots fired at the Excursion we were swervin' in
All-purpose verses with a passion for servin' kids
Empty out your purses on an immature crime spree
Eyin' up the nurses with some gloves that read "I squeeze"
Who the fuck said to speak, Mr. Me-Is-Siamese?
Even Christ said "Christ, he flows quite nicely"
Hypebeast's highly likely to bite me
And try to high five me, but I just give them high threes
Cause y'all don't get two, touch me, I'm the shit
Sue me, if you got an issue, grab a tissue
Mediocrity is odd to me
Ass as far as ya eyes can see. Who the best? They holla me
Nombre, Ho-lay shit, I don't spit crack, I spit cocaine crisp
I ain't fuckin' with it if it's no payment
'Cause everyone knows paid dues don't pay rent
I'm dope like the coke that I'm laced with
Dreams what I'm chasin', flow hot it's chafin'
This is why I'm hot? No, that is why I'm blazin'
Dilla jacked Nick, I am shinin' like the diamond that I'm draped in
But I don't wear jewelery, it's HUF over Louis V
Excuse the endurance miss, this critic thing is new to me

[Verse 2: Big L]

Fuck them other cats I'm running with my own wolfpack
Keep frontin' like you's a thug and get your dome pushed back
Cause you don't get down, that tough shit you talk is profound, you's a clown
Fuck around, come uptown and get found
I keep a pocket full, none of you niggas can touch my funds
I don't fight no more, all I do is bust my guns
While you home relaxed, I'm squeezing macs
Bustin' off caps, those coward cats, will go to platinum plaques get taxed
And I do jooks and sling pies to make cream rise
It's all about these green guys, front your whole team dies
How I'm, livin' so far swell you can't scar L
Headed a cartel selling more cakes than Carvel
And I'm, labeled a kind thug police got my line bugged
Hope I see a grave from old age and not a nine slug
I'm quick to bust a mean nut in some teen slut
Big L is clean-cut with more jewels than King Tut

[Verse 1]
One more day feelin' this way
Walkin' through it anyway
Feel like I'm losin' my mind
Can't seem to believe the truth that's mine

[Chorus]
But I know my time is comin'
Everything we want is just around the corner, honey
Carry it all
Witness a world that's whirlin'
Take some time and ﬁnd out who we are
Oh, yes, who we are

[Verse 2]
One more dream, one more scheme
Life just isn't what it seems
One more day, heavy dues to pay
Hope someone'll give it back to me someday

[Chorus]
And I know my time is comin'
Everything we want is just around the corner, honey
Carry it all
Witness a world that's whirlin'
Got to take some time and ﬁnd out who we are
Ah yeah, ﬁnd out

[Instrumental break 1:49-2:38]

[Verse 3]
One more time walkin' the line
Pay a twenty dollar line
Don't let the man get too out of hand
If he hits you in the head, you're gonna wish you ran

[Chorus]
And I know our time is comin‘
Everything we want is just around the corner
Carry it all
Witness a world that‘s whirlin‘
Got to take some time and ﬁnd out who we are

[Instrumental break 3:19-3:57]

[Verse 4]
One more time walkin' the line
Pay a thirty dollar ﬁne
Hope that the man don't get out of hand
Punchin‘ the lip of truth at night

[Outro]
But I know our time is comin'
Everything we want is just around the corner, honey
Carry it all
I came upon a child of god
He was walking along the road
And I asked him, where are you going
And this he told me

I‘m going on down to Yasgur's farm
I‘m going to join in a rock ‘n' roll band
I've got to get back to the land
And set my soul free

We are stardust
We are golden
And we've got to get ourselves
Back to the garden

Then can I walk beside you
I have come here to lose the smog
And i feel to be a cog in something turning
Well maybe it is just the time of year
Or maybe it's the time of man
I don't know who I am
But you know life is for learning
We are stardust
We are golden
And we've got to get ourselves
Back to the garden

By the time we got to woodstock
We were half a million strong
And everywhere there was song and celebration
And i dreamed i saw the bombers
Riding shotgun in the sky
And they were turning into butterﬂies
Above our nation

We are stardust
Billion year old carbon
We are golden
Caught in the devil's bargain
And we've got to get ourselves
Back to the garden

[Verse 1]
Send my love to you
I'm sending all my love to you

[Chorus]
Send my love to Linda
She lit a fire way down inside
She made the sun shine in my eye
God, let me hold her once more before I die

[Verse 2]
Sending my love to you
Sending my love to you
Sending my love to you

[Chorus]
Send it to Linda
She lit a fire way down inside
She made the sun shine in my eye
God, let me hold her once more before I die

[Guitar solo: Jimi Hendrix]

[Verse 1]
You look out the window while I look at you
Saying I don't know would be like saying that the sky ain't blue
And boots weren't made for sitting by the door
Since you don't wanna stay anymore

[Chorus]
You can have your space, cowboy
I ain't gonna fence you in
Go on, ride away in your Silverado
Guess I'll see you 'round again
I know my place, and it ain't with you
Well sunsets fade, and love does, too
Yeah, we had our day in the sun
When a horse wants to run, there ain't no sense in closing the gate
You can have your space, cowboy

[Verse 2]
After the gold rush, there ain't no reason to stay
Shoulda learned from the movies that good guys don't run away
But roads weren't made to not go down
And there ain't room for both of us in this town

[Chorus]
So you can have your space, cowboy
I ain't gonna fence you in
Go on, ride away in your Silverado
I'll see you around again
'Cause I know my place, and it ain't with you
Sunsets fade, and love does, too
We had our day in the sun
When a horse wants to run, ain't no sense in closing the gate
So you can have your space

[Chorus]
You can have your space, cowboy
I ain't gonna fence you in
Go on, ride away in your Silverado
I'll see you around again
'Cause I know my place, and it ain't with you
Sunsets fade, and love does, too
Though we had our day in the sun
When a horse wants to run, ain't no sense in closing the gate
You can have your space
Yeah, you can have your space
You can have your space, cowboy

[Verse 1]
Born in a hurry, always late
Haven't been early since '88
Texas is hot, I can be cold
Grandma cried when I pierced my nose
Good in a glass, good on green
Good when you're putting your hands all over me

[Chorus]
I'm alright with a slow burn
Taking my time, let the world turn
I'm gonna do it my way, it'll be alright
If we burn it down and it takes all night
It's a slow burn, yeah

[Verse 2]
In Tennessee, the sun's goin' down
But in Beijing, they're heading out to work
You know the bar down the street don't close for an hour
We should take a walk and look at all the flowers

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm alright with a slow burn
Taking my time, let the world turn
I'm gonna do it my way, it'll be alright
If we burn it down and it takes all night
It's a slow burn

[Bridge]
Whatever feels good

[Outro]
Old soul, waiting my turn
I know a few things, but I still got a lot to learn
So I'm alright with a slow burn, slow burn, slow burn
I'm alright with a slow burn

[Intro]
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely feelin' without you

[Verse 1]
Monday, I was gone, and Tuesday, you were working late
Wednesday went to hell, then Thursday kinda had the wait, yeah
Friday, you were leavin', goin' out of town again
I should see what's goin' on, only got a couple friends

[Chorus]
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend (So lonely)
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely feelin' without you
Guess everybody else is out tonight (Out tonight)
Guess I'm hangin' by myself, but I don't mind (I don't mind)
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend, yeah

[Verse 2]
I got a million things to do, but I haven't done a single one, no
And if my sister lived in town, I know that we'd be doin' something fun, mmm
I keep lookin' at my phone, puttin' it back down
There's a little part of me that's got the fear of missin' out, and

[Chorus]
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend (So lonely)
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely feelin' without you
I guess everybody else is out tonight (Out tonight)
Guess I'm hangin' by myself, but I don't mind (I don't mind)
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend, yeah

[Bridge]
Even if you got somebody on your mind
It's alright to be alone sometimes
Sometimes

[Chorus]
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend (So lonely)
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely feelin' without you
I guess everybody else is out tonight (Out tonight)
Guess I'm hangin' by myself, but I don't mind (I don't mind)
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend
It's a lo-, it's a lo-, it's a lonely weekend

[Intro]
Oh, what a world, I don't wanna leave
There's all kinds of magic; it's hard to believe
Oh, what a world, I don't wanna leave
There's all kinds of magic; it's hard to believe

[Verse 1]
Northern lights in our skies
Plants that grow and open your mind
Things that swim with a neon glow
How we all got here, nobody knows

[Pre-Chorus]
These are real things
These are real things

[Chorus]
Oh, what a world, don't wanna leave
All kinds of magic all around us; it's hard to believe
Thank God it's not too good to be true
Oh, what a world, and then there is you

[Verse 2]
Did I know you once in another life?
Are we here just once or a billion times?
Well, I wish I knew, but it doesn't matter
'Cause you're here right now, and I know what I feel

[Pre-Chorus]
And these are real things
Yeah, these are real things

[Chorus]
Oh, what a world, don't wanna leave
All kinds of magic all around us; it's hard to believe
Thank God it's not too good to be true
Oh, what a world, and then there is you
Oh, and then there is you

[Pre-Chorus]
These are real things
These are real things

[Chorus 2]
Oh, what a world, all kinds of magic
Tell me it's not too good to be true
Oh, what a world, and then there is you

[Outro]
Oh, what a world, I don't wanna leave
There's all kinds of magic; it's hard to believe
(And then there is you)
Oh, what a world, I don't wanna leave
There's all kinds of magic; it's hard to believe
(And then there is you)
Oh, what a world, I don't wanna leave
There's all kinds of magic; it's hard to believe
(And then there is you)
Oh, what a world, I don't wanna leave
There's all kinds of magic; it's hard to believe

[Verse]
Bursting with empathy
I'm feeling everything
The weight of the world on my shoulders
Hope my tears don't freak you out
They're just kinda coming out
It's the music in me and all of the colors

[Chorus]
Wish we didn't live
Wish we didn't live so far from each other
I'm just sitting here
Thinking 'bout the time that's slipping
And missing my mother
Mother
And she's probably sitting there
Thinking 'bout the time that's slipping
And missing her mother
Mother

[Verse 1]
You can't find it sitting on a shelf in a store
If you try to hide it, it's gonna shine even more

[Pre-Chorus 1]
Even if you lose it, it will find you
There's no way to stop it, but they'll try to

[Chorus]
Running like a river tryna find the ocean
Flowers in the concrete
Climbing over fences, blooming in the shadows
Places that you can't see
Coming through the melody when the night bird sings
Love is a wild thing

[Verse 2]
Oh, I can feel it, magic in your fingertips
And I can hear it in the words coming off your lips

[Pre-Chorus 2]
Even if you lose me, I will find you
There's no way to stop it, so don't try to

[Chorus]
Running like a river tryna find the ocean
Flowers in the concrete
Climbing over fences, blooming in the shadows
Places that you can't see
Coming through the melody when the night bird sings
Love is a wild thing

[Bridge]
I used to be scared of the wilderness, of the dark
But not anymore, anymore, no

[Chorus]
Running like a river tryna find the ocean
Flowers in the concrete
Climbing over fences, blooming in the shadows
Places that you can't see
Coming through the melody when the night bird sings
Love is a wild thing
Love is a wild thing
Love is a wild thing, yeah

[Verse 1]
It's not you, it's the glow of the party
The way that you've got me lit up inside
It's the song that they're playin', the words that you're sayin'
It's never felt so right

[Pre-Chorus]
And I'm the kind of person who starts getting kinda nervous
When I'm having the time of my life

[Chorus]
Is there a word for the way that I'm feeling tonight?
Happy and sad at the same time
You got me smiling with tears in my eyes
I never felt so high
No, I've never been this far off of the ground
And they say everything that goes up must come down
But I don't wanna come down

[Verse 2]
So is there a way to stop all this thinkin', just keep on drinkin'?
'Cause I don't wanna wake up
When they're turnin' the lights on and it turns out the joke's on me
'Cause it feels so right

[Pre-Chorus]
And I'm the kind of person who starts getting kinda nervous
When I'm having the time of my life

[Chorus]
Is there a word for the way that I'm feeling tonight?
Happy and sad at the same time
You got me smilin' with tears in my eyes
I never felt so high
No, I've never been this far off of the ground
And they say everything that goes up must come down
But I don't wanna come down

[Bridge]
I don't mind at all, no, I'm used to fallin'
I'm comfortable when the sky is gray
But when everything is perfect, I start hidin'
'Cause I know that rain is comin' my way, my way

[Chorus]
'Cause I'm happy and sad at the same time
You got me smilin' with tears in my eyes
I never felt so high
No, never been this far off of the ground
And they say everything that goes up, goes up must come down
And I don't wanna come down
No, I don't wanna come down

[Verse 1]
All I ever wanted was something classic
The kind of love song that goes on 'til the end of time
All I ever wanted was a little magic
With a good laugh, jet-black sparkle in his eyes

[Chorus]
You're my velvet Elvis, I ain't never gonna take you down
Making everybody jealous when they step into my house
Soft to the touch, feels like love, knew it as soon as I felt it
You're my velvet Elvis, baby

[Verse 2]
I don't really care 'bout the Mona Lisa
I need a Graceland kind of man who's always on my mind
I wanna show you off every evening
Go out with you in powder blue and tease my hair up high

[Chorus]
You're my velvet Elvis, I ain't never gonna take you down
Making everybody jealous when they step into my house
Soft to the touch, feels like love, knew it as soon as I felt it
You're my velvet Elvis, baby
You're my velvet Elvis, baby

[Bridge]
I knew it as soon as I felt it
Mm-mm, I knew it as soon as I felt it
Yeah

[Chorus]
You're my velvet Elvis, I ain't never gonna take you down
Making everybody jealous when they step into my house
Soft to the touch, feels like love, knew it as soon as I felt it
You're my velvet Elvis, baby
You're my velvet Elvis, baby, yeah

[Verse 1]
I like where this is going
You like it too
We rarely never ever don't see eye to eye
We're going to

[Pre-Chorus 1]
I can show you strong, I can fight for you
I can try to move mountains if you want me to

[Chorus]
But, baby, I ain't Wonder Woman
I don't know how to lasso the love out of you
Don't you know I'm only human?
And if I let you down, I don't mean to
All I need's a place to land
I don't need a Superman to win my lovin'
'Cause, baby, I ain't Wonder Woman

[Verse 2]
Bet all that gold gets heavy
Weighin' on her
I wonder if it's scary
Always tryin' not to get hurt

[Pre-Chorus 2]
I know how it feels, it ain't easy
There's a reason why you only see it in the movies

[Chorus]
'Cause, baby, I ain't Wonder Woman
I don't know how to lasso the truth out of you
Don't you know I'm only human?
And if I let you down, I don't mean to
All I need's a place to land
I don't need a Superman to win my lovin'

[Bridge]
You don't know how to fly, no
That's okay, neither do I

[Chorus]
I know I ain't Wonder Woman
I don't know how to lasso the love out of you
Don't you know I'm only human?
And if I let you down, I don't mean to
All I need's a place to land
I don't need a Superman to win my lovin'
'Cause, baby, I ain't Wonder Woman
Yeah, I know I ain't Wonder Woman

[Verse 1]
Oh, I bet you think you're John Wayne
Showing up and shooting down everybody
You're classic in the wrong way
And we all know the end of the story

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause everyone knows someone who kills the buzz
Every time they open up their mouth
Yeah, everyone knows someone who knows someone
Who thinks they're cooler than everybody else

[Chorus]
And I think we've seen enough, seen enough
To know that you ain't ever gonna come down
So, why don't you giddy up, giddy up
And ride straight out of this town?
You and your high horse, mmm-mmm
You and your high horse, mmm-mmm

[Verse 2]
I bet you think you're first place
Yeah, someone should give you a ribbon
And put you in the hall of fame
For all the games that you think that you're winning

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause everyone knows someone who kills the buzz
Every time they open up their mouth
Yeah, everyone knows someone who knows someone
Who thinks they're cooler than everybody else

[Chorus]
And I think we've seen enough, seen enough
To know that you ain't ever gonna come down
So, why don't you giddy up, giddy up
And ride straight out of this town?
You and your high horse, mmm-mmm
You and your high horse, mmm-mmm

[Bridge]
Darling, you take the high horse and I'll take the high road
Mmm-mmm
If you're too good for us, you'll be good riding solo

[Chorus]
Yeah, I think we've seen enough, seen enough
To know that you ain't ever gonna come down
So, why don't you giddy up, giddy up
And ride straight out of this town?
You and your high horse, mmm-mmm
You and your high horse, mmm-mmm
High horse, mmm-mmm
You ain't ever gonna come down
You ain't ever gonna come down

[Verse 1]
When it rains, it pours
But you didn't even notice
It ain't rainin' anymore
It's hard to breathe when all you know is
The struggle of stayin' above the risin' water line

[Chorus]
Well, the sky has finally opened
The rain and wind stopped blowin'
But you're stuck out in the same ol' storm again
You hold tight to your umbrella
Well, darlin', I'm just tryin' to tell ya
That there's always been a rainbow
Hangin' over your head

[Verse 2]
If you could see what I see
You'd be blinded by the colors
Yellow, red, and orange, and green
And at least a million others
So tie up the boat, take off your coat
And take a look around

[Chorus]
'Cause the sky has finally opened
The rain and wind stopped blowin'
But you're stuck out in the same ol' storm again
You hold tight to your umbrella
Well, darlin', I'm just tryin' to tell ya
That there's always been a rainbow
Hangin' over your head

[Bridge]
Oh, tie up the boat, take off your coat
And take a look around
Everything is alright now

[Chorus]
'Cause the sky has finally opened
The rain and wind stopped blowin'
But you're stuck out in the same ol' storm again
Let go of your umbrella
'Cause, darlin', I'm just tryin' to tell ya
That there's always been a rainbow
Hangin' over your head
Yeah, there's always been a rainbow
Hangin' over your head

[Outro]
Mmm
It'll all be alright

[Verse 1]
Talkin' in my sleep at night, makin' myself crazy
(Out of my mind, out of my mind)
Wrote it down and read it out, hopin' it would save me
(Too many times, too many times)
My love, he makes me feel like nobody else, nobody else
But my love, he doesn't love me, so I tell myself, I tell myself

[Pre-Chorus]
One: Don't pick up the phone
You know he's only callin' 'cause he's drunk and alone
Two: Don't let him in
You'll have to kick him out again
Three: Don't be his friend
You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning
And if you're under him, you ain't gettin' over him

[Chorus]
I got new rules, I count 'em (hey)
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself

[Verse 2]
I keep pushin' forwards, but he keeps pullin' me backwards
(Nowhere to turn, no way)
(Nowhere to turn, no)
Now I'm standin' back from it, I finally see the pattern
(I never learn, I never learn)
But my love, he doesn't love me, so I tell myself, I tell myself
I do, I do, I do

[Pre-Chorus]
One: Don't pick up the phone
You know he's only callin' 'cause he's drunk and alone
Two: Don't let him in
You'll have to kick him out again
Three: Don't be his friend
You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning
And if you're under him, you ain't gettin' over him

[Chorus]
I got new rules, I count 'em (hey)
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself

[Bridge]
Practice makes perfect
I'm still tryna learn it by heart (I got new rules, I count 'em)
Eat, sleep, and breathe it
Rehearse and repeat it, 'cause I... (I got new...)

[Pre-Chorus]
One: Don't pick up the phone (yeah)
You know he's only callin' 'cause he's drunk and alone (alone)
Two: Don't let him in (uh-ooh)
You'll have to kick him out again
Three: Don't be his friend
You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning
And if you're under him, you ain't gettin' over him

[Chorus]
I got new rules, I count 'em (hey)
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself
I got new rules, I count 'em (hey)
I gotta tell them to myself

[Outro]
Don't let him in, don't let him in
Don't, don't, don't, don't...
Don't be his friend, don't be his friend
Don't, don't, don't, don't...
Don't let him in, don't let him in
Don't, don't, don't, don't...
Don't be his friend, don't be his friend
Don't, don't, don't, don't...
You're gettin' over him

[Verse 1]
Fatal, this attraction
Yeah, we might just end up crashin'
But I'm ready if it happens with you
Meet me out in Cali when I'm far away from family
And I need someone to hold onto

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby, take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 2]
Left my heart wide open
Fallin' in and out of focus
Pressure flowin' like a river in my head
Crying you ain't with me and it's floodin' the whole city
While my soul's burnin' like a cigarette

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Bridge]
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?

[Breakdown]
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 1]
Fatal, this attraction
Yeah, we might just end up crashin'
But I'm ready if it happens with you
Meet me out in Cali when I'm far away from family
And I need someone to hold onto

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby, take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 2]
Left my heart wide open
Fallin' in and out of focus
Pressure flowin' like a river in my head
Crying you ain't with me and it's floodin' the whole city
While my soul's burnin' like a cigarette

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Bridge]
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?

[Breakdown]
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 1]
Fatal, this attraction
Yeah, we might just end up crashin'
But I'm ready if it happens with you
Meet me out in Cali when I'm far away from family
And I need someone to hold onto

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby, take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 2]
Left my heart wide open
Fallin' in and out of focus
Pressure flowin' like a river in my head
Crying you ain't with me and it's floodin' the whole city
While my soul's burnin' like a cigarette

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 1]
Fatal, this attraction
Yeah, we might just end up crashin'
But I'm ready if it happens with you
Meet me out in Cali when I'm far away from family
And I need someone to hold onto

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby, take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 2]
Left my heart wide open
Fallin' in and out of focus
Pressure flowin' like a river in my head
Crying you ain't with me and it's floodin' the whole city
While my soul's burnin' like a cigarette

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Bridge]
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?

[Breakdown]
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Intro]
I'm wearing all black to the wedding
Like you know love, from some western, yeah
Your face, our fingers laced, I'm a little bit nervous
But I'm counting down the days

[Chorus]
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do

[Verse 1]
I can't wait to lasso you up on our honeymoon
And baby we can
Go what you want on our honeymoon
I'll know soon and I can't

[Chorus]
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do

[Verse 2]
Your pretty eyes there
With the wind in your hair
And I knew
It was you
Your pretty eyes there
With the wind in your hair
And I knew
It was you

[Chorus]
I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do
And I can't wait
I wanna run away with you
I wanna hear you say I do, just say I do

[Intro]
Earl on the beat, Earl on the beat
Earl on the beat, Earl on the beat
Ah, ahhh, ah
Lil Boat

[Chorus]
Hip hop's most wanted (yeah)
I'm in a Ghost, haunted (skrrt)
Took a break, now I'm back 'cause that's what they wanted, uh
What they wanted (wanted), yeah, I'm what they wanted (wanted)
Took a break, now I'm back 'cause it's what they wanted (wanted)

[Post-Chorus]
From the East to the West (yeah)
All my fans the best, all my bitches the baddest

[Verse 1]
Like skrrt in a drop top (skrrt)
Damn, baby girl look so fine in that crop top (fine)
Why my name always in your mouth just like Pop Rocks? (yeah)
I don't understand (no)
Take a pint on the jet, yeah that's contraband (yeah)
Oh, diamonds keep me cooler than a ceilin' fan
Oh, all this drink gon' turn a nigga to the Michelin Man
No, I gotta slow down (yeah)
Fuck that shit, I'm pourin' up now (hahaha, yeah)
And my new choppa hold a hundred rounds
(pew-pew-pew-pew-pew)
I'm so happy, I can't remember the last time I had to fake a smile
Yeah

[Chorus]
Hip hop's most wanted (wanted)
I'm in a Ghost, haunted (haunted)
Took a break, now I'm back 'cause that's what they wanted, uh
What they wanted (wanted), yeah, I'm what they wanted (wanted)
Took a break, now I'm back 'cause it's what they wanted

[Post-Chorus]
From the East to the West (yeah)
All my fans the best (yeah), all my bitches the baddest (yeah-ah)

[Verse 2]
I got 2, 3 cell phones (yeah, ring-ring)
Pick it up, "Who is it?" It's your main ho (brrt)
Your main ho, my gang ho
The same ho, she switched clothes (skrt)
'Cause I fucked her in a Range Rove (fuck, fuck)
Fired up (ooh), lay it up (ooh)
I can't do (no), I can't choose (no)
I'm gettin' money, I'm gettin' all the blues (yeah)
Lil Boat (gang-gang)
Said I'm back and I'm better (yeah)
Know I look good 'cause my bitch pussy wetter (yeah)
Treat the stock of my Uzi as light as a feather (pew-pew-pew)
And the beam got me shootin' like Kareem

[Chorus]
Hip hop's most wanted (wanted)
I'm in a Ghost, haunted (haunted)
Took a break, now I'm back 'cause that's what they wanted, uh
What they wanted (wanted), yeah, I'm what they wanted (wanted)
Took a break, now I'm back 'cause it's what they wanted (wanted)

[Post-Chorus]
From the East (from the East) to the West (to the West)
All my fans the best (they are), all my bitches the baddest (yeah)

[Outro]
Like-
From the East (yeah)
From the East to the West
All my fans (yeah) the best, all my bitches the baddest (Lil Boat)
From the East to the West
All my fans the best, all my bitches the baddest

[Verse 1]
Is your house all made of stone?
'Heard the view's quite high but lone
(You're on your own)

[Chorus]
Mailman once again hands empty, and mail free
Who won't speak to me?
Spotlights pass short thy
Driveway, halfway (halfway)
Who won't dare to stay?

[Verse 2]
'Brought my scarf, won't catch a cold
Place is windy, I've been told
(You're getting old)
'Brought my scarf, won't catch a cold
Place is windy, I've been told
(You're on your own)

[Chorus]
Mailman once again hands empty, and mail free (mail free)
Who won't speak to me?
Spotlights pass short thy
Driveway, halfway (halfway)
Who won't dare to stay?

[Verse 1]
Fatal, this attraction
Yeah, we might just end up crashin'
But I'm ready if it happens with you
Meet me out in Cali when I'm far away from family
And I need someone to hold onto

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby, take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 2]
Left my heart wide open
Fallin' in and out of focus
Pressure flowin' like a river in my head
Crying you ain't with me and it's floodin' the whole city
While my soul's burnin' like a cigarette

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 1]
Fatal, this attraction
Yeah, we might just end up crashin'
But I'm ready if it happens with you
Meet me out in Cali when I'm far away from family
And I need someone to hold onto

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby, take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 2]
Left my heart wide open
Fallin' in and out of focus
Pressure flowin' like a river in my head
Crying you ain't with me and it's floodin' the whole city
While my soul's burnin' like a cigarette

[Pre-Chorus]
You're the only thing I know
And I don't wanna let this go
Close to you I feel, feel like I'm at home
Can't wait 'til we're alone

[Bridge]
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?
Way too soon to feel so strong
Way too young to hurt so long
I'm hurtin'
Was it worth it?

[Breakdown]
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Chorus]
We were built to last
We were built like that
Baby, take my hand
Dive in this romance
We could burn and crash
We could take a chance
Holdin' nothin' back
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance
Like it's our last dance

[Verse 1]
I see the moon, I see the moon, I see the moon
Oh, when you're looking at the sun
Not a fool, I'm not a fool, not a fool
No, you're not fooling anyone

[Refrain]
Oh, but when you're gone
When you're gone, when you're gone
Oh baby, all the lights go out
Thinking, oh that, baby, I was wrong
I was wrong, I was wrong
Come back to me, baby, we can work this out

[Chorus]
Oh baby, come on, let me get to know you
Just another chance so that I can show
That I won't let you down and run
No, I won't let you down and run
Cause I could be the one
I could be the one
I could be the one
Cause I could be the one

[Verse 2]
I see in blue, I see in blue, I see in blue
Oh, when you see everything in red
There is nothing that I wouldn't do for you
Do for you, do for you
Oh, cause you got inside my head

[Refrain]
Oh, but when you're gone
When you're gone, when you're gone
Oh baby, all the lights go out
Thinking, oh that, baby, I was wrong
I was wrong, I was wrong
Come back to me, baby, we can work this out

[Chorus]
Oh baby, come on, let me get to know you
Just another chance so that I can show
That I won't let you down and run
No, I won't let you down and run
Cause I could be the one

[Verse 1]
Talkin' in my sleep at night, makin' myself crazy
(Out of my mind, out of my mind)
Wrote it down and read it out, hopin' it would save me
(Too many times, too many times)

[Interlude]
My love, he makes me feel like nobody else, nobody else
But my love, he doesn't love me, so I tell myself, I tell myself

[Pre-Chorus]
One: Don't pick up the phone
You know he's only callin' 'cause he's drunk and alone
Two: Don't let him in
You'll have to kick him out again
Three: Don't be his friend
You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning
And if you're under him, you ain't gettin' over him

[Chorus]
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself
I got new rules, I count 'em

[Verse 2]
I keep pushin' forwards, but he keeps pullin' me backwards
(Nowhere to turn, no way)
(Nowhere to turn, no)
Now I'm standin' back from it, I finally see the pattern
(I never learn, I never learn)

[Interlude]
But my love, he doesn't love me, so I tell myself, I tell myself

[Chorus]
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself
I got new rules, I count 'em

[Verse 1]
Talkin' in my sleep at night, makin' myself crazy
(Out of my mind, out of my mind)
Wrote it down and read it out, hopin' it would save me
(Too many times, too many times)

[Interlude]
My love, he makes me feel like nobody else, nobody else
But my love, he doesn't love me, so I tell myself, I tell myself

[Pre-Chorus]
One: Don't pick up the phone
You know he's only callin' 'cause he's drunk and alone
Two: Don't let him in
You'll have to kick him out again
Three: Don't be his friend
You know you're gonna wake up in his bed in the morning
And if you're under him, you ain't gettin' over him

[Chorus]
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em
I gotta tell them to myself
I got new rules, I count 'em
I got new rules, I count 'em

[Verse 1]
I see the moon, I see the moon, I see the moon
Oh, when you're looking at the sun
Not a fool, I'm not a fool, not a fool
No, you're not fooling anyone

[Refrain]
Oh, but when you're gone
When you're gone, when you're gone
Oh baby, all the lights go out
Thinking, oh that, baby, I was wrong
I was wrong, I was wrong
Come back to me, baby, we can work this out

[Chorus]
Oh baby, come on, let me get to know you
Just another chance so that I can show
That I won't let you down
No, I won't let you down
Oh baby, come on, let me get to know you
Just another chance so that I can show
That I won't let you down
No, I won't let you down

[Verse 2]
I see in blue, I see in blue, I see in blue
Oh, when you see everything in red
There is nothing that I wouldn't do for you
Do for you, do for you
Oh, cause you got inside my head

[Refrain]
Oh, but when you're gone
When you're gone, when you're gone
Oh baby, all the lights go out
Thinking, oh that, baby, I was wrong
I was wrong, I was wrong
Come back to me, baby, we can work this out

[Chorus]
Oh baby, come on, let me get to know you
Just another chance so that I can show
That I won't let you down
No, I won't let you down
Oh baby, come on, let me get to know you
Just another chance so that I can show
That I won't let you down
No, I won't let you down

[Intro: Buju Banton]
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me

[Chorus: Buju Banton]
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's a murderer, she's killing everybody in the club

[Verse 1: Bounty Killer]
Draw flies when you're gift from God
Step up a little don't know every man ah act mad
Gyal ah play yuh ears to have the shoes and the bag
Wishing they have what you have
Diamonds round yuh neck ah' shine
Man ah' get crazy, gyal ah' get blind
Up on the dance floor, and start whine
Everything perfect, you're on time
How me ah' go sleep tonight?
You deh pon mi mind
Could I have your number?
Do you want mine?
She so cute too, dance so fine
I must have fi see this gyal here one more time
Must make her mine

[Pre-Chorus: Buju Banton]
She's a murderer
She's killing everybody in the club, so bad
She's a murderer
I want her on ice and be loved so bad

[Chorus: Buju Banton]
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me, killing me
She's a murderer, she's killing everybody in the club

[Verse 2: Busta Rhymes]
(Best believe Busta got you on this one, homie)
Best believe I'm back
And got another anthem with the baddest
Bitch that's whippin, tryna fuck me in my Phantom
And now she tryna kill me
Like I'm 'posed to cop a plea or somethin'
All in her ass, like I was playing with the wrist
Now it's you and me, ain't nothin' stoppin how we riding out
Shorty unbelievable, the type you fantasize about
Peep how shorty wild 'em out, swag so undeniable
To the point, where shorty beauty undescribable
When it comes to women, we no play
Dem gyal weh' we have ah' di wickedest
We no care what them waan say
You don't no fi see them everyday
But when shorty step up in the club
You need to step up out her way, cause

[Pre-Chorus: Buju Banton]
She's a murderer
She's killing everybody in the club, so bad
She's a murderer
I want her on ice and be loved so bad

[Chorus: Buju Banton]
She's killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me

[Verse 3: Buju Banton]
That gyal deh' straight fi killer, not no laughin'
I'm attracted 'til it all ah' hurt me heartstring
And man ah' bad man,  mi nuh do dem ting here often

[?]
Where she get that bag deh', is what I'm askin'
Well to spend out every dime and give her the last thing

[?]
But them hoe look how them tough, and look like sharkskin
Your face killin' me, and yuh shape killin' me
We met once before
So me no say that you feelin' me
Oh, man, what's the dilli-lee?
Hey, just keep it realli-lee
A great romantic union is what it's gonna billi-lee

[Pre-Chorus: Buju Banton]
She's a murderer
She's killing everybody in the club, so bad
She's a murderer
I want her on ice and be loved so bad

[Chorus: Buju Banton]
She's killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me
She's killing me, killing me, killing me

[Chorus: Schife]
You can catch us in the latest whips, poppin Champagne
Then we hit the strip club, and start a campaine
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out
Killing these niggas, bout 3 or 4 chains
Just running the place, bout 3 or 4 thangs
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out

[Verse 1: Nelly]
Lamborghini, check
Blue Ferrari, check
Mozzerati Mustang, jumpin out that vet
Fresher than it gets
Louie VVS
Rolli game sick, bluer than the mets
Pull up to the jets
Take off in the next
Feeling like the goldin child, y'all ain't even up next
Shorty she the best, she sexy as it gets
Nothing like the rest, she shake it like Turrettes
Hey hey, my shorty go down
Hey hey, now throw your money out
Catch me at a light strip, if you wanna dip
We don't waist money round here, everything's a slip

[Chorus: Schife]
You can catch us in the latest whips, poppin Champagne
Then we hit the strip club, and start a campaign (Yeah)
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out
Killing these niggas, bout 3 or 4 chains
Just running the place, bout 3 or 4 thangs (Biz)
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out

[Verse 2: Boosie Badazz]
Boosie Badazz
What what what
Drop drop drop, bring the money out
400 cheese cake, up in my Louis bag
I'm not self righchis, 30 karots round my neck
I don't make it rain, I make it thunderstorm
New whip, back seat with the goons
When I'm in the club, I light up the whole room
Got that Rosay in my hand, down south I'm the man
All these hoes love me, like pussy in a can
Got that house on the hill, dolla dolla dolla bills
You call a stack a G, but I call a stack a mill
For real, I'm on a level with kingpins and mobs
Don't get them choppers, if you ain't coming with them dollas

[Chorus: Schife]
You can catch us in the latest whips, poppin Champagne
Then we hit the strip club, and start a campaine (Yeah)
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out
Killing these niggas, bout 3 or 4 chains
Just running the place, bout 3 or 4 thangs
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out

[Verse 3: Ace Hood]
Excuse me motherfucker, my swag got that bird flow
Hurricane Ace here, you should find shelter
Mr. cash addict, you should go and see a counselor
Dump you with no cash, in the river where they found ya
Flowin like a fountin, money getting countless
Mr. don't test girl, my flow sick
I come down for the people, make a mess
I'm the shit period, cold text
And fuck a hater and his thoughts, safe sex
Just bring my money, we don't do cheques
Diamonds on my chest, brighter than a dike vest
This the hood stretched money, bowflex

[Chorus: Schife]
You can catch us in the latest whips, poppin Champagne
Then we hit the strip club, and start a campaine
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out
Killing these niggas, bout 3 or 4 chains
Just running the place, bout 3 or 4 thangs
Bring the money out, bring the money out
Bring the duffle bag, bring the money out
There comes a time, in every woman's life
When she meets that special someone
Ooh...
And he makes her feel... like a woman
OW!
And if you awake all of the fire
Sweet passion. Yeah...
And I wanna say...

I need you so bad tonight, ooh, baby...
I want you so bad tonight, ooh, darlin'...
I need you so bad tonight, yeah, baby, to
Hold me, yeah...

I need you so bad tonight, ooh, baby...
I want you so bad tonight, ooh, darlin'...
I need you so bad tonight, hey, baby, now;
Hold me, yeah, yeah!

In the mornin', baby, when I rise
If I can look into your pretty brown eyes...
Hold me close, darlin', hold me tight;
Love me good with all your passion and your might...
I need you so bad tonight, ooh, baby...
I want you so bad tonight, hey, darlin'...
I need you so bad tonight, yeah, baby, to
Hold me, ooh, oh...

Wanna feel your lovin' hot on me;
Kissin' me all over so tenderly, yeah...
Hold me close and let your passion rise;
I'm your woman, baby, through the lows and the highs...

I need you so bad tonight, baby...
I need you so bad tonight, ooh, darlin'...
I need you so bad tonight, yeah, baby;
Hold me, yeah...

Darlin'... I love you. I love you
With me, you're free to be
A love that's... understanding, and never demanding
Feel the fires, feel the fires. Come on

I wanna taste your lovin', baby, please
Brings me right on down to my knees...
Do it good, baby, do it sweet;
You're my soulmate, and I sho' am your

I need you so bad tonight, hey, baby...
I want you so bad tonight, oh, darlin'...
I need you so bad tonight, yeah, baby, to
Hold me, yeah, yeah, yeah...
Sweet passion... passion... sweet passion, hey...
Passion... mm-mm... passion, yeah...
Sweet passion... passion... passion, ooh-ow, ooh-oh...
Passion... passion... passion, hey-yeah-hey...
Sweet passion... passion... ooh, hoo....
Sweet passion... mm, passion... hey, yeah, yeah...
Oh, passion... passion... passion...
Passion... passion... my passion, hey, hey, hey, hey...
Passion... sweet... passion, yeah... (Yeah, hey, hey, hey...)
Passion... mm, ooh... passion, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah...
Passion... yeah, passion... passion...
Passion... oh-ooh, passion... hey, hey, hey, hey...
Passion... passion...

[Intro]
I-It's voodoo
I-It's voodoo

[Verse 1]
I can't get away
Found a home in your heartbeat
I keep coming back again
There's a madness that surrounds me
And when you're a thousand miles away
I'm holding on for you
I get on my knees to pray
'Cause I've fallen under you

[Chorus]
It's your voodoo
It's your voodoo
(I-It's voodoo)
Is this what they call love?
'Cause I can't get enough
Must be voodoo
(I-It's voodoo)

[Verse 2]
You're my heavy rain
You drench me off with nothing
For all you gotta say, at least can you mean something?
And when you're a thousand miles away
What am I supposed to do?
It's strange, 'cause your love stayed
I've fallen under you

[Chorus]
It's your voodoo
(It's your) It's your voodoo
(I-It's voodoo)
Is this what they call love?
'Cause I can't get enough
Must be voodoo
(I-It's voodoo)

[Interlude]
(I-It's voodoo)
Voodoo, voodoo
Voodoo, voodoo
(I-It's voodoo)
Voodoo, voodoo
Voodoo, voodoo

[Bridge]
Why won't you let me go?
I'm under your control
Fighting to let you go
And I can't get out
Why won't you let me go?
I'm under your control
Fighting to let you go
And I can't get out

[Chorus]
It's your voodoo (voodoo, voodoo)
(It's your) It's your voodoo (voodoo, voodoo)
(I-It's your voodoo)
Is this what they call love? (voodoo, voodoo)
'Cause I can't get enough
Must be voodoo (voodoo, voodoo)
(I-It's your voodoo)

[Outro]
(Voodoo, voodoo)
It's your voo-ooh
(Voodoo, voodoo)
Is this what they call love?
(Voodoo, voodoo)
Must be voodoo
(Voodoo, voodoo)

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Something you wanted to do all your life
There's no more waiting, tonight is the night
And it can't be wrong, not if it feels this right
Turn it up
Scream it loud, yeah

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Dyro]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Dyro]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Breakdown: Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Sick Individuals]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Justin Prime & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now

[Drop: Justin Prime & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Something you wanted to do all your life
There's no more waiting, tonight is the night
And it can't be wrong, not if it feels this right
Turn it up
Scream it loud, yeah

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Justin Prime & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Something you wanted to do all your life
There's no more waiting, tonight is the night
And it can't be wrong, not if it feels this right
Turn it up
Scream it loud, yeah

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Dyro]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Dyro]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Sick Individuals]

[Verse: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Breakdown 1: Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
Right now, right now, right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Breakdown 2: Rihanna]
So get up right now
You got me fiendin'
So get up right now

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Justin Prime & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now

[Drop: Justin Prime & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Something you wanted to do all your life
There's no more waiting, tonight is the night
And it can't be wrong, not if it feels this right
Turn it up
Scream it loud, yeah

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop: Justin Prime & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 1: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
Get up right now
So get up right now

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 2: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Something you wanted to do all your life
There's no more waiting, tonight is the night
And it can't be wrong, not if it feels this right
Turn it up
Scream it loud, yeah

[Chorus: Rihanna]
(Tomorrow way too far away)
(Tomorrow way too far away)
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 2: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 1: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
Get up right now
So get up right now
Get up right now

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 2: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Something you wanted to do all your life
There's no more waiting, tonight is the night
And it can't be wrong, not if it feels this right
Turn it up
Scream it loud, yeah
(Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 2: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now

[Post-Drop: Rihanna]
Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up
Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up
Turn it up
Tomorrow way too far away, ohhh
Tomorrow way too far away, ohhh

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
(Get up right now)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 1: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
Get up right now
So get up right now
Get up right now

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Baby, tonight I need you
And I feel it when I see you
Wherever you wanna go
Whenever, baby, I'm yours

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 2: Ralphi Rosario & Rihanna]
'Cause all we got is right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
So close, I can taste you
Ain't scared, I can take you
Can't fight the feeling
Got me fiendin'
You got me fiendin'
Something you wanted to do all your life
There's no more waiting, tonight is the night
And it can't be wrong, not if it feels this right
Turn it up
Scream it loud, yeah
(Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up)

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now

[Drop 2: Ralphi Rosario]

[Post-Drop: Rihanna]
Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up
Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, turn it up
Turn it up
Tomorrow way too far away, ohhh
Tomorrow way too far away, ohhh

[Chorus: Rihanna]
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
Tomorrow way too far away
And we can't get back yesterday
But we young right now
We got right now
So get up right now
'Cause all we got is right now
(Get up right now)

[Verse 1]
I can never be a tough guy
I play my cards right
And maybe next time
Will you be mine?

[Verse 2]
We can make it only if we try
Sweet baby you got the sweetest kisses alive
I'm not gonna argue
That's just something that I'm not willing to do

[Chorus 1]
Take me home
Down cottage roads, yeah
Cottage roads, yeah
Cottage roads

[Verse 3]
Let's go fishing out on the lake
When it gets dark I'll take you in and cook for you babe
That's just something that I'm gonna do
To show you how much I really love you

[Verse 4]
I'll talk my dirty talk
I'll tell you secrets that no one else has heard of
I'll be the man, the man of your dreams
If you say yes and be the woman I need

[Chorus]
Take me home
Down cottage roads, yeah
Cottage roads, yeah
Cottage roads

[Outro]
Da-dum-da-da-da-da-dum-da
Da-dum-da-da-da-da-dum-da
Da-dum-da-da-da-da-dum-da
Da-dum-da-da-da-da-dum-da

[Verse 1]
Where do we go from here?
This isn't where we intended to be
We had it all, you believed in me
I believed in you

[Verse 2]
Certainties disappear
What do we do for our dreams to survive?
How do we keep all our passions alive
As we used to do?

[Chorus]
Deep in my heart, I'm concealing
Things that I'm longing to say
Scared to confess what I'm feeling
Frightened you'll slip away
You must love me, you must love me

[Verse 3]
Why are you at my side?
How can I be any use to you now?
Give me a chance and I'll let you see how
Nothing has changed

[Chorus]
Deep in my heart, I'm concealing
Things that I'm longing to say
Scared to confess what I'm feeling
Frightened you'll slip away
You must love me, you must love me
You must love me
My, my, you looked nice in it
Yeah, you looked nice
Neck's all wet from the heat
Back in college you had all of me
I made a promise you'd have all of me

And right now you look nice
You look nice
When we're causing a scene in the street
Near-rotted carvings left from halloween
"You made a promise you'd take all of me"

Now you're hollering out "will you stay for me"
Will you wait for me outside
You're hollering out "will you stay for me
And I'm waiting for you outside
I'm outside just waiting
I'm outside just waiting
I'm outside just waiting
I'm outside just waiting
Oh my you look nice
You look nice
Crescent moon at your feet
In Colorado snow was following me
I made a promise you'd have all of me

Now if the light goes out will you stay with me
Will you wait for me inside?
If the light goes out
Will you wait?
Will you wait?
Will you wait?

I'm getting tired just waiting

[Verse 1]
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
That's the way it was
You was good on the low
For a faded fuck
On some faded love
Shit, what the fuck you complaining for?
Feeling jaded, huh?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to you
Had some fun on the run though I'll give it to you

[Pre-Chorus]
But baby, don't get it twisted
You was just another nigga on the hit list
Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch
Didn't they tell you that I was a savage?
Fuck ya white horse and ya carriage
Bet you never could imagine
Never told you you could have it

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me

[Drop: R3hab]

[Chorus]
To feel a little more, and give a little less
Know you hate to confess
But baby ooo, you needed me

[Verse 2]
You been rollin' around, shit I'm rollin' up
Light and roll it up
Break it down, like a pound, shit was never us
Shit was never us
That's the real, on the real, are you serious?
How you feel, how you feel?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to ya
Had some fun on the run though, I give it to ya

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me

[Drop: R3hab]

[Verse 1]
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
That's the way it was
You was good on the low
For a faded fuck
On some faded love
Shit, what the fuck you complaining for?
Feeling jaded, huh?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to you
Had some fun on the run though I'll give it to you

[Pre-Chorus]
But baby, don't get it twisted
You was just another nigga on the hit list
Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch
Didn't they tell you that I was a savage?
Fuck ya white horse and ya carriage
Bet you never could imagine
Never told you you could have it

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me

[Drop: W&W]

[Verse 2]
You been rollin' around, shit I'm rollin' up
Light and roll it up
Break it down, like a pound, shit was never us
Shit was never us
That's the real, on the real, are you serious?
How you feel, how you feel?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to ya
Had some fun on the run though, I give it to ya

[Pre-Chorus]
But baby, don't get it twisted
You was just another nigga on the hit list
Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch
Didn't they tell you that I was a savage?
Fuck ya white horse and ya carriage
Bet you never could imagine
Never told you you could have it

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me
Needed me, needed me

[Drop: W&W]

[Chorus]
To feel a little more, and give a little less
Know you hate to confess
But baby ooo, you needed me

[Verse 1]
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
That's the way it was
You was good on the low
For a faded fuck
On some faded love
Shit, what the fuck you complaining for?
Feeling jaded, huh?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to you
Had some fun on the run though I'll give it to you

[Pre-Chorus]
But baby, don't get it twisted
You was just another nigga on the hit list
Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch
Didn't they tell you that I was a savage?
Fuck ya white horse and ya carriage
Bet you never could imagine
Never told you you could have it

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me
To feel a little more, and give a little less
Know you hate to confess
But baby ooo, you needed me

[Drop: ATTLAS & Rihanna]
But baby

[Verse 2]
You been rollin' around, shit I'm rollin' up
Light and roll it up
Break it down, like a pound, shit was never us
Shit was never us
That's the real, on the real, are you serious?
How you feel, how you feel?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to ya
Had some fun on the run though, I give it to ya

[Pre-Chorus]
But baby, don't get it twisted
You was just another nigga on the hit list
Never told you you could have it

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me
To feel a little more, and give a little less
Know you hate to confess
But baby ooo, you needed me

[Drop: ATTLAS & Rihanna]
But baby

[Faded Vocals: Rihanna]
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
But baby

[Drop: ATTLAS & Rihanna]
But baby

[Verse 1]
I was good on my own
That's the way it was
That's the way it was
You was good on the low
For a faded fuck
On some faded love
Shit, what the fuck you complaining for?
Feeling jaded, huh?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to you
Had some fun on the run though I'll give it to you

[Pre-Chorus]
But baby, don't get it twisted
You was just another nigga on the hit list
Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch
Didn't they tell you that I was a savage?
Fuck ya white horse and ya carriage
Bet you never could imagine
Never told you you could have it

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me
To feel a little more, and give a little less
Know you hate to confess
But baby ooo, you needed me

[Verse 2]
You been rollin' around, shit I'm rollin' up
Light and roll it up
Break it down, like a pound, shit was never us
Shit was never us
That's the real, on the real, are you serious?
How you feel, how you feel?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to ya
Had some fun on the run though, I give it to ya

[Pre-Chorus]
But baby, don't get it twisted
You was just another nigga on the hit list
Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch
Didn't they tell you that I was a savage?
Fuck ya white horse and ya carriage
Bet you never could imagine
Never told you you could have it

[Chorus]
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me
To feel a little more, and give a little less
Know you hate to confess
But baby ooo, you needed me

[Verse 2]
You been rollin' around, shit I'm rollin' up
Light and roll it up
Break it down, like a pound, shit was never us
Shit was never us
That's the real, on the real, are you serious?
How you feel, how you feel?
Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to ya
Had some fun on the run though, I give it to ya

[Chorus]
Oooh, you needed me
You needed me
To feel a little more, and give a little less
Know you hate to confess
But baby ooo, you needed me
You needed me
Oooh, you needed me
Maintain our focus and elevate
Maintain our focus and elevate
Maintain our focus and elevate

[Rap: Guru]
The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain
And your tomorrow it'll all be the same

[Verse 1]
I'm crying everyone's tears
And they're inside our private war
I died the night before
And all of these remnants of joy and disaster
What am I supposed to do?
I want to cook you a soup that warms your soul
But nothing would change, nothing would change at all
It's just a day that brings it all about
Just another day and nothing's any good

[Chorus:]
The D.J's playing the same song
I have so much to do, I have to carry on
I wonder if this grief will ever let me go
I feel like I am the King of Sorrow
The King of Sorrow

[Rap: Guru]
The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain
The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain

[Verse 2:]
I suppose I could just walk away
Will I disappoint my future if I stay?
It's just a day that brings it all about
Just another day and nothing's any good

[Chorus:]
The D.J's playing the same song
I have so much to do, I have to carry on
I wonder will this grief ever be gone
Will it ever go?
I'm the King of Sorrow
The King of Sorrow

[Rap: Guru]
The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain
The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain

[Verse 3]
I'm crying everyone's tears
I have already paid for all my future sins
There's nothing anyone can say to take this away
It's just another day and nothing's any good
The king of sorrow

[Rap: Guru]
The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain
For today and for tomorrow
The one that follow with no shame
So named because she lives with humble passions
Doesn't love the fame
Forever grief, no satisfaction
More than a fraction of the agony
She'll always be the master of the tragedy
She'd gladly be in the midst of catastrophe
I know she has to be trying to free herself from this
Maybe love is pride, maybe she's doomed to unselfishness

[Outro]
The King of Sorrow
(Maintain our focus and elevate)
King of Sorrow
(The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain)
King of Sorrow
(The king of sorrow
The bearer of all pain)
King of Sorrow
Sorrow

[Verse 1]
Poor me, pour me another drink
'Cause I don't wanna feel a thing
No more, hell nah
I just wanna sip 'til the pain wears off
Poor me, pour me another round
Line 'em up and knock 'em down
Two more let's go
'Cause I ain't never hurt like this before

[Pre-Chorus]
Don't wanna think about her
Or wear a ring without her
Don't wanna hit the karaoke bar
Can't sing without her
So make them drinks strong
'Cause brother she's gone
And if I'm ever gonna move on

[Chorus]
I'ma need some whiskey glasses
'Cause I don't wanna see the truth
She's probably making out on the couch right now
With someone new
Yeah, I'ma need some whiskey glasses
If I'm gonna make it through
If I'ma be single
I'ma need a double shot of that heartbreak proof
And see the world through whiskey glasses
(Ain't nothing else to do, but sip around the truth)
And see the world through whiskey glasses
(I need a better view, where I don't drink to you)

[Verse 2]
Last call
I swear this will be my last call
Now I ain't drunk dialing no more at 3 am
Mr. Bartender hittin' me again

[Pre-Chorus]
Don't wanna think about her
Or wear a ring without her
Don't wanna hit the karaoke bar
Can't sing without her
So make them drinks strong
'Cause brother she's gone
And if I'm ever gonna move on

[Chorus]
I'ma need some whiskey glasses
'Cause I don't wanna see the truth
She's probably making out on the couch right now
With someone new
Yeah, I'ma need some whiskey glasses
If I'm gonna make it through
If I'ma be single
I'ma need a double shot of that heartbreak proof
And see the world through whiskey glasses
(Ain't nothing else to do, but sip around the truth)
Oh, see the world through whiskey glasses
(I need a better view, where I don't drink to you)

[Bridge]
Line 'em up, line 'em up, line 'em up, line 'em up
Knock 'em back, knock 'em back, knock 'em back, knock 'em back
Fill 'em up, fill 'em up, fill 'em up, fill 'em up
'Cause if she ain't ever coming back
Line 'em up, line 'em up, line 'em up, line 'em up
Knock 'em back, knock 'em back, knock 'em back, knock 'em back
Fill 'em up, fill 'em up, fill 'em up, fill 'em up
'Cause if she ain't ever coming back

[Chorus]
I'ma need some whiskey glasses
'Cause I don't wanna see the truth
She's probably making out on the couch right now
With someone new
Yeah, I'ma need some whiskey glasses
If I'm gonna make it through
If I'ma be single
I'ma need a double shot of that heartbreak proof
And see the world through whiskey glasses
(Ain't nothing else to do, but sip around the truth)
Oh, see the world through whiskey glasses
(I need a better view, where I don't drink to you)
Yeah

[Outro]
(Ain't nothing else to do, but sip around the truth)
And see the world through whiskey glasses
(I need a better view, where I don't drink to you)
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Show me how you care
Tell me how you were loved before
Show me how you smile
Tell me why your hands are cold

[Pre-Chorus]
Show me how

[Chorus]
I’m turning around, I’m having visions of you
But then I understand
The friend I’m dreaming of is far away
But I’m here, I’m here

[Verse 2]
Show me how you’re proud
Tell me how you reach the moon
My thoughts err away tonight
My heart fell to love again

[Pre-Chorus]
Show me how

[Chorus]
I’m turning around, I’m having visions of you
But then I understand
The friend I’m dreaming of is far away
And doesn’t feel my love
But I do, I do

[Intro: Redfoo & Kanye West]
Yeah, hey!
(Party Rock)
(P-P-Party Rock)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Tell me right now
Do you really want to spend your whole life alone?
A little time out might do you good
Might do us good, before we be done for good
Cause I can make it good, I can make it hood
I can make you come, I can make you go
I can make you high, I can make it fly
Make it touch the sky, Hey maybe so
All of the time you be up in my checkin' through my cellphone, baby no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night, here's another fight
Oh, here we go
Oh, here we go
Oh, here we go
Oh, here we go
Oh, here we go
Oh, here we go
Oh, here we go
Oh, here we go
(Paranoid, paranoid) Hey!

[Chorus: Kanye West & Redfoo]
Why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Paranoid, paranoid, hey!)
Why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Paranoid, paranoid)
Why are, why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(LMFAO)

[Verse 2: Redfoo]
They said that drum machines ain't got no soul
They said rap was a fad, but its surpassed rock and roll
Yeah, my jeans are tight and my hoes is white
And they play my songs in the club every night
We done lit the fuse, we done fuckin' blew
Blame it on the goose but don't blame it on the auto tunes, oh

[Chorus: Kanye West & Sky Blu]
Why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Paranoid, paranoid, hey!)
Why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Paranoid, paranoid, what up? Yeah)
Why are, why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Party Rock, paranoid, paranoid)

[Verse 3: Sky Blu]
Tight pants, Party Rock shirt (Woo)
She on my jock (Uh-huh), no need to flirt (Nah)
Haters mad, say I look funny (Oh)
But how you look funny with a pocket fulla' money? (Can't do it)
Stay grillin', I'mma stay chillin' (Yup)
Shots all around when a nigga in the buildin'
Party Rock, album in stores (Cyeah)
Get one for your mama and one for your hoe!

[Bridge]
(Paranoid, paranoid) It's the jump off
(Paranoid, paranoid)
Jump off
(Paranoid, paranoid)

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Paranoid, paranoid, hey!)
Why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Paranoid, paranoid)
Why are, why are you so paranoid? (Aha)
(Paranoid, paranoid, paranoid)
Honey, I found something
Yes, I found something
All that I ever wanted
I found in you, my heart's desire
Everything, everything about you
Makes me wish for the days gone by

'Cause everyday that I spent without you
Honey, was wasted 'cause nothing was gained
That could give my life a purpose
Until into my heart you came
And I knew I found something
Honey, I found something
Listen to me, baby

All that I ever needed
I found in you in an everlasting stream
Flowing with goodness and understanding
All that I hoped for or I dared to dream
But honey with love that you imparted
I built my dreams on a solid foundation
Free from hurt and being broken-hearted
Mixed with faith and inspiration
'Cause I found something
Honey, honey I found something
Oh, you're my shelter in stormy weather
My weakness has turned to strength
Knowing that as long as we're together
My life will be well spent
'Cause I found something
I found something
Listen, baby, now I can rest
And be at east
Honey, your lovin' is all I need
All I ever wanted, I found in you
You're my heart's desire
I had a heart that was stalling
Every once in a while
I had a heart that could see
How sunny the day was, child

Till you said what you said
And did what you done
All I can say about it, baby
You'se a son of a gun
Oh, baby
You'se a son of a gun

I got a heart that blossomed, sugar
Just for you
I've got a heart that I tell to do
Wonderful things for you

When you said what you said
And did what you done
All I can say about it, baby
You'se a sweet, sweet, sweet
Son of a gun
I look like a fool over you
In the middle of the road
Didn't know which way to go
I was like a clock
Telling your time
I was like a man who lost his mind

I've got a heart that's been refused
From loving you
I've got a heart that cries out
Honey, it's great being loved by you
Yes it is

'Cause you said what you said
Did what you done
All I can say, pretty baby
You're a sweet, sweet, sweet
Son of a gun

Said you're a sweet, sweet, sweet
Son of a gun
Oh baby
You're a sweet
Son of a gun

[Fading]
Sweet, so sweet
I'd rather die before I believe
All the things my friends tell me
But friends don't lie, I'm told
All that shines ain't gold
So I'll live and learn
And for us both, I'll be concerned

Sugar, I'd rather believe this world ain't round
Honey, what goes up don't come down
And that everyone's the same in each and every way
There's no such thing as Spring and the birds that love to sing

I won't let myself believe, honey, that you're untrue
That you could ever betray all my love for you
But friends don't lie, I'm told
All that shines ain't gold
So I'll live and learn
And for us both, I'll be concerned
Oh, baby, baby, baby
You know I'll slave for you, darling
Girl, I work my fingers to the bone
Just to make you a happy home

[Fading]
I don't care what...
One love letter filled to the brim
With your heartless pride
One worn out handkerchief
I use to dry my weeping eyes

These things are all that I have
Of a love I built my world around
And they're sad, sad souvenirs (Sad souvenirs)

One tired old memory
That will never, never, never come true
One battered, broken heart
Baby misused by you

These things are all that I have
And these, these things alone
Are such sad, sad souvenirs (Sad souvenirs)
Sad souvenirs

One thousand lonely nights
One thousand tears I shed
One thousand little silent prayers
To have your love again
These things are all that I have
All I have to look forward to
Since I lost you
They are sad, sad souvenirs
Oh, baby

One more letter filled to the line
Worn out handkerchief to dry my weeping eyes
Lonely nights, empty tears
Honey, they're sad, sad souvenirs
It's just a lonely world without you, baby
When I had your love, baby
I guess I was just too blind to see
How empty life would be
Without the lovin' you give to me

Selfishly, I hurt you baby
Heartlessly, I made you cry
Now I'm the one left alone
Alone to cry
Since you said (goodbye)

It's just a lonely world without you, baby

Baby
(Baby I love you)
I need you girl
(Baby I need you)
Really got to have you
(Really got to have you)
No good without you
(No good without you)
Girl, I know I'm to blame
And life won't be the same
'Cause I'm a lonely man
In a lonely room
I'm a lonely man without you, baby

Lonely, baby
I'm lonely girl (without you)

With all my heart and soul
Every night I'd pray
By some plan, some scheme, so mean
I'd get you back one day

Baby, I should have known
I missed your love when you were gone
Now I'm a lonely man (lonely man)
In a lonely room (lonely room)

Lonely world without you
So lonely
So lonely
I'm so lonely
Hey, Mr. Heartbreak, yeah
I'm well aware of the way that you do others
You hang around wanting nothing but some trouble
You step on anybody you can
Don't make no difference if it's a woman or a man
We met before when I was playing the field
But now I got a love that's real

So get away, heartbreak, keep moving
Get away heartbreak, keep stepping
I can't use, I refuse to
Get away, heartbreak, keep on moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep on stepping

This love I found is the kind that's highly
It's the kind of love I need in so many ways
Little darling, I got this ever-loving feeling
Ain't nothing, nowhere, no how, no time ever gonna steal it
This time you got the wrong person
I ain't gonna take no hurting
Get away, heartbreak, keep moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep stepping
Might as well accept it, you've been rejected
Get away, heartbreak, keep moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep stepping
This old heartbreak

You walk in like a thief in the night
Stealing happiness, too hard, too weak to fight
But around my heart is a wall with perfection
So you're making a trip for nothing
If you're headed in my direction
You got trouble on your hands
If you mess with my future plans

So get away, heartbreak, keep on moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep stepping
Get away, heartbreak, keep on moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep stepping'
True love is all I needed, you've been defeated

Get away, heartbreak, keep moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep on stepping
Get away, heartbreak, keep on moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep stepping
Get away, heartbreak, keep on moving
Get away, heartbreak, keep on stepping
The only woman I ever loved
Was committed to set me free
Yes, she put my love in the hands of a judge
In the court of the common plea

In the court of the common plea
Oh, in the court, court of the common plea, darling

The judge's choice did me great harm
'Cause I knew I had done no wrong
Yes, he broke my heart, he did it needlessly
When he set my baby free
In the court of, court of the common plea, yeah
In the court, court of the common plea

I couldn't believe my eyes
When I saw my baby walk away, lord help
I couldn't believe my ears
When I know I heard my baby say
Do you know what she said?
She said, "at last, of you I'm free
And though there's lots of good in you
You just ain't no good for me."
Lord, help me, please
Oh, the judge's choice did me great harm
'Cause I knew I had done no wrong
Oh, he broke my heart needlessly
When he set my woman free
Oh, lord
The court of the common plea
Yeah, yeah, oh, oh
In the court of the common plea
Pleading won't help you, children
In the court of the common plea
Oh, court of the common plea
I'm gonna plea one time
I need my children
Don't you hurt me
I was so proud of myself
As a lover before you came
I never begged no girl to love her
Out of the eight million people in the city
I chose you, and you're not even pretty
I was the stronger one of any two
This time isn't me, it's you

You make me do things I don't wanna do
You make me do things I don't wanna do
Oh, baby, honey, honey

I'm trying hard to keep
The upperhand
But now I losing
My ground as a man
Today the sharpest looking girl came around
For the first time in my life, I turned one down
I love this girl and I was on to the next one
But I can't find no one that loves, you're the best one
You make me do things I don't wanna do
You make me do things I don't wanna do
Oh, wrapped around your finger, baby
That's right darling

I fight myself
But I fight a losing battle
I try to tell my foolish self
It don't matter
You're number one as a lover
I'm number two
I try harder to recover

You make me do things I don't wanna do
You make me do things I don't wanna do

I don't want
Do things I don't want to do
But you make me
Yes, you do
Oh!

[Verse: 1]
They say you were all alone
With a broken heart
So you picked me, baby
And only you would weave your spell
And make loving you a living hell
I'm a fool for loving you
But I'll hold on fast to you

[Hook]
Girl, I just hope that I
Don't get my heart broke
Girl, I just hope that I
Don't get my heart broke
No, no, no not by you

[Verse: 2]
They said you'd be gone by spring
And I'd be left alone to help the bluebird sing
And by the time the first snow falls
I'll realize you didn't love me at all
I'm a fool for lovin' you
But I'll hold on tight to you

[Hook]
Girl, I just hope that I
Don't get my heart broke
Girl, I just hope that I
Don't get my heart broke
No, no, no not by you

[Verse: 3]
Oh, baby, they say you tied my hands
With untrue love
But girl, it's worth a chance
Gambling for your love

[Outro]
Oh, I'm a fool for loving you
But I'll hold on tight to you
Girl, I just hope that I, yeah
Don't get my heart broke
Girl, I just hope that I
Don't get my heart broke
Oh, no, no, no
Listen, I'm a fool, girl
For loving you
But I'll hold on, hold on tight to you
Girl, I just hope that I
Don't get my heart broke
No, no, no
Oh, I just hope that I...
Oh, baby, oh, honey, I know, I know
Little girl, you're the one
Little girl, you're the one

All my life I have searched for a feeling
That would truly make me willing
To accept some little girl, oh
Make her my wife
Someone I could wrap my love around
Make her happy for the rest of her life

Oooh, little girl, you're the one
I know you're the one
Oooh, little girl, you're the one
I know, baby, you're the one

Girl, it's got to be you
I can feel it
In my heart, at last, I feel it
You're a dream come true
You're the answer to a prayer
At last my search has ended
And I knew it when I saw you
Standing there
Little girl, you're the one
I know, oh, you're the one
Oooh, baby, baby, baby, baby
Oh, you're the one
Yes, you are

You're a dream come true
You're the answer to a prayer
At last, my search has ended
And I knew it when I saw you
Standing there

Baby, baby, baby
You're the one
In my heart, at last
I feel it
Baby, you're the one
Cross my heart, hope to die
I can't deny you're the one
You're the one, baby
You're the one
I don't know why you went away, girl
But I hope you won't be gone too long
No, no, no
I can't sleep, my hair's turning gray
See her in everything I do
But I found just the other day
My love for you went just too long
Yes it is, yes it is

Though you walked out on me
I can't set you free
I'm in love with you, baby
I'm in love with you, darling
Oh, baby

Honey, you walked out and broke my heart in two
You never gave a backward glance
No, no, no, no
I didn't know what you'd planned to do
You didn't give a warning in advance
No, no, darling
You didn't even take your clothes with you
You never gave sweet love a chance
No, no, no
Though you hurt me before
Please don't hurt me no more
I'm in love with you, baby
I'm in love with you, darling
Oh lord, baby

I can't wait for you to come back home
Girl, I think I'm coming after you
Oh, yes I am, 'cause I love you
'Cause I need you so bad
Girl, it's driving me mad
I'm in love
I'm in love with you
Darling, please don't leave me
Here to cry
Hail a cab
Come on by
Come on and end
This misery
Come on, baby
Hanging on
Trouble is all around me
Times are getting hard
My money's low
But I know
I just can't let her go
'Cause this girl of mine
I just love her so

Hanging on
Holding her tight with all my might
Even if it kills me
I'm gonna treat my baby right, yeah
She's there to love me
When I need loving so
I don't have to call her
She just seems to know
How to make me happy
Make me feel like a king
Telling you, brother
I ain't giving up a doggone thing
Hanging on
You'd be wise to do so too
If you got a woman who's have as good to you
Look at me, how happy can one man be?
'Cause I got a woman who's crazy about me

Don't let go
Don't let go

I'd be so afraid to ever let my baby go
I don't care what it costs me
I love that woman so
I'll keep working, baby
Bring all my money home
'Cause I know she's waiting
I won't be long
I'm hanging on
I'm hanging on to you, baby
Hanging on
Gotta say it, yeah
Gotta tell it, yeah
Gotta say it, baby

There've been so many times when I wanted
Your loving arms all around me
So many times when I wanted your lips
Touching mine, whoa yeah
Might as well admit it
Need your lovin', can't quit it
Got to say it
Got to tell it like it is

There've been so many times when I
Woke up crying your name, baby
There's been so many times when I
Dreamed for you to say
"Gotta leave my pride behind
Say what's on my mind, got to say it
Can't help it, baby."
You standing there, with your long
Pretty hair, flashing your big brown eyes
You're looking good, stand from side to side

I've got to tell it
I got to say it

[Go on, tell it like it is]
Got to say it, baby
I got to tell it
Leave my pride behind
Say what's on my mind
I'm gon' say it, yeah

You made it long
With someone else
But I can't help it, baby
I just want you for myself

I got to say it
Got to tell it, baby
You're so fine
I need your love
Gonna leave my pride behind
Say what's on my mind
Yeah, I'm gonna say it
Yeah, baby
Tell the whole wide world
I love my girl
Gonna leave my pride behind, yeah, baby
I'm gonna say it, baby
I love you
You don't have to have no mink
Or drive a big fine car
Just hold me, baby, and squeeze me
I love you the way you are
You've got a sweetness, yeah, baby
From where, the bees don't know
And I'll tell the world I love you girl
And we're forevermore
I need your loving and affection, baby
For my heart's protection

I love you, I need it for my

[heart's protection]
You don't have to have no money
Or be no beauty queen
Just kiss me, baby, and treat me right
Can't you see what I mean?
There is something about you that moves me, baby
Kind of hard to explain
And I'll tell the world I love you, girl
And I would give anything
For your 

[lovin' and affection]
I need it for my

[heart's protection]
Baby, I need

[lovin' and affection]
For my

[heart's protection]
Baby, all I need

[lovin' and affection]
For

[For my heart's protection]
Baby, all I want

[lovin' and affection]
I want it for my

[for my heart's protection]
I need love

[Lovin' and affection]
For my

[For my heart's protection]
Baby, I need it

[Lovin' and affection]
For my

[For my heart's protection]

[Intro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Verse 1]
Find light in the beautiful sea
I choose to be happy
You and I, you and I
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
I knew that we'd become one right away
Oh, right away
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Verse 2]
Palms rise to the universe
As we moonshine and molly
Feel the warmth, we'll never die
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Bridge]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Outro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Oh-oh, yeah
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Intro: Gucci Mane]
Burr
I'm out pussy
It's your worst nightmare
Glacier, hah

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I was just sittin' in a cell playin' solitaire
Now they see me everywhere, bracelet full of solitaires
Solitaire, solitaire, neck, ear, solitaire
Bad bitch from Fort Lauderdale, said she love them solitaires

[Verse 1: Takeoff]
Four mil for the crib, one point five just to keep me chill (One point five)
Who my neighbors is? Jack and Jill, still trap up the hill (Through the hill)
Fiji water, talkin' Aquafina, glass, crystal clear (Clear)
Ice there, ice here (Ice), I just iced the atmosphere

[Verse 2: Quavo]
(Huncho), I'm walkin' real light (Walk)
It's somethin' like skatin' on ice (Skate)
Your ho wanna fuck my vibe (Sheesh)
Huncho Brett Favre, throw pies (Huncho)
Uh, try the gang and we dumpin' (Dumpin')
Glacier Boy, it's a global warmin' (Yeah)
Now everybody wanna come join in (Gang)
Niggas born in, they ain't sworn in (No)

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I was just sittin' in the cell playin' solitaire (Huh)
Now they see me everywhere, bracelet full of solitaires (Wow)
Solitaire, solitaire, neck, ear, solitaire
Bad bitch from Fort Lauderdale, say she love them solitaires (Mwah)

[Verse 3: Lil Yachty]
Bitch, I don't play no solitaire (No), I'm a fuckin' millionaire (Yeah)
Trap stars everywhere (Trap), bad hoes everywhere
Right wrist quarter million dollars, that's no lie, huh
Left wrist, all baguettes, I put it in the sky

[Verse 4: Gucci Mane]
All my stones single, man, they ain't with the mingling
Damn near smashed the whole clip, but we ain't with that kinky shit
Wop be on that Nicki shit, my whole clique robbin'
Lookin' at the robbers like, "Y'all ain't finna take shit"
Glacier Boy, amazin' shit, your jeweler ain't up on this
Crazy diamond bracelet, I'm jealous of my own wrist
You ain't spent a million yet, you probably won't agree with this
Make jewelers compete for us, we keep on coppin' pieces (It's Gucci)

[Chorus: Gucci Mane]
I was just sittin' in the cell playin' solitaire
Now they see me everywhere, bracelet full of solitaires
Solitaire, solitaire, neck, ear, solitaire
Bad bitch from Fort Lauderdale, say she love them solitaires

[Outro: Gucci Mane]
Wop, hah
Eskimo, Migo
All I know

[Intro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond

[Verse 1]
Find light in the beautiful sea
I choose to be happy
You and I, you and I
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
I knew that we'd become one right away
Oh, right away
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shining bright like a diamond, in the sky

[Verse 2]
Palms rise to the universe
As we moonshine and molly
Feel the warmth, we'll never die
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond, in the sky

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Outro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Oh-oh, yeah
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Breakdown]
You da One
You da One
One, one, one, one

[Breakdown]
You da One
You da One
One, one, one, one

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Breakdown]
You da One
You da One
One, one, one, one, one, one, one, one

[Verse 1]
I've been ignoring this big lump in my throat
I shouldn't be crying
Tears were for the weaker days
I'm stronger now, or so I say
But something's missing

[Pre-Chorus]
Whatever it is
It feels like it's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror
Whatever it is
It's just laughing at me
And I just wanna scream

[Drop: R3hab & Rihanna]
What now?
What now?

[Verse 2]
I found the one
He changed my life
But was it me that changed
And he just happened to come at the right time
I’m supposed to be in love but I’m numb again

[Pre-Chorus]
Whatever it is
It feels like it's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror
Whatever it is
It's just laughing at me
And I just wanna scream

[Drop: R3hab & Rihanna]
What now?
What now?

[Verse 1]
I've been ignoring this big lump in my throat
I shouldn't be crying
Tears were for the weaker days
I'm stronger now, or so I say
But something's missing

[Pre-Chorus]
Whatever it is
It feels like it's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror
Whatever it is
It's just laughing at me
And I just wanna scream
And I just wanna scream

[Drop: DJ Reflex]

[Chorus]
What now?
I just can't figure it out
What now?
I guess I'll just wait it out

[Verse 2]
I found the one
He changed my life
But was it me that changed
And he just happened to come at the right time
I’m supposed to be in love but I’m numb again

[Pre-Chorus]
Whatever it is
It feels like it's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror
Whatever it is
It's just laughing at me
And I just wanna scream
And I just wanna scream

[Drop: DJ Reflex]

[Chorus]
What now?
I just can't figure it out
What now?
I guess I'll just wait it out

[Verse 1]
I've been ignoring this big lump in my throat
I shouldn't be crying
Tears were for the weaker days
I'm stronger now, or so I say
But something's missing

[Pre-Chorus]
Whatever it is
It feels like it's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror
Whatever it is
It's just laughing at me
And I just wanna scream
And I just wanna scream

[Drop: DJ Reflex]

[Chorus]
What now?
I just can't figure it out
What now?
I guess I'll just wait it out

[Verse 2]
I found the one
He changed my life
But was it me that changed
And he just happened to come at the right time
I’m supposed to be in love but I’m numb again

[Pre-Chorus]
Whatever it is
It feels like it's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror
Whatever it is
It's just laughing at me
And I just wanna scream
And I just wanna scream

[Drop: DJ Reflex]

[Chorus]
What now?
I just can't figure it out
What now?
I guess I'll just wait it out
All i got to do is throw any word at you, you can take any word and just rhyme wth it, i'm like..

Whatever
Technical

Technical? I had spectacles back in school, yo, you just expect a fool
If you try to clam with me, if you ain't down with me, and i ain't tryna have you around me

Traffic emergencies

Traffic emergencies, tragic emergencies, it's an urgency, it burns when i pee, i'm the illest MC, from the motherfreakin D, the 3-1-3

Misproduction

The misproduction, rappers get sucked up into suction, cause they suck when they called up the station tryna bust for 30 seconds, yo slim shady, i mate hit records

Discombobulatorboobulator

Discombobulatorboobulator, yo, i get your b**** inflated, like Pamela Leigh, she wants to sample a pee, from me, doesn't matter cause she f'd the camera...

....tremendo mind state

The mind state of the crime rate, will elevate, when i accelerate, i levitate, give me another word, don't let me say rhymes, that your mother heard...

... supercalafragilisticexpealidocious

Supercalafragilisticexpealidocious, i smacked women with a closed fist, yo, i punch 'em, right in the nose when i be scrunchin, at the function, at the family function, or at ya picnic, give this ick quick, i'm willing to say, D infront of it, but rappers they don't want none of it, cause any MC i'll put on this verbal punishment..

<<<< Other guy rapping >>>>
Eurgh, lets let the dog check it
Yo ain't the cyfer yo, yo ain't the cyfer tonight
Got to be a dope MC that rock this mic
Now what's yo name?
Em:
My name's slim shady

Other guy:
And what you do?

Em:
And we did it like Jim Brady; i rock

Yo, i'm lil' like that Kim lady, when i be steppin to this mic just like a M-80
I blowing up the spot and i can rock right off the top, rappers don't wanna believe that everything ima drop, that som's gonna be hot weather you like it or not, thought a cypher a spot, cause i'm nitrogen hot
Rappers wanna try to step, this way that i kept, it's rep up, any rapper that wanna test the step up, cause I come offa the top, or a ?ridden?, i'm ishing, i wanted the same the real way but I stray written, bustin, killin, crushin, well i'm flushin this rappers that are b** rushin, blood ones rushin
Coming outta ya brain rappers know that i'm the same, they don't wanna step to this, they don't wanna feel the pain
Like DMX "what? you gon think that he's gon step to this now? eurgh, yo, you don't think you wanna f*** with this now" yo
I've got no time, no time for tears
Though you walked out on me, oh yes you did
My life must go, you see
Though our love has ended
I've got another to be friends with
Oh I'm just gonna pick up the pieces (pick up the pieces)
& start life all over again

'Cause I know cryin' won't bring you back, my love
& a word about you, baby, won't bring you back, my love
Like the wise, I realize what's done is done
Why should I cry? (Why should I cry?)
When you didn't love me anyway

I've got no time, no time, no time, no time for tears
Life holds too many joys to worry 'bout an unfaithful, unfaithful boy
Just like I loved you, there's other fellas lovable too
So I'm just gonna pick up the pieces (pick up the pieces)
& start life all over again

'Cause I've got no time, no time, no time for tears
Cryin' won't bring you back, baby
I hear you're telling everybody
That you're glad I'm gone
Do you tell them how you cried
Whenever you were all alone

We both know for us
There'll never, never be another
So forget about your foolish pride
And let's get back together

Listen
Who cares who was right or wrong
I just know I need you
And by your side is where I belong

Don't you miss me a little bit baby
'Cause I'm missing you
Say you miss me a little bit baby

You think you take me back
People will call you a fool
Deep down inside you know you need me
As much as I need you
Because of your pride
You're letting two hearts suffer
Baby can't you see
You're only making things tougher

Who cares who was right or wrong
I just need you baby
'Cause by your side is where I belong

Don't you miss me a little bit baby
Please tell me that you do
Say you miss me a little bit baby

Girl, I walk these streets day and night
Alone and downhearted
Every doggone day baby
Since we've been parted

Aimlessly with no sense of direction
Baby I'm trying to tell you
I need your sweet love and affection
Yes I do (yes I do)
Can't make it without you (I need you)
Oh yeah (yes I do)

This loneliness and separation
Makes too high a price to pay
When two people love each other the way we do
Should nothing stand in their way
You're making a mountain out of a molehill
Because of your pride
You're letting a little misunderstanding
Push true love aside

Who cares who was right or wrong
Just say you want me back baby
And I come running, running back home

Don't you miss me a little bit baby
You got me skipping around
Thinking down
Searching all over town
Try to keep my eye on you

You got me looking here
And looking there
Got me searching everywhere
Honey, why can't you be true

From me you get sweet satisfaction
In return I get no reaction
Your love for me girl is drifting away
So you're leaving me with nothing else to say

So long
I can't take it no more
So long
I'm walking out of the door
My loving you dragging me down
I got to save my heart
Got to get out of town
So long
Honey, honey, honey I'm even
So long now I'm leaving
It's gonna hurt me baby
I know that you
Tried to forsake my heart
There is nothing else I can do

You got a lot of nerve standing there
Tear all over your face
When you know darn well
That you'd do the same thing
Baby if you were in my place
You might as well dry your eyes
'Cause we both now you don't care
So I'm playing smart, packing up my heart
Honey, I'm leaving now
So long

So long
I wasted to much time
You treat our love like a one night stand
Honey you just lost one good man
So long
So long, bye bye baby
4, 3, 2, 1

I watch you all the time
It's ok you don't mind
Your short dress in the bathroom mirror
Every boy can see it clearer
Won't you be mine

It could be so easy
Wild and free

Do you ever think of following me
No you don't
And I don't need you to walk behind me
On my way home
We can do this far apart
Separate and alone

It could be so easy
It could be so easy
It could be so easy
It could be so easy
It could be so easy
It could be so easy

[Verse 1]
Baby girl, used ride on the metro
Had a dream of diamonds and stilettos
First class in Miami from the West Coast
Never wanted to be homecoming queen
Not just another girl in the strip club
Working hard, not a dollar's gonna miss her
Big, big bags, I'm gonna tip her
Making sure she's gonna come home with me

[Pre-Chorus]
One money, two honey
How much can I throw?
And for her I can't say no
I won't let go

[Chorus]
I fell in love with a dancer, dancer
Throwing all this cake, ooh
It's your birthday girl, I like that there
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a dancer, dancer
In the champagne room until the sun comes up, oh my god
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a

[Verse 2]
It's 3AM and we're only getting started
In the cab on the way to your apartment
Tonight you made the killing cause you're gorgeous
Yeah, we're gonna have a hell of a time
Blew hunneds everywhere like a cartoon
Ooh baby, I can't take my eyes off you
Give it to me like yo mamma never taught you
I'll make it rain for the rest of your life

[Pre-Chorus]
One money, two honey
How much can I throw?
And for her I can't say no
Oh, I won't let go

[Chorus]
I fell in love with a dancer, dancer
Throwing all this cake, ooh
It's your birthday girl, I like that there
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a dancer, dancer
In the champagne room until the sun comes up, oh my god
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a...

[Bridge]
Nothing gets me going like when she put on a show
Ain't ashamed to say it, I'll let everybody know
You don't have to say no words, you let your body speak
Baby I don't care, no I don't care

[Chorus]
I fell in love with a dancer, dancer
Throwing all this cake, ooh
It's your birthday girl, I like that there
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a dancer, dancer
In the champagne room until the sun comes up, oh my god
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a dancer, dancer
Throwing all this cake, ooh
It's your birthday girl, I like that there
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a dancer, dancer
In the champagne room until the sun comes up, oh my god
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with a...
Jerrod: This album, um—like when I, when I first heard it and the more I hear it, I feel like the only, like, appropriate question to ask you after listening to it is, are you okay? Like, is something wrong? Like, like, it's like gut-wrenching. It's both beautiful—it's very beautiful—but it's like, parts that hurt a little bit, you know what I mean?

Tyler: Yeah it's—man I was like... 'Cause for Cherry Bomb I purposely was like, "I don't wanna get personal at all. Like I'mma just make songs. This is all just, this is a song." And in this one I was like, "Alright, let me write down every feeling."

J: Oh, you started with emotions?

T: Just—just, a lot of them was just asking questions. A lot of the songs just have questions, it's just like, "How am I feeling today? Fuck, what if I go poor again? What if it doesn't work?" And then that's how a lot of the songs just happened, just me kind of, just asking these quest—answering these questions, like, so...

J: But it's speaking to, like, a mood you were in. Like—like you recorded this one, when did you...

T: Um, mostly 2016—like I started to the end of 2015. A lot of spring, summer 2016, and then a lot of fall

J: What were you listening to? Like—

T: Um...

J: Like watching and listening to?

T: Pop music. I love—I was, like, listening to pop structure. Uh, kinda just what, like, Max Martin was doing and really getting into what, what Pharrell and Justin was doing—

J: Yeah...
T: And, um, just noticing, just hooks. I uh—hanging out with Travis, Taco. I went to the club with him and just seeing what people, how people reacted to certain—

J: You never go to clubs!

T: I hate 'em. But when I would go I would just study, "Oh, that, that bass drop," or,  "Oh, that girl loves that part." Just like, "Okay, I want to have a song that has that feeling." So I kind of was like, okay. I wanna see—challenge myself and try to make a few songs that's not like, "Uh, rappity-rappy," or, super distorted, I was like... Last night, I went to—me and Lionel went to like a house party and they, they, all the songs they were playing—"Señiorita" by Justin, "Tell Me" by Total, "Frontin'" by P—like, all these house partying songs. And "See You Again" came on, and it's full of black people, that for sure go to clubs, and they were in there, like, singing the lyrics and I was like, "Oh shit, I've always wanted that."

J: To just have black people... dance...

T: I, I did it. Yeah, yeah! I was so hyped, and I was—we were playing Jenga and I was being cool about it but inside I was like, "Oh shit—"

J: You were going crazy—

T: I finally have something that they could do that to

J: It's funny because I guess I wouldn't have, uh, like thought about how much like pop is, you know, influenced in the album because, because of like the subject matter. Like, a lot of it is so heavy. That's why I was just wondering, were you in like a place of just like...?

T: Well, uh, you gotta feed, you put the—some people, old people say you put the medicine in like the uh, the candy—

J: The applesauce

T: —Or the applesauce, whatever, so...

["Mr. Lonely" instrumental plays]

Like, with "Mr. Lonely" I was like, "Aw dude, I want to write the saddest song I could possibly write and see people go crazy, and like dance to it," it's that. And at shows, that song is insane, and it's the saddest song I've ever wrote
J: Yeah it really is—and you dance—I mean it's so hard, it's so hard, and like the greatest, like, bridge ever! What was that—what was that? I don't know if we—I mean I'm just gonna kind of jump into various songs—but like what, what was like, specifically that like... why that transition? Like, why did you think that was like, needed a transit—like was it, like it for emotional, like were you trying to create different moods?

T: So, "911" and "Mr. Lonely" originally was, uh, a different song kind of together. It was this jazz take I had that was super triumphant and just sounded grand, and a lot of those lyrics was uh... was in that song and I just took 'em, and just placed them on "911" and then took the verse and placed it on "Mr. Lonely" and added some stuff. And, "911"—the version that came out is the 25th version, it had...

J: Wait, the 25th version? You did 25 versions of that song?

T: It was 24. The first version was over an interlude song that Tony Toni Toné had. I looped it, sang over that, liked the hook that I put there, made 30 beats for it. It's—and the versions aren't just different type of lyrics, it's literally like... different beats, different melodies, all that

J: A completely different vibe?

T: Made that, took the beat from the fashion show I did, reworked that. Took the lyrics from the original "Mr. Lonely" and like, implementing it in that, and like, so the original "Mr. Lonely" it's like, uh...

A five car garage
Full tank of gas
A call for every day of the week and it go really fast
But it means nothing, nothing, nothing
Without you, shotgun

["911" instrumental plays]

J: Yeah, yeah...

T: Right yeah. That's in the last version of "911"...

Five car garage
Full tank of the gas
But that don't mean nothing, nothing
Nothing, nothing
So you kept that based on the previous, you just-

Tyler: Exactly, so I took it from this jazz song, and I was like, "nah, I want them to groove to this shit," so I put it on that

Jerrod: I actually always wondered why that bit repeat-

Tyler: Well yeah it just 'cause it was from it was it was from the bass of the other one but when I put it there and drop the beat people I was like "oh people are gonna love saying this." And if you see that shows I don't even say it I just put the mic and the whole -ten thousand people: " nothing, nothing, nothing."
And I'm like I figured it out and I-

Jerrod: You figured out—that, that feeling that you want, the feeling of just everybody really connecting with it but wait- specifically the bridge on that- what was like-

Tyler: Oh oh what the "chirp chirp" part?

Jerrod: I say bird- but like, which is the most one of the most addictive things-

Tyler: I ain't made that, I remember I made that and it was just the beat and I remember stopping like "I made the bridge that I've always wanted to make. Lonny came by-or Frank however people know him-  and he came by and I played it for him he's like you let me go in there Just try something he just started making phone noises and it worked out so perfectly and we was like "alright" and-

Jerrod: was it longer?

Tyler: no that part I'm just giving niggas eight bars of these chords just so they could want it so they could replay it and left it at that

Jerrod: How did you balance out and this is kind of for the whole album your love of chords with-you always talk about and you always say "niggas don't want chords" and that's all you're obsessed with. It's just everything is specific and just-

Tyler: I just Want chords and melodies

Jerrod: Yeah. and was it like a battle- cause the whole album has chords

Tyler: Yeah, I fucked up-well I didn't fuck up but Cherry Bomb was an album full of bridges and shit going everywhere, so I was like, let me for this album specifically add all the chords I like but  do it in a way that they can digest. So Mr. Lonely has some of the prettiest chords on the album, but I kinda hid it behind the hard drums and the fast paced rap, but if you really listen it's really fucking pretty-

Other: Rolling!

["911" instrumental starts playing]

Tyler: Thank you. And I was like I'm definitely gonna-just try to hide it in those and stuff. And 911 even the uh, "call me some time." I was listening to Gap Band and I was like damn, these are simple chords and I love the melody let me try to implement it in this and make it as simple as possible but it still gives me that feeling. So the part where I was like "fuck it I'mma go crazy, I right before Steve Lacy's part when it goes back to the hook and it's like: "dun, dun, dun ,dun ,dun" and I was like I'mma go on my Jill Scott shit and that's my favorite part of that song, just cause it just-

Jerrod: It has all the chords that you love

Tyler: Exactly

Jerrod: Umm, do you wanna...

Tyler: You could cut it now

[Mr. Lonely instrumental plays]

Jerrod: "I can't even lie..." Where does the..

Tyler: I can just imagine a nigga in a wife-beater on Valentines Day like in the hood and like-

Jerrod: Is he talking to his friends or in the mirror-

Tyler: I don't know who he's talking to but it's a quick shot like "I can't even lie I've been lonely as fuck nigga," just being honest with his homies or something, and I was like man that would be really funny to chant. But it's the perfect set up for when that song comes on. It set's you up for like what's 'bout to happen. It's honest but it's right here and they go crazy when they-

Jerrod: It's like so sad it's hilarious. It's like there a group of niggas chanting-

Tyler: And that's Rocky. That's Rocky yelling that. That's Q, I think that's Wyatt, that's Lionel, that's Jasper-

Other: Ah, don't talk, the camera..

Jerrod: Alright

[Foreword instrumental plays]

Jerrod: Foreword is ah- ok, first of all, that tempo is very weird. It's like a really weird tempo that you found, was it kind of just like a challenge?

Tyler: Well so, that's a loop from this band called Can. I've always been into krautrock, its like- it was a sound that was very European, like Eastern Europe, and you got like Can, The Silver Apples, even Soft Machine, which was this really proud jazz band that took influence around that time. And it's kind of what Portis Head listens to for influence, and it's something I've always liked because it's just so weird and just- this weird drum patterns and these haunting bass lines, and that's a song that they had and everytime I played it I would just rap over it. And I was like fuck it I'mma loop it, add these-

Jerrod: Is it hard to rap over, just the-

Tyler: Not actually, It's actually just the "one ,two, three, four" but the pockets that they would use makes its sound like this weird push and pull back thing

Jerrod: Yeah it feels like your on something, you know what I mean? Just kinda pulls. Yeah and its like- that pocket is such- the pace of it, when you're rapping over it is you do a little bit faster than I would expect. Like a little bit more- why, why that song first? Why that mood though first? Where you trying to set a-?

Tyler: I remember making it like "this need to be the first song." Just go in, just so you can see where I'm at in my head, and I remember writing that verse fully like.... "how much shit can I buy, till it gets boring" like "how many jumps can I do on a bike until I'm over it and on to the next thing." And every answer that I had went to the next question, like "was it ever enough."

Jerrod: it almost sounded it was so existential and contemplative and it almost sounded suicidal, especially the "if I'm going and don't come back"- do you know what I mean? It was so dark its-

Tyler: Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was the end question like "damn, what if I died? What happen? And that's kinda what it was and just to set the tone of like that's where I'm at. And it's not depressed-I'm not depressed at all. A lot of people mix up depression with self awareness. Someone was like "dude this album is depressing" and I was nah, I never said I was depressed. I'm lonely, but I'm having the most fun of my goddamn life. But that song kinda sets that tone

Jerrod: Ok, I mean if you're considering death, but it's not from a depressed, sad state, is it from a state of like "alright I've got something to prove" cause it almost seems like you had a thing to prove on this album. I don't know to yourself, or like-

Tyler: Well, a lot of people do stuff for the conversation of when they're dead. Like hopefully, when I die people can say "oh he-this, this and this," I leave a good discography behind, but-

Jerrod: Yeah, I like to start with every project, I like to start from death and work backwards

Tyler: Exactly

Jerrod: It's just like, we're all gonna die someday

Tyler: I  just knew that if this album wasn't good I would be fucked. That's how I felt. And some people would disagree, but I'm like, man I'm nothing right now

Jerrod: You felt like that coming off of Cherry Bomb?

Tyler: Yeah yeah yeah, cause everyone hated it, except for like, real music lovers who care about drums- like I opened a rap album with a rock song. Most niggas was like "uh." And then "Buffalo" comes and you can barely hear what I'm saying, and then "Pilot" comes on and it's this 80's music and they're out cause they want rap. Then "Run" comes, dun, dun,  and then "Find Your Wings" comes and they're like "this is chill," and then Cherry Bomb comes and just punches them-so they're out and a lot of people didn't know how to take it so-

But "Find Your Wings" and stuff felt so- I don't even know if I mean lyrically, I mean sonically, going back to your love of chords and stuff like that and you would on Cherry Bomb" it seems like you would have chords and distort it, like it was you were always running from it and covering it up, so that-saying it's your most personal album, removed from the subject matter, it feels that way, like sonically

Tyler: Yeah, I fully get that yeah. never thought that

Jerrod: It just feels like a real- Okay so the sadness of Foreword that goes into almost the like- I'm going to say almost this cockiness of "Where This Flower Blooms." Do you feel like you were accepting yourself?

["Where This Flower Blooms" instrumental plays]

Tyler: So its a lot of things-and I don't wanna take credit-that I was doing that people were like, what is he doing, and then two years later it's what everyone's doing, whether it's the way videos are done or these stupid pop-up things or whatever, and I'm not taking credit, but I was doing that and no-one ever puts me on these lists or respects me in the sense that I wanted. So I was just, and that's why that line is like: "Ain't nobody fucking with T, but that just may be my ego but don't be too cool" because I may freeze, and I'm stuck in this egotistical mindset and I never move forward, and that's how niggas freeze to death, but that "ice, shit weighs a ton, water your garden, my nigga and stunt." I got a flower chain made, with all these different things, and that's what I was talking about, but I was like, fuck these niggas, keep doing my shit, uh, and "tell these black kids they can be who they are"-

Jerrod: That's one of my favorite lyrics, is just "tell these black kids they can be who they are"

Tyler: Dude, right!

Jerrod: Like it's one of my favorite- you had another lyric like that on Cherry Bomb that was just like, "the world is yours little nigga" like "my little nigga, the world is yours." Like I love that- like it's a similar thing like, tell these black kids they can be who they are. Where you saying that to you or the people you see...?

Tyler: I was saying that to me to but it uh, it's no-one saying that to kids that look like me, or anyone that looks like me. We had this conversation just wanting to snowboard when I was 12, but someone was like "oh, that's white people shit. Black people don't do that." No, you don't do that, don't put a damper on me and tell me what I can a can't be just because of the way everyone else was that's my same color. And I just feel like I just wanted to tell them like "be you"-

J: Who you are is such the alternative of the expectations are placed on like a young black guy growing up. Like you're influenced by kind of everything, kinda all cultures, so do you think you accepted that by yourself through your music

T: I knew who I was at like 12

J: I think you rapped maybe 28% on the album. It's like so-

T: My goal for this album was to shut the fuck up, and let the all feature be the leader. "Yes, Rex, here sing for two minutes before I come in with an 8 bar on 'Boredom' and then I'll have another 8 bar but I wanna shut up and just let the string section be 2 minutes at the end."

J: "Boredom" I think-I found out about it this morning- "Boredom" right now, to me, is like your "Billy Jean."

["Boredom" instrumental plays]

T: Really?

J: It really is kind of a- seeing people connect with that song... That song influenced... I think I called you and said if I don't know this song is creating an emotion for me or if it's like the soundtrack to something I already feel. Like that's how powerful I think it is

T: Well, I wrote that, literally, it was a 5 pm on a Saturday, laying on my back, looking so bored. It was nothing to do, no-one was hitting me back, Jasper was in the other room, bored out of his mind but I didn't see him the whole day, my room was warm as hell because I like the heater on, and there was nothing to eat but dry cereal and I'm sitting thinking "what the fuck am I going to do?" I literally wrote that verse in 10 seconds, cause again, it was these questions and these legit feelings of boredom that I was having. And it was weird to me 'cause it's like... I'm in a tax bracket where I can go do whatever. I have all these cars, I can go drive--but I have nowhere to go and I'm just bored. And it was just confusing to me 'cause it's like-

J: You don't understand how you could possibly--

T: How the hell I could be bored when its... but there was nothing to do at the moment. So I was like, fuck it, I'm gonna write a song about it

J: Jasper has to listen to that song and be like "fuck you nigga I was right there"

T: I wrote the song over the chords of "God Bless the Child" by Stevie Wonder. I figured out the chords, looped it, and had it just playing for hours in my room. And I wrote the verse, which was like a 40 bar verse originally, but I cut it in half 'cause I was like the hook needs to come back. So, at the end of the first verse, it's like "I'm... bored." I did that right when we was editing 'cause it went to the end of the verse, it was like, originally, "I'm bored and getting desperate. Phone is not--" It went straight to a different verse and it was a different pocket but I cut it, because I was like I need to put the hook back in here, 'cause I don't wanna hear myself

J: Yeah, 'cause it's a weird chunk, just, "I'm... bored. Find some time!"

T: Uh huh. So I added that right when we was editing, finishing, I was like, "No no no, fuck that, put the hook. Imma change the second verse a little bit and like, so the pocket is easier to rap so everyone could say it." 'Cause it was too rapitty, you know, and I was like, nobody wanna hear this deep ass voice rap for that long; let me shut the fuck up and do a hook, so all the white girls at Coachella can sing this shit

[Jerrod laughs]

T: And, I'm not lying, doing festivals, you realize white people love singing along to shit

[Camera runs out of film]

T: That's why, the fucking, Boredom is two minutes of just this like...

Director: Roll up!

[Interview resumes]

J: When you perform this album live, you start on Where This Flower Blooms, usually. Is it a longer intro?

T: Yeah yeah yeah, so... I wanted this album to sound like a Disney score. Just like, very magical. My perfect little indie movie, and, fucking...

J: Sound like the album cover looks

T: Yeah, sound like the album cover looks like. But, it turned into, you know, what it turned into. Where This Flower Blooms had this very beautiful longer intro, I shortened it a bit, but, it sound like the beginning of a movie

J: It's sweeping and...

T: Yeah, I start the shows with that because it's like bringing them into my world and then it drops and gets crazy but... yeah

J: How long did you-- why did you trim it and not just go-

T: I just wanted to cut the fucking fat. I wanted this album to be no longer that 45 minutes. And I think we hit 45:36 or 46 minutes and I was like, okay, cool. I just want it to be short and get to the point and yeah

J: You were talking about questions and how every song is sparked by a... thing. 

[stammering] My favourite sequence of this-- of these songs, but... uh, Pothole is inspired by something your mom said to you. Is that like...

[Pothole instrumental fades in]

T: A long time ago she was like, "yo, some people just aren't really as loyal or close to you as you think." And I'm always like, "shut the fuck up, like, what the fuck are you talking about?" Sometimes moms know best and I had to find out on my own, like, oh wow, she wasn't wrong about that person. And I kind of wrote that verse like: "My mom told me, blah blah blah." And, uh...

J: So you singing that more? You started singing that more

T: Yeah, and even like, I did it in the car like, I drove back to the points where she told me specifically. Like, when you make three lefts it makes it right. So like, I triple left tryna double back. And the streets are filled with clues that she told me

J: And that's great, that some of your best--

T: But, how I ain't notice that. And I see some familiars, I see some people I knew, stuck in the cul-de-sac. I pull up, get out, "what up", I wanna help you. But what you want for some people they don't want for themselves. So, do I stay here and try to figure it out, or do I go, and traffic is picking up? And if I don't leave now and get on my path and do what I need to do, Imma be stuck, and


(21:36)

[Verse 1]
And as the sun goes down
And the stars come out to play
I bet tomorrow I’ll be sleeping
Sleeping all day
And this fire I feel
Why is it burning so slowly?
I can’t stop thinking of you
Like the five pounds you owe me

[Chorus]
'Cause you’re on my mind
'Cause you’re on my mind
You’re all I can find
'Cause you’re on my mind

[Verse 2]
Please tell me that you feel the same
That we're on the same train
If you're a little bit late and miss it
That would be a great shame
I miss your sweet, sweet kisses and lovin’
When they were mine
When are you down?
Make sure I’m in town

[Chorus]
'Cause you’re on my mind
'Cause you’re on my mind
You’re all I can find
'Cause you’re on my mind

'Cause you’re on my mind
'Cause you’re on my mind
You’re all I can find
'Cause you’re on my mind

[Bridge]
All the colours they shine through
Night time, and I’m thinking of you
Each storm of every day
You’re on my mind

[Instrumental Solo]

[Chorus]
You’re on my mind
You’re on my mind
You’re all I can find
You’re on my mind

You’re on my mind
You’re on my mind
You’re all I can find
You’re on my mind
You’re on my mind
You’re on my mind
You’re on my mind
You’re on my mind

[Monologue]
(If you're) Starting to trying to be a musician or artist—something like that—because you wanna make money, because you wanna do a job, that's- that's the wrong way. You have to do this because you love it. And it doesn't matter if you broke, you still gon' do it. I mean, I go out to jam sessions, and I play regardless of whether I'm getting a check or not. It's-, it's about whether I, uh—you have to love this thing, man! You have to love it and breathe it and—It's your morning coffee. It's your food. That's why you become an artist. Art is a mirror of society, you know...

[Chorus: Tom Misch]
I know that I need you now
The key that I won't forget
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)
Lost in Paris
I hope that you're warm and safe
The memory I can't replace
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)

[Verse 1: Tom Misch]
It was over in day
All the things I used to say
You've kept the same
All the places we would go
All the songs we got to know
You held it all

[Chorus: Tom Misch]
I know that I need you now
The key that I won't forget
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)
I hope that you're warm and safe
The memory that I can't replace
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)

[Verse 2: GoldLink]
Young young, all in love in a lost place
God damn, got me runnin' 'round in a rat's race
Say grace, but I fell in love with a small waist
Uh, never start, yeah right, yeah uh
Bang, uh, shot me in my heart and it hurt gage
She so fly like a dove, that's a dove face
Thunder what she get now but this ain't her birthplace​
Tom, don't tell her, but it's Paris for her birthday

[Chorus: Tom Misch]
I know that I need you now
The key that I won't forget
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)
I hope that you're warm and safe
The memory I can't replace
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)
I know that I need you now
The key that I won't forget
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)
I hope that you're warm and safe
The memory I can't replace
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)

[Outro: Tom Misch]
I know that I need you now
The key that I won't forget
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)
I hope that you're warm and safe
The memory I can't replace
You're lost in Paris
(You're lost in Paris)

[Sample]
Five four three two one zero
We have a liftoff 32
Minutes past the hour liftoff on Apollo 11
Power clear
We got a 

[?]

[Intro: Tom Misch]
1, 2, 3, 4

[Verse 1: Tom Misch]
I love the way it flows
I love the way it grows
There’s something in this sound that takes me far
It’s like a special song
Can move my mood along
But I cannot say you’ll hear through my guitar

[Pre-Chorus 1: Tom Misch]
She told me add a bassline
And everything will be alright
She told me that the groove is mine
It will take us through the night
And where I’ll go
Can’t explain I’ll never know
But it’s beautiful

[Chorus: Tom Misch]
You can’t take this away from me
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me
You can’t take this away from me
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me

[Verse 2: Tom Misch]
I love the way it sings
All the joy that it brings
Remember skating down the road towards the park?
I can never say no
You with that summer glow
The music gives me sun when winter starts

[Pre-Chorus 2: Tom Misch]
She told me add a bassline
And everything will be alright
She told me that the beat is mine
It will rock us through the night
And where I’ll go
Can’t explain I’ll never know
But it’s beautiful

[Chorus: Tom Misch]
You can’t take this away from me (Oh)
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me
You can’t take this away from me (Oh)
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me

[Bridge: Tom Misch &  Posdnuos]
You can’t take this away from me (Oh)
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me
You can’t take this away from me (Oh)
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me

[Verse 3: Posdnuos]
Yo, I wear notes like coats
Blues like doos, warm from the rhythm, soul that glues
That bounce to my bones, that jazz in my spine
The hop is my home, rap is my grind
I'm grindin' on the backside of life, we dance
She threw me a chance, her hands in my pants
Actually, my pockets holdin' me tight
Whispering a dream I could hold in the night
Blood tight, a rhythm that's throbbin' my veins
Wake up and write it on a pad, the pains
Like church, the organ will invite the tears
Like birth, I'm cryin', let you know I'm here
Held by the song that gave me a name
Dressed by the verse that gave me a claim
(There’s just a bass in the line) safe to inhale
And if you live well
Belonger years in this state, you will be
A timeless octave to play for the tree
That’s rooted in every single nerve in me
The nerve of he who ignores the key
And use it to open the minds that be free
Whenever you're hot head ignores you, you are free
Beneath the clouds, you allowed to see, in clarity
Through harmony, someone harmin’ me?
That won't be done
I stand protected by the laws of fun
I am perfected through the rhymes of Run
Walkin' this way and leave the party stunned
This music, it launched me
With no aim, I've landed with some plane
Where I am I can't explain or never know
But it's beautiful so...

[Chorus: Tom Misch & Posdnuos]
You can’t take this away from me
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me (C'mon y'all)
You can’t take this away from me
The way I hear the melody
The waves bring clarity
Running through me

[Verse 1]
I knew a boy who was swallowed by the sky
By the flashing lights
I knew a man who got lost in the big dark blue
He came out alive
I knew a boy, I knew a man that looked a lot like you

[Verse 2]
I knew a time that you could stand still beside
Never rushing by
I knew a place you'd go if you had to explore
Into peace of mind
I knew a boy, I knew a man that looked a lot like you
I knew a time, I knew a place that felt a lot like you

[Instrumental]

[Verse 3]
I knew a boy who was swallowed by the sky
By the flashing lights
I knew a man who got lost in the big dark blue
He came out alive
I knew a boy, I knew a man that looked a lot like you
I knew a time, I knew a place that felt a lot like
You

[Intro]
Love is hard to find
Girl, give me some time to say (To say)
That I love you (Love you)
Not time to say goodbye
Always wonder why you cry (You cry)
Tell me, baby (Baby)

[Verse 1]
The words are on my mind
But, girl, give me some time to feel what I need to
And when the time is right
And we're moving with the night, you'll know that I love you
(Love you)

[Pre-Chorus]
You and I, we cannot be replaced, no
'Cause you and I, you and I will find a way
You and I will find a way

[Chorus]
Love is hard to find
Girl, give me some time to say (To say)
That I love you (Love you)
Not time to say goodbye
Always wonder why you cry (You cry)
Tell me, baby (Baby)
Love is hard to find
Girl, give me some time to say (To say)
That I love you (Love you)
Not time to say goodbye
Always wonder why you cry (You cry)
Tell me, baby (Baby)

[Verse 2]
I think it's been a year
You know I got my fears I'm almost facing
And while the city sleeps
I think I found some peace through you
No more chasing
'Cause

[Pre-Chorus]
You and I, cannot be replaced, no
'Cause you and I, you and I will find a way
You and I will find a way

[Chorus]
Love is hard to find
Girl, give me some time to say (To say)
That I love you (Love you)
Not time to say goodbye
Always wonder why you cry (You cry)
Tell me, baby (Baby)
Love is hard to find
Girl, give me some time to say (To say)
That I love you (Love you)
Not time to say goodbye
Always wonder why you cry (You cry)
Tell me, baby (Baby)

[Interlude]

[Outro]
Love is hard to find
Girl, give me some time to say that I love you
Not time to say goodbye
And I always wonder why you cry
Tell me, baby
Love is hard to find
Girl, give me some time to say that I love you
Not time to say goodbye
And I always wonder why you cry
Tell me, baby

[Verse 1: "Alexander Hamilton"]
How does a bastard, orphan, son of a whore and a
Scotsman, dropped in the middle of a forgotten
Spot in the Caribbean by providence, impoverished, in squalor
Grow up to be a hero and a scholar?
The ten-dollar Founding Father without a father
Got a lot farther by working a lot harder
By being a lot smarter, by being a self-starter
By fourteen, they placed him in charge of the trading charter
Alexander Hamilton
My name is Alexander Hamilton
And there's a million things I haven't done
But just you wait, just you wait

[Verse 2: "Wait For It"]
Wait for it
Wait for it
Wait for it
Wait for it
I am the one thing in life I can control
Wait for it
Wait for it
Wait for it
Wait for it
I am inimitable
I am an original
And if there's a reason I'm still alive
When so many have died
Then I'm willin' to—

[Verse 3: "The Schuyler Sisters"]
I'm willing to
Work, work!
Angelica!
Work, work!
Eliza!
And Peggy—
Look around, at how lucky we are to be alive right now!
History is happening in Manhattan and we just happen to be
In the greatest city
In the greatest city in the world!

[Verse 4: "Yorktown (The World Turned Upside Down)"]
The world turned upside down
The world turned upside down
The world turned upside down
The world turned upside down (Down, down, down, down)

Yeah, you'll blow us all away

[Verse 5: "You'll Be Back"]
Oceans rise, empires fall
We have seen each other through it all
And when push comes to shove
I will send a fully armed battalion to remind you of my love!
Da da da dat da dat da da da da ya da
Da da dat dat da da ya da!

[Verse 6: "The Room Where It Happens"]
No one else was in
The room where it happened
The room where it happened
The room where it happened
No one else was in
The room where it happened
The room where it happened
The room where it happened
No one really knows how the game is played
The art of the trade
How the sausage gets made
We just assume that it happens
But no one else is in the room where it happens

[Verse 7: "Right Hand Man"]
We are outgunned (What?)
Outmanned (What?)
Outnumbered
Outplanned
We gotta make an all out stand
Ayo, I'm gonna need a right-hand man

[Verse 8: "Guns and Ships"]
Hamilton!
Sir, he knows what to do in a trench
Ingenuitive and fluent in French, I mean—
Hamilton!
Sir, you're gonna have to use him eventually
What's he gonna do on the bench? I mean—
Hamilton!
No one has more resilience
Or matches my practical tactical brilliance—
Hamilton!
You wanna fight for your land back?
Hamilton!
I need my right-hand man back!
Uh, get ya right-hand man back
You know you gotta get ya right-hand man back
I mean you gotta put some thought into the letter
But the sooner the better to get your right-hand man back!

[Verse 9: "Washington By Your Side"]
It must be nice, it must be nice
To have Washington on your side
It must be nice, it must be nice
To have Washington on your side
Look back at the Bill of Rights (Which I wrote!)
The ink hasn't dried
It must be nice, it must be nice
To have Washington on your side—
Somebody has to stand up for the South!
Somebody has to stand up to his mouth!
If there's a fire you're trying to douse
You can't put it out from inside the house
I'm in the cabinet, I am complicit in
Watching him grabbin' at power and kiss it
If Washington isn't gon' listen
To disciplined dissidents, this is the difference:
This kid is out

[Verse 10: "Non-Stop"]
In New York you can be a new man

How do you write like you're running out of time?
Write day and night like you're running out of time?
Ev'ry day you fight like you're running out of time
Like you're running out of time
Are you running out of time?

[Verse 11: "History Has Its Eyes On You"]
Let me tell you what I wish I'd known
When I was young and dreamed of glory
You have no control
Who lives, who dies, who tells your story
I know that we can win
I know that greatness lies in you
But remember from here on in
History has its eyes on you (Whoa…)

[Verse 12: "My Shot"]
And I am not throwing away my shot
I am not throwing away my shot
Hey yo, I'm just like my country
I'm young, scrappy and hungry
And I'm not throwing away my shot
We gonna rise up, time to take a shot (Not throwing away my shot)
We gonna rise up, time to take a shot (Not throwing away my shot)
We're gonna rise up, rise up! (It's time to take a shot!)
Rise up, rise up!
And I am not throwing away my
Not throwing away my shot

[Outro]
There's a million things I haven't done
But just you wait (Just wait)
What's your name, man?
Alexander (Hamilton)
Alexander (Hamilton)
Alexander (Hamilton)
Alexander
That's right, the program is over
So now you can talk trash about it and vent your rage
On your Twitter or Facebook page

Won't you join us again next week
At 30 Rockefeller Plaza, NYC
Where the ratings are dismal
Remarkably somehow, we're still on the air

We'll just keep doing this whether you like it or not
We really do love our fans, yes, both of you

[Intro: JAY-Z & DJ Khaled]
And all that shit real too, ah
I ain't gon' stop
I see the...
I'm ain't gon' stop
I'm ain't... haha
We The Best Music

[Pre-Chorus: Future & DJ Khaled]
I took the top off the Maybach, I took the top off (Another one)
I took the top off the Maybach, I took the top off
I, I took the top off my Maybach, nigga
I took the top off my Maybach (DJ Khaled)

[Chorus: Future]
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach, oh
I took the top off the Maybach, ah
I took the top off the Maybach, yeah
I took the top off the Maybach, yeah

[Refrain: Future & JAY-Z]
I hear the po-po behind me, woo, ain't gon' stop (Skrrt, skrrt)
I see the po-po behind me, I ain't gon' stop (Skrrt, skrrt)
I see the po-po behind me, skrrt, ain't gon' stop (Skrrt, skrrt)
I dropped the top off the Maybach, fuck these cops ('Rrt, 'rrt)

[Verse 1: JAY-Z]
V12, see ya, 12 (Bye)
I do the whole dash with no seatbelt
Screamin', "Free my nigga Meek Mill"
Niggas can't wheelie in this free world
Meanwhile Georgie Porgie Cinnamon sendin' me threats
Save your breath, you couldn't beat a flight of steps
Try that shit with a grown man
I'll kill that fuckboy with my own hand
And hop back in the coupe (Woo, woo)
Let's go back to the mud, I'll hop right out the suit
Save all that woopty-woop
Let's let the money talk, let the Uzi shoot
No jewels in this Patek Philippe
It's complicated, three million apiece
Sheesh, that's how we do time
Dujac by the mag, that's how we do wine
91 thousand for a wine bill
Keep it real with you, that was Juan's bill
My whole team ball
Everybody's a star but the team ball
'61 with the thing off
Me and Blue havin' a sing-off
That's a raspberry beret
The kind you find in a second-hand store
That's a vintage piece
Kind that make haters kiss their teeth, you can't buy this new
I had the 'Bach-bach-bach, you know how I do
Two-tone with the powder blue (Woo)
Realest shit to come out the stu'
Khaled is valid, every word is true
What these niggas gon' do without us, Gu'?

[Chorus: Future]
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach, yeah
I, I took the top off my Maybach, nigga
I took the top off my Maybach

[Verse 2: JAY-Z]
I chopped the top off in Otis
Ridin' 'round town with the FLOTUS
One-point-five for the Landaulet
Bey, put these fuckboys on notice (Fuckboys on notice)

[Verse 3: Beyoncé]
How I'm the only lady here, still the realest nigga in the room?
I break the internet, top two and I ain't number two
My body, my ice, my cash, all real, I'm a triple threat
Fuck it up and then leave, come back, fuck it up and leave again
Top off the coupe and it look like Freaknik
In the hood, hollerin', "Free Meek"
Two deep, it's just me and Jay
Just posted in them courtside seats
Woo, I'm like, "hol' up"
Woo, I might roll up
If they're tryna party with the queen
They gon' have to sign a non-disclosure, ayy

[Chorus: Beyoncé & Future]
I took the top off the Maybach, yeah
I took the top off the Maybach (Ain't gon' stop)
I took the top off the Maybach (Rah)
I took the top off the Maybach (Woo, woo)
Ayy, I took the top off of my Maybach, bitch
I took the top off of my Maybach, bitch
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach
I took the top off the Maybach

[Bridge: Future]
Ooh-ooh, ooh, it's glittery, glittery
Ooh-ooh, it's pricy, pricy
Ooh-ooh, one-point-five
Ooh-ooh, I'm hyphy, I'm hyphy

[Refrain: Future]
I hear the po-po behind me, woo, ain't gon' stop (Skrrt, skrrt)
I see the po-po behind me, skrrt, ain't gon' stop (Skrrt, skrrt)
I see the po-po behind me, skrrt, ain't gon' stop (Skrrt, skrrt)
I dropped the top off the Maybach, 'rrt, fuck these cops ('Rrt, 'rrt)

[Outro: DJ Khaled & Future]
We The Best Music
I took the top off, I took the top off, I took the top off
Roc Nation
I took the top off, I took the top off, I took the top off
Ooh-ooh

[Intro]
Oooohhhhhhh
Oooooohhhhhh

[Verse]
I used to go out of my mind
Tryna' redefine the real meaning of love
I lost my dignity, forgot about me
I was so lost in us
I had to take hold, cause you had me
Stuck in the middle of nowhere

[Pre-Chorus]
And my faith, it would shake
I know you're trying your best
To take me

[Chorus]
Dream taker, won't you leave me alone?
Been standing in the way
For far too long
Dream maker now
Is taking your place
I'm no longer asleep
My heart is finally awake
So goodbye, good day
Farewell, it's okay

Dream taker, won't you leave me alone?
Can't wait till you're gone
Haven't dreamt in so long

(Instrumental break)

[Verse 2]
You used to be
The man of my dreams
Only now it seems
You were just a nightmare
But this little light of mine
Told me "Open my eyes
There's more than darkness out there"

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm not gon' run from ya
Imma walk from ya
I'm not afraid of ya
I've escaped from ya
And my faith is in place
In the night, I no longer see your face

[Chorus]
Dream taker, won't you leave me alone?
Been standing in the way
For far too long
Dream maker now
Is taking your place
I'm no longer asleep
My heart is finally awake

So goodbye, good day
Farewell, it's okay

Dream taker, won't you leave me alone?
Can't wait till you're gone
Haven't dreamt in so long

[Bridge]
Oooooooohhh
From ashes to ashes
And dust to us
Oooooohhhhhh

I'm not gon' run from ya
Imma walk from ya
I'm not afraid of ya
I've escaped from ya
I'm not gon' run from ya
Imma walk from ya
I'm not afraid of ya
I've escaped from ya

[Chorus]
Dream taker, won't you leave me alone?
Been standing in the way
For far too long
Dream maker now
Is taking your place
I'm no longer asleep
My heart is finally awake

So goodbye, good day
Farewell, it's okay

Dream taker, won't you leave me alone?
Can't wait till you're gone
Haven't dreamt in so long

[Outro]
Can't wait till you're gone
Haven't dreamt in so long

Can't wait till you're gone
Haven't dreamt in so long

[Chorus]
Beat on the brat, beat on the brat
Beat on the brat with a baseball bat
Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh-oh
Beat on the brat, beat on the brat
Beat on the brat with a baseball bat
Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh-oh
Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh-oh

[Verse]
What can you do? (With a lousy brat)
What can you do? (With a lousy brat)
With a brat like that always on your back
What can you lose?
What can you do? (With a brat like that)
What can you do? (With a brat like that)
With a brat like that always on your back
What can you lose?
Lose

[Chorus]
Beat on the brat, beat on the brat
Beat on the brat with a baseball bat
Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh-oh
Beat on the brat, beat on the brat
Beat on the brat with a baseball bat
Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh-oh
Oh yeah, oh yeah, uh-oh

[Verse]
What can you do? (Beat on the brat)
What can you do? (With a baseball bat)
With a brat like that always on your back
What can you lose?
What can you do? (Beat on the brat)
What can you do? (With a baseball bat)
With a brat like that always on your back
What can you lose?
Lose
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you

Well, it's time to celebrate your birthday, it happens every year
We'll eat a lot of broccoli and drink a lot of beer
You should be good and happy that there's something you can eat
A million people every day are starving in the street

Your daddy's in the gutter with the wretched and the poor
Your mama's in the kitchen with a can of Cycle Four
There's garbage in the water
There's poison in the sky
I guess it won't be long before we're all gonna die

Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Well, what's the matter little friend, you think this party is the pits
Enjoy it while you can, we'll soon be blown to bits
The monkeys in the pentagon are gonna cook our goose
Their finger's on the button, all they need it an excuse

It doesn't take a military genius to see
We'll all be crispy critters after World War III
There's nowhere you can run to, nowhere you can hide
When they drop the big one, we all get fried

(Come on boys and girls, sing along, okay?)

Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Wow!

Well there's a punk in the alley and he's looking for a fight
There's an Arab on the corner buying everything in sight
There's a mother in the ghetto with another mouth to feed
Seems that everywhere you look today there's misery and greed

I guess you know the Earth is gonna crash into the sun
But that's no reason why we shouldn't have a little fun
So if you think it's scary, if it's more than you can take
Just blow out the candles and have a piece of cake
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Wow!

Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday
Happy birthday to you

(Happy Birthday!)

And a pinch to grow an inch!

[Verse 1]
You're dressing like a Sunday morning
And your eyes look like
Little islands in the light
Hazel and light green
On white sheets

You're grinning like a Friday night
And you're smiling like
You know what you like
I think I do know you well
I know you well

[Chorus 1]
We come alive in the evening
With heat and wet skin
Ay, our bodies are tossed and turned
Tangled up in it
I come alive when you tease me
With heat and wet skin
Flesh and bone turned (ooh)
Flesh and bone turned
The weight of you close to me

[Verse 2]
You hold me like a prized possession
(Hold me, hold me, hold me, ah) That's close
Our bodies unfurl like smoke
We twist and we curl like smoke

Fever out (Out)
We're burning now
Holler out
We holler out 'til hollowed out

[Chorus 2]
Oh, we come alive in the evening
With heat and wet skin
Ay, our bodies are tossed
And turned, tangled up in it
I come alive when you tease me
With heat and wet skin
Flesh and bone turned (ooh)
So much flesh and bone turned

The weight of you in the evening
Your wet skin
Ay, our bodies are tossed
And turned, tangled up in it

[Outro]
I come alive when you tease me
With heat and wet skin
Your body close
And your body close
The weight of you

[Verse 1: Laura Les]
I'm just staring at my empty cans that sprawl across my floor
I'm smoking dope in empty cans I got from corner stores
There's broken glass from broken pieces lying in my sink
I'll wash them down with water getting harder ending blinks
I'll hang with this old feeling, treat it like another friend
We'll sit and watch some YouTube videos, we're staying in
We'll feed a doggo playing looking good with new veneer
Then end the night in covers, whisper nothings in my ear

[Pre-Chorus: Dylan Brady]
Don't say it's personal
'Cause I'm fine, I can do anything
I don't need you
I don't need you

[Chorus: Laura Les]
I've got bloodstains in my bathtub, I've got vomit on my floor
I've got Popov in my vomit, smell it as I leave my door
I've got three cans of Four Loko just to go and see your face
Going through it every weekend just to Steven leave my place

[Verse 2: Laura Les]
It's really just a doggo feeling shy about their teeth
I'm walking feeling fall, I might just catch a falling leaf
I'll catch it in my mouth and I'll refuse to tear it up
I'll take it home and put it on my table in a cup
I notice it looks good, sitting next to all my empty shit
I'll clean just a little, just to show it to my friend
I'll notice that they're leaving, but they leave their bags unpacked
They say it's nothing major and they promise to be back

[Pre-Chorus: Dylan Brady]
Don't say it's personal
'Cause I'm fine, I can do anything
I don't need you
I don't need you

[Chorus: Laura Les]
I've got bloodstains in my bathtub, I've got vomit on my floor
I've got Popov in my vomit, smell it as I leave my door
I've got three cans of Four Loko just to go and see your face
Going through it every weekend just to Steven leave my place
I’m riding a bullet
Caught in a bullet
Riding the bullet
Ready or not
Got a keystone caught 

[?]
Dodging a bullet
Dodging a bullet

There’s room at the top
Superman evil
I’m nothing but evil
I’m dodging a bullet
Dogding a bullet

Turn around
Yeah
Turn around
Turn around

Whatever it matters
Whenever it matters
I’m dodging a bullet
I’m dodging a bullet
Whatever it matter
Got it all on a platter
Dodging a bullet
Turn around turn around turn around

[Snippet]
...look at me
Everything about you is bringing me misery

[Verse 4]
Little red wagon
Little red bike
I ain't no monkey, but I know what I like
And I like the way you love me strong and slow
I'm taking you with...
I wish you'd
Come to your senses
Come to your senses
Somehow

That time you 

[?]
Gone ... 

[?]
Gone ... 

[?]
Somehow
Somehow
Somehow
Uh uh uh uh
Somehow
Somehow
Somehow

Your love
Won't put over me 

[?]
Won't put over me 

[?]
Won't put 

[?]
Don't run
'Til you can't walk
'Til you can't walk
'Til you can't walk
'Til you can't walk
'Til you can't walk
'Til you can't walk
'Til you can't walk

Yeah, yeah, yeah

[break, acoustic guitars enters]

I wish you'd
Come to your senses
Come to your senses
Somehow

Your pot of gold
Is locked in boxes
Is locked in a bank vault
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors
Oh
Oh
Ooooh
I wish you'd
Come to your senses
Come to your senses
Somehow

Your time
Gone until you're only 

[?]
Gone until you're only 

[?]
Gone until you're only 

[?]
And how
And how
And how
And how
And how
And how
And how

Oh, you come up 

[?]
The future
Is yours
And all the boxes 

[?]
And let me 

[?]
Come around

Oh how 

[?] I wish you come to your senses
Come to your senses
Somehow
You pot of gold
Is locked in boxes
Is locked in a bank vault
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors
Behind closed doors

Uh uh
Uh uh
Uh uh
Uh uh
Uh uh
Don't bore us
Get to the chorus
Open the floodgates

We want the good bits
Without the bullshit
And no heartache

Hold on
Hold on

No pain and
No suffering
And no one gets hurt

We absorb you
We absolve you
Open the floodgates

Hold on
Hold on

[Intro]
It's good, drowning
This one, it's drowning
This one, it's drowning
This one, it's drowning

[Verse 1]
In the 

[?] passes by
'Cause you're having a breakdown
Splinters on the log
Hovering birds of prey

[Chorus 1]
Your god wake me from 

[?]
Just wake me, c'mon, c'mon
Wake me, before
Just wake me

[Verse 2]
Splinters on the road
Hovering birds of prey
You're so high upon yourself
And you blow it all away

[Chorus 2]
Before you do, wake me
Before you do, wake me
Before you do, wake me
Before you do

[Verse 3]
Laying down the spot
'Cause you're having a breakdown
You got small holes in your eyes
Hovering birds of prey

[Chorus 3]
Before they come, wake me
Before they come, wake me
Before they come, wake me
Before they come

[Bridge]
Wake me, before they come
Wake me, before they come
Wake me, before they come
Wake me, before they come

[Outro]
Before they come, wake me
Before they come

[Intro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Verse 1]
Find light in the beautiful sea
I choose to be happy
You and I, you and I
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
I knew that we'd become one right away
Oh, right away
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Verse 2]
Palms rise to the universe
As we moonshine and molly
Feel the warmth, we'll never die
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Bridge]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Outro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Oh-oh, yeah
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Intro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Verse 1]
Find light in the beautiful sea
I choose to be happy
You and I, you and I
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
I knew that we'd become one right away
Oh, right away
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Verse 2]
Palms rise to the universe
As we moonshine and molly
Feel the warmth, we'll never die
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Bridge]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Refrain]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Oh-oh, yeah
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Intro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright tonight
Shine bright tonight

[Verse 1]
Find light in the beautiful sea
I choose to be happy
You and I, you and I
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
I knew that we'd become one right away
Oh, right away
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Verse 2]
Palms rise to the universe
As we moonshine and molly
Feel the warmth, we'll never die
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky

[Pre-Chorus]
At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays
I saw the life inside your eyes

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
In the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
In the sky

[Bridge]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Refrain]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Oh-oh, yeah

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Outro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Oh-oh, yeah
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Intro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Chorus]
So, shine bright tonight
You and I
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Eye to eye
So alive
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Drop: Jacob Plant & Rihanna]
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Verse]
Find light in the beautiful sea
I choose to be happy
You and I, you and I
We're like diamonds in the sky
You're a shooting star I see
A vision of ecstasy
When you hold me, I'm alive
We're like diamonds in the sky
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Post-Chorus]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky

[Drop: Jacob Plant & Rihanna]
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond
We're beautiful, like diamonds in the sky
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shining bright like a diamond

[Outro]
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond
Shine bright like a diamond

[Intro]
Get Live, To the hoop ya'll
Get live, 2003
Get live, Swish, woohoo!

[Verse 1]
Scribble on the wall
Got them dribbling the ball
It's the number one player in the game
Hoop ya'll. Think
Ain't no thing could see my game
Its to back you down and bang on you
Get live
Imma bring it to your whole team
Tryin to win the whole thing
Size me up for the ring
Haha. I'm celebratin' while the other team mad
With their head down hatin
Get live
And waitin to get another rematch
But we ain't trying to see that
Believe that next
Homie yo game is weak
Mine's a sweep
I'm riding on a 7 game winning streak
Get Live
Bustin them up
Tossing them up
Crossing them up
Crushing them up, what?
You can't stop my reign
EA Sports and Snoop Dogg it's in the game

[Hook]
Get Live
You brought them the game
It's all in the game
Who in the hall of fame
Who read in the game
NBA live homie is a glide of rain
It's big snoop dogg to the hoop dog

Get Live
You brought them the game
It's all in the game
Who in the hall of fame
Who read in the game
Nobody alive has been good enough to beat me yet
It's in the game

[Verse 2]
Comin down like a rhino
Me and my boys will be waitin in the finals
1 on 1 or 5 on 5
I'm the coldest when comes down to it ah
Get live
Shoot from the in or the outside
I'm on a mission, you on the exhibition
Stay off the big, payoff im in the playoffs
Who you playin with
Who you rollin with
Get live
Its the season im in another season
And to win a tournament that be the reason
Fact is I don't need practice
But you do cuz yo team seem to lack this skill that I got
Get live
I get hop, my shot my spitter pop
Man I got it locked haha
You can't stop my reign
It's EA Sports Snoop dog its in the game

[Hook]
You brought them the game
It's all in the game
Who in the hall of fame
Who read in the game
NBA live homie is a glide of rain
To the hoop ya'll, to the hoop ya'll
It's in the game
You brought them the game
It's all in the game
Who in the hall of fame
Who read in the game
Nobody alive has been good enough to beat me yet
To the hoop ya'll
It's in the game

[Verse 1]
I wanna be alone
Alone with you - does that make sense?
I wanna steal your soul
And hide you in my treasure chest

[Verse 2]
I don't know what to do
To do with your kiss on my neck
I don't know what feels true
But this feels right so stay a sec
Yeah, you feel right so stay a sec
Yeah, you feel right so stay a sec

[Verse 3]
Gold on your fingertips
Fingertips against my cheek
Gold leaf across your lips
Kiss me until I can't speak

[Verse 4]
Gold chain beneath your shirt
The shirt that you let me wear home
Gold's fake and real love hurts
And nothing hurts when I'm alone
When you're with me and we're alone
When you're with me and we're alone

[Chorus: KRS-One]
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells

[Verse 1: KRS-One]
Coming to a town near you
Gorilla you
Gorill move 

[?] just look
It's 2 + 2, rippin them clubs down
You know 1 hour, 2 hour, 3 hour shows
You see how it goes
I don't mean to impose
Go multidirectional, technical, poetical
Respectable, impecabal, intalectual

[Verse 2: Murs]
I met her at the Rock The Bells, back in 08
Beautiful beach girl, she my soulmate
I said "excuse me miss, who'd you come to see?"
Knew she was lying when she looked and smiled and said me
I said "that just can't be"
All these names on the list
You know you just came to see Mos and Q-Tip
Got you baby, don't trip
Cause I'm something like a fan too
Please except this backstage pass Imma hand you
She declined, said she didn't have the time
But Imma find her again, at Rock The Bells 09

[Chorus: KRS-One]
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells

[Verse 3: Supernatural]
Supernatural the sweetest, Nas is the realest
You gotta rise up with monsters, to be the best of the biddness
Been ban from LA, looked at as a menis
But GQ picked us up, I'll see you in a minute
Hip hop at it's rawest form, I'm all in it
The gass mask coming, invade your city limmits
Who's bringing 

[?]

[?]

[Verse 4: Chali 2NA]
This is fresh
Rock The Bells, reppin the west
Weapons correct
You losing your breath
2NA classic, the last fish
Better than the best
Verbal gymnastic, I flash with this S on my chest
A defenet threat
The last one you testin I bet

[?] bring the best of the best
Who has the beat next?
2NA bring the true 

[?]
My name came from the name of a Cool J song
Rock The Bells

[Chorus: KRS-One]
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells

[Verse 5: Tech N9ne]
See Tech once, you gotta see Tech twice
Cause on stages, he amazes, when he bless mics
Never thought a midwest gangster would be there that night
You thought there'd be a lot of BS-ing from me, not like
See you is my family, you others best step right
Cause whenever I'm in the mood, yes let's fight
Especially if you another prep that writes
You lip sinck 

[?]

[Chorus: KRS-One]
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells
Rock, rock, rock the bells
We gotta rock rock the bells

[Verse 1]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Drop: Hardwell]

[Verse 2]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you baby

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life

[Drop: Hardwell]

[Intro]
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Verse 1]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Drop: Papercha$er]

[Verse 2]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you baby

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Drop: Papercha$er & Rihanna]
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Bridge]
You can have me all you want
Any way, any day
To show me where you are tonight, oh yeah, oh

[Outro]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Verse 1]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Verse 2]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you baby

[Refrain 1]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Bridge]
You can have me all you want
Any way, any day
To show me where you are tonight, oh yeah, oh

[Refrain 2]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my....

[Intro]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for...
Where have you been?

[Breakdown]
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Verse]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe

[Refrain]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh
You can have me all you want
Any way, any day
To show me where you are tonight, oh yeah, oh

[Verse]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my....

[Intro]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone

[Verse 1]
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you babe

[Pre-Chorus]
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh
Where have you been?
Cause I never see you out
Are you hiding from me, yeah?
Somewhere in the crowd, oh

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Drop: DJ Vice]

[Verse 2]
I've been everywhere
I've been everywhere, man
I've been everywhere, man, looking for someone
Someone who can please me, love me all night long
I've been everywhere, man, looking for you babe
Looking for you babe, searching for you baby

[Chorus]
Where have you been?
All my life, all my life
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?
Where have you been all my life?

[Drop: DJ Vice]

[Verse: Spoken]
Woo!
Whoever is listening
Wherever you at
Whatever city this is playing in right now
You 'bout to witness something very special, man
F-N-F
First and Fifteenth
Mixtape volume one, man
It's the beginning, man
You know what I'm talking 'bout
Chi-Town, Harlem, Michigan City, man
Worldwide
I'm the vice president, man, First and Fifteenth
Executive, that's right
Slash artists
Lupe Fiasco, man
AKA Was
What up Chili
You know I brought my crew with me
You know what I'm saying
Gemini
South-Side Chi Town
We definitely in the building, man
One-fourth-fifth, man, blam
Taliban where you at, man
New York is in here, NYC
Matt Wicked, B12, Mag, Indiana
What's up gangstas
And that's just the Hip-Hop, man
R&B, R&B?
Staples, man
Makada
It's not a game
Kendall, what up baby
Mia Lansky, enough said on that
Bryce, what up
What up gangsta
Pro, Producer extraordinaire
Boss, Wonderboss
Damn right, it's nothing nice
Mixtape volume one, niggas
F-N-F, Chi Town
Harlem, Michigan City, Indiana
If you didn't know before
You damn sure 'gon know now, man
That's what's up
So, with all that said, man
All the minor introductions and acquaintances made
Let's get into it, man
Let's step off into it, man
Yeah!

[Lupe Fiasco]
Yeah
Shayla G up
FNF up
Yo SG talk to these niggas

[Shayla G]
Calling me a bitch and that's only out of jealousy
It's not and I'm not I'm just of another pedigree
I bust like greyhound no other dog can get ahead of me
Around to live a legacy on MTV is below (below below)

[Lupe Fiasco]
Yeah
Shayla G up
FNF up
Yo SG talk to these niggas

[Verse: Shayla G]
Calling me a bitch and that's only out of jealousy
It's not and I'm not I'm just of another pedigree
I bust like greyhound no other dog can get ahead of me
Around to live a legacy on MTV is below me
I don't intend to gain by holdin on to guns
I roll around with those that's fresh ???
And there's cash in a mass of an upper echelon
Mess with them it's like asking for (???)
(???)
And that's announced like them whitey's in apartheid
Pop out the noise then you avoid the outside
Why don't you just come and meet me on the south side
From the go don't play as if you didn't know22
When the pop off them things there ain't no dippin' low
Better not go for short ???
I'm rollin' on the strip just don't pay me like a hoe
My heart don't pump no pump
I ain't the one that's trying to act tough
It's just that I'm not gonna leave in fear
So you better know no chumps live here
My heart don't pump no pump
I ain't the one that's trying to act tough
It's just that I'm not gonna leave in fear
So you better know no chumps live here
You won't find a better chick with a rapper's etiquette
Subjecting credit kids that's road intelligent
No I'm not arrogant the heir is inherited
I'm an Aquarius and underground it's hairy and
No hope when I sell a ???
Cuz when I spit the barrel spin like gos of the heroin
I'll never leave and I'm gonna stick in right there with them
I'm gonna blow for the fans that do the heroin
This girl's official
Like the guys in the black and white stripes that's blowin the whistles
And I ain't even talking gangsta or tough
But take my kindness for weakness I'll beat your a** up
Make them seats that's an option I'll eat your a** up
In the past beyond the wall be a TV and all
There'll be blood that is drawn from you yapping your jaws
Making woof calls that's without cause
My heart don't pump no pump
I ain't the one that's trying to act tough
It's just that I'm not gonna leave in fear
So you better know no chumps live here
My heart don't pump no pump
I ain't the one that's trying to act tough
It's just that I'm not gonna leave in fear
So you better know no chumps live here

[Intro]
Mic check, one-two, we recording?

[Verse 1]
I'm cancerous so, when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again
And break your fucking legs 'til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown
‘Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
(Oh no!) So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les'
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
‘Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave?
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave?

[Hook 1]
Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me?
I slap women and eat shrooms then OD
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me?

[Verse 2]
Me and Marcus Allen was buttfuckin' Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must've been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both then smeared blood on the white Bronco
My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped, I'm running out the morgue
With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm 'bout as normal as Norman Bates
With deformative traits, a premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head-

[Chorus: Chester Bennington]
So say goodbye and hit the road
Pack it up and disappear
You better have some place to go
'Cause you can't come back around here
Good goodbye
(Don't you come back no more)

[Verse 1: Mike Shinoda]
Live from the rhythm, it's
Something wild, venomous
Enemies trying to read me
You're all looking highly illiterate
Blindly forgetting if I'm in the mix
You won't find an equivalent
I've been here killing it
Longer than you've been alive, you idiot
And it makes you so mad
Somebody else could be stepping in front of you
And it makes you so mad that you're not the only one
There's more than one of you
And you can't understand the fact
That it's over and done, hope you had fun
You've got a lot to discuss on the bus
Headed back where you're from

[Chorus: Chester Bennington]
So say goodbye and hit the road
Pack it up and disappear
You better have some place to go
'Cause you can't come back around here
Good goodbye
Good goodbye
Good goodbye
Good goodbye
Good goodbye

[Verse 2: Pusha T]
(Wooh!)
Goodbye, good riddance
A period is after every sentence
Did my time with my cellmate
Maxed out so now we finished
Every day was like a hail date
Every night was like a hailstorm
Took her back to my tinted windows
Showin' out, she in rare form
Wings up, now I'm airborne
King Push, they got a chair for him
Make way for the new queen
The old lineup, where they cheer for 'em
Consequence when you ain't there for him
Were you there for him?
Did you care for him?
You were dead wrong

[Chorus: Chester Bennington]
(Don't you come back no more)
So say goodbye and hit the road
Pack it up and disappear
You better have some place to go
'Cause you can't come back around here
Good goodbye
Good goodbye
(Don't you come back no more)
Good goodbye
Good goodbye
(Don't you come back no more)

[Verse 3: Mike Shinoda]
Live from the Genesis
Underline it for emphasis
There is no way to pretend
That we don't really know what the ending is
Part of me thinking
That even addressing is being too generous
Do you really think that they'll notice
When you get removed from the premises?
And it makes you so mad
That somebody else could be stepping in front of you
And it makes you so mad
That I won't give you the respect that the others do
And you can't understand it was over
Before it's begun, hope you had fun
You've got a lot to discuss on the bus
Headed back where you're from

[Chorus: Chester Bennington]
So say goodbye and hit the road
Pack it up and disappear
You better have some place to go
'Cause you can't come back around here
Good goodbye
Good goodbye
(Don't you come back no more)
Good goodbye
Good goodbye
(Don't you come back no more)

[Chorus]
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
Why do I look up and see my feet? Am I rising?
But why do my peak look like it's out of my reach?
Why can't I trust what I see? (MonstaBeatz)

[Verse 1]
My-my scene just a crime scene
Got the high beams and the sirens, yeah
My team, we divide teams
Talkin' dirty money? Check the hygienes
All the dirty money get dry cleaned
Talkin' dirty money, Sam Rothstein
Had my goons kidnap your offsprings
While I was working on my golf swing
Ooh, sweet dreams, sour nightmares
It's a cold world, I got an ice grill
No one man should have all that power
If he can't afford to pay the light bill
I got a forcefield over my heartbeat
The window seal with no door key
I'm poppin' pills to feel more me
Cut off the wings now I'm soaring
And I never feel like poor me
I'd rather feel like the old me
I was born with wheels and I roll deep
I could make the devil get cold feet
Don't light the clove unless it's four leaf
Get a pussy wetter than a coral reef
On my face, I tatted me a fleur-de-lis
Should I get it covered with a coca leaf?
I could tell you better than you showed me
I could show you better than you told me
I'm an OG up in OT
And it's no sleep 'til it's roast beef
I better not hear a Little Bo-Peep
Better go figure, better go deep
Pass no judgement, pass your weed
I'm the GOAT nigga, no goatee

[Chorus]
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
Why do I look up and see my feet? Am I rising?
But why do my peak look like it's out of my reach?
Why can't I trust what I see?

[Verse 2]
Mmm, sippin' on purple like it's herbal
Bad brown bitch, Lisa Turtle
On turbo, you don't wan' disturb him
Momma put too much sugar in my Gerber
Damn, I done dropped too many ashes on my turban
I done seen so many titties on Bourbon
Live a different kind of lifestyle
Different color diamonds, got a nigga lookin' like sherbert
Stepped to the plate, knocked it out the park
Eat a nigga face like a tiger shark
Dressed in all red like Olajuwon
My niggas hit your safe like the Holocaust
My niggas catch a case, feel like I got Moss'd
My nigga treat the K just like a loft
Got a lawyer and an agent but I'm the boss
And my heart always racin' but never lost
Hello? I was the illest nigga on child support
Now I'm lookin' at the Robb Report
Went and looking at the final score
Bedroom got revolvin' doors
Bitches in and out smilin' more
Than children smilin' at a carnival
Ain't got nothing in common but the common cold
Big Bs nigga, honor roll
Hold up, I think I found the flow
Started from the bottom bitch
Never been monogamous, never been monotonous
Never been anonymous, money is eunonymus
Always had accomplices, always had conglomerates
Always let the chopper clip stick out like a bottom lip
You runnin' out of time so you better know what time it is
You runnin' out of tears and you runnin' out of volunteers
Young Mula bitch, I die for the logo
Cocaine price low, call that a low blow
Tunechi like Pablo, kis in the rowboat
Tunechi in the yacht though, still don't showboat
Sippin' on the slowpoke, movin' like a tugboat
Smokin' like a steamboat, fuckin' on a love boat
Better read the ransom note before you read the love note
Don't know if it's sore throat, deep throat or cut throat

[Chorus]
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
Why do I look up and see my feet? Am I rising?
But why do my peak look like it's out of my reach?
Why can't I trust what I see?

[Outro]
Oh why am I so kamikaze
Why can't I stay in my seat? I'm so hyphy
Try me, why do I see these bloody bodies?
Why do I love what I see?
Why me? Oh why, oh why, oh why me?
R.I.P
If you can't live in peace, then you can die in peace
As your eyes close and mines bleed, I need Vizine

[Intro]
Lil Boat

[Pre-Chorus]
This is just how I am
This is just how I was created
Don't you judge who I am
Cause I still think that I am the greatest

[Chorus]
Don't judge me by the color of my skin today
And don't crucify none of my friends today
And when I pull up in the Benz, don't think that I stole it
And don't think that, no, don't think that, no

[Bridge]
Let me be, judgement free
And don't think that, no, don't think that, no

[Chorus]
So don't judge me by the color of my skin today
And don't crucify none of my friends today
And when I pull up in the Benz, don't think that it's rented
And don't think that, no, don't think that, no
Don't judge me by the color of my skin today
Don't judgement me no, don't judge me no
And don't crucify none of my friends today
And let us be judgement free

[Verse]
Let us be judgement free, let us be judgement free
I'm not a pretender
I know you know what's going on
Yes I can feel your anger
I just wanna know what's going on
Cause I'm riding around with my friends, yeah, and we balling
We hit the block and we ball hard, no Spalding
And no energy around me can be negative, no never
I remain positive forever

[Bridge]
Let me be judgement free
And don't think that, no, don't think that, no

[Chorus]
Don't judge me by the color of my skin today
And don't crucify none of my friends today
And when I pull up in the Benz, don't think that it's rented
And don't think that, no, don't think that, no
Don't judge me by the color of my skin today
Don't judgement no, don't judge me no
And don't crucify any of my friends today
And just let us be judgement free

[Bridge]
Let us be judgement free, let us be judgement free
Just let us be judgement free

[Chorus]
Don't judge me by the color of my skin today
And don't crucify none of my friends today
And when I pull up in the Benz, don't think that it's rented
And don't think that, no, don't think that, no
Don't judge me by the color of my skin today
Don't judgement no, don't judge me no
And don't crucify any of my friends today
And just let us be judgement free

[Outro]
Let us be judgement free, let us be judgement free

[Verse 1]
Baby, I love you
I need you here with me all the time
Baby, we meant to be
You got me smiling all the time

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Verse 2]
Baby come, take me now
Hold me now, make me come alive
You got the sweetest touch
I'm so happy you came in my life

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Bridge]
And yes, I'm kinda crazy
That's what happens, baby
When you put it down
You shouldn't give it to me good like that
Shouldn't hit it like that
Had me yellin' like that
Didn't know you would've had me coming back
You the one that I'm feeling
You the one that I'm loving
Ain't no other niggas like you
No, there's just one, one, one, one, one, one
No baby, just one, one, one, one
I bet you wanna know

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Intro]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Verse 1]
Baby, I love you
I need you here with me all the time
Baby, we meant to be
You got me smiling all the time

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Bridge]
And yes, I'm kinda crazy
That's what happens, baby
When you put it down
You shouldn't give it to me good like that
Shouldn't hit it like that
Had me yellin' like that
Didn't know you would've had me coming back
You the one that I'm feeling
You the one that I'm loving
Ain't no other niggas like you
No, there's just one, one, one, one, one, one
No baby, just one, one, one, one
I bet you wanna know

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Outro]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave

[Intro: Lil Yachty & Ugly God]
30, you a fool for this one
Run it up, mhm
I finally realized why you niggas hatin'
Niggas ain't gettin' no money, man
'Cause when you ain't gettin' no money, you know what I'm sayin', like
You know what I'm sayin', stressed out, you know what I'm sayin'
You stressed out when you get no money
We stressless over here, niggas is stress free
Yup, ayy, yup, ayy, yup, ayy
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, ayy, yuh, yuh yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, damn, yuh, okay, yuh
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh
God, Boat, God, Boat

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
And that lil' car go fast (Fast) and that lil' car go zoom (Zoom)
That lil' bitch got a fat ass (Ass), took that lil' bitch to the room (Whoo)
My niggas walked in with sticks (Sticks), my niggas walked in with brooms (Brooms)
Try to take one of my chains (Yeah), all you gon' hear is a boom (Boom)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (Damn)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (Grr)
Don't give a fuck 'bout your clique, uh
Y'all can get hit with the boom (Boom)
Don't give a fuck 'bout the bitch, uh
Give her the dick, then I zoom (Skrr)

[Verse 1: Ugly God]
I'm like "Whoops", huh, I might peel off in a coupe, huh
Nigga better not take my chain, huh, blow that bitch up like a nuke, huh
I do this shit for my mama, my mama told me don't forget 'bout my roots (Huh)
I just been countin' my commas, talk down I'ma stomp that boy out in my boots (Huh)
Hop in the whip and go vroom, nigga talk down, I go boom
I won't even break a sweat, I'ma just call up my goons
Get yo ass gone for the low, my shooters gon' ride to the Moon
Then I'ma fuck on ya ho, take that bitch back to the room
Ayy, I'ma shoot shots if you talk down on my name
I don't miss shots, but my choppa got aim
Old money, but it don't walk with a cane
VVS diamonds, just talk to my chain
Yeah I beat her back out, it get knocked out the frame
Fuck my old whip, had to cop me a Range
She don't fuck with me right now, but as soon as I drop
Guarantee she gon' fly for the fame

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
And that lil' car go fast (Fast) and that lil' car go zoom (Zoom)
That lil' bitch got a fat ass (Ass), took that lil' bitch to the room (Whoo)
My niggas walked in with sticks (Sticks), my niggas walked in with brooms (Brooms)
Try to take one of my chains (Yeah), all you gon' hear is a boom (Boom)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (Damn)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (Grr)
Don't give a fuck 'bout your clique, uh
Y'all can get hit with the boom (Boom)
Don't give a fuck 'bout the bitch, uh
Give her the dick, then I zoom (Skrr)

[Verse 2: Lil Yachty]
Drop and roll (Ooh, ooh), death row (Ooh)
I bought six cars before 20, uh
Gave her that dick, now she love me (Ooh)
Gave her that dick, now she love me
Lean in the glass, like it's bubbly, huh
These niggas hate that I'm rich, huh
These niggas hate on my bitch, yeah (Guck it)
Fuck with that fuck up (Damn)
Fuck, then I dip, 'cause she stuck up (Ooh)
Crowd hands up like a stick-up (Yeah)
Hit the flick of the wrist, huh
Bank on Lemony Snicket, huh (Ooh)
Ice on my neck, cost a ticket, huh (Ooh)
Your career rocky like ridges, huh (Ooh)
Test me, you gon' need some stitches
That goes for any of you bitches (Lil Boat)
Chopsticks (Ooh), nigga, get beat up in the moshpits (Yeah)
Leave a nigga lumpy, like cheese grits (Yeah)
Dick 'bout as long as four fish sticks (Ooh)
Middle finger to a cop, racist pig that can suck on my cock
Big rocks all inside of my watch, that's not a Rolex, my nigga, that's Swatch

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
And that lil' car go fast (Fast) and that lil' car go zoom (Zoom)
That lil' bitch got a fat ass (Ass), took that lil' bitch to the room (Whoo)
My niggas walked in with sticks (Sticks), my niggas walked in with brooms (Brooms)
Try to take one of my chains (Yeah), all you gon' hear is a boom (Boom)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (Damn)
Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! (Grr)
Don't give a fuck 'bout your clique, uh
Y'all can get hit with the boom (Boom)
Don't give a fuck 'bout the bitch, uh
Give her the dick, then I zoom (Skrr)

[Outro: Ugly God]
Skrr, skrr, skrr
Skrr, skrr

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Your love is mine

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto]

[Verse 1: Chris Brown]
Baby, baby, you know I'ma spend all of this money on you
You don't even really have to ask
You put it on me crazy and you got a nigga fienin' for you
She told me to smack her on her ass

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
She know that I secure the bag, she want the bag
Throwin' all this cash, I got the bag
I secure the bag, I got that bag
Throwin' this cash up, baby I need it

[Chorus: Chris Brown & Rich The Kid]
I'm gonna need you
I'm gonna need you, I got that bag (bag)
I'm gonna need you, I'm gonna need you
I got that bag, I'm gonna need you (oh)
I'm gonna need you, I got that bag (oh)
Throwin' this cash up. baby, I need it (Rich)

[Verse 2: Rich The Kid]
Bag secured, my nigga they get to the cash for sure (bag, for sure)
I smash of course, she wanted the bag that you can't afford (smash, huh)
Threw too many Hunnids, they double up (hunnids, huh)
She wanna fuck with me

[Pre-Chorus: Chris Brown]
She know that I secure that bag, she want the bag
Throwin' all this cash, I got that bag
I secure the bag, I got that bag
Throwin' this cash up, baby I need it

[Chorus: Chris Brown]
I'm gonna need you
I'm gonna need you, I got that bag
I'm gonna need you, I'm gonna need you
I got that bag, I'm gonna need you
I'm gonna need you, I got that bag
Throwin' this cash up, baby, I need it

[Verse 1: Thundercat]
Nobody move, there's blood on the floor
Nobody move, there's blood on the floor
Nobody move, there's blood on the floor
A-and I can't find my-my heart
Where did it go? Did I leave it in the cold?
So please give it back, 'cause it's not yours to take
It must've fell when I lost my mind
Deep in the cut, drowning in a pain
Somebody help 'cause I can't find my way
Nobody move, no-nobody move

[Interlude]

[Verse 2: Thundercat]
Somebody tell me how I'm supposed to feel
Somebody tell me how I'm supposed to feel
Somebody tell me how I'm supposed to feel
When I'm sitting here knowing this ain't real (a-ain't real)
Why in the world would I give my heart to you?
Just to watch you throw it in the trash
Been traveling-been traveling so long, I don't think I can hold on
Where-where were you when I needed you the most?
Now I'm sitting here with a black hole in my chest
A heart-heartless, broken mess

[Outro]

[OG Ron C]
Yeah
What you sippin' on G?
What's that in your glass baby?
Huh?
What you drinking on?
What?
You know what we drinking on in this 

[?]
All over the world, 

[?] what they drinking on?
Shiii
Let's go
DJ Candlestick, Thundercat, Chopstars

[Intro]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love

[Verse 1]
Baby, I love you
I need you here with me all the time
Baby, we meant to be
You got me smiling all the time

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Dave Audé & Rihanna]
You da one
You da one
One, one, one, one, one

[Verse 2]
Baby come, take me now
Hold me now, make me come alive
You got the sweetest touch
I'm so happy you came in my life

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Dave Audé & Rihanna]
You da one
You da one
One, one, one, one, one

[Bridge]
And yes, I'm kinda crazy
That's what happens, baby
When you put it down
You shouldn't give it to me good like that
Shouldn't hit it like that
Had me yellin' like that
Didn't know you would've had me coming back
You the one that I'm feeling
You the one that I'm loving
Ain't no other niggas like you
No, there's just one, one, one, one, one, one
No baby, just one, one, one, one
I bet you wanna know

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Dave Audé & Rihanna]
You da one
You da one
One, one, one, one, one, one, one, one

[Intro]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love

[Verse 1]
Baby, I love you
I need you here with me all the time
Baby, we meant to be
You got me smiling all the time

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Verse 2]
Baby come, take me now
Hold me now, make me come alive
You got the sweetest touch
I'm so happy you came in my life

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Bridge]
And yes, I'm kinda crazy
That's what happens, baby
When you put it down
You shouldn't give it to me good like that
Shouldn't hit it like that
Had me yellin' like that
Didn't know you would've had me coming back
You the one that I'm feeling
You the one that I'm loving
Ain't no other other like you
No, there's just one, one, one, one, one, one
No baby, just one, one, one, one
I bet you wanna know

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Outro]
You da one
You da one
You da one
One, one, one, one, one, one, one, one

[Breakdown]
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love

You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always

[Breakdown]
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Bridge]
And yes, I'm kinda crazy
That's what happens, baby
When you put it down
You shouldn't give it to me good like that
Shouldn't hit it like that
Had me yellin' like that
Didn't know you would've had me coming back
You the one that I'm feeling
You the one that I'm loving
Ain't no other niggas like you
No, there's just one, one, one, one, one, one
No baby, just one, one, one, one
I bet you wanna know

You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always

[Breakdown]
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always
You da one that I think about always

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Yeah, yeah
Your love is mine

[Verse]
Baby come, take me now
Hold me now, make me come alive
You got the sweetest touch
I'm so happy you came in my life

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Mine, mine
Your love is mine

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Yeah, yeah
Your love is mine

[Verse]
Baby come, take me now
Hold me now, make me come alive
You got the sweetest touch
I'm so happy you came in my life

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Mine, mine
Your love is mine
Mine, mine, mine

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto]

[Verse]
Baby come, take me now
Hold me now, make me come alive
You got the sweetest touch
I'm so happy you came in my life

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto]

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Your love is mine

[Verse]
Baby come, take me now
Hold me now, make me come alive
You got the sweetest touch
I'm so happy you came in my life

[Pre-Chorus]
Cause you know how to give me that
You know how to pull me back when I go runnin', runnin'
Tryna get away from loving ya
You know how to love me hard
I won't lie, I'm falling hard
Yep, I'm falling for ya but there's nothin' wrong with that

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Your love is mine

[Intro]
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Drop: Gregor Salto & Rihanna]
Your love is mine

[Chorus]
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is my love
You da one that I dream about all day
You da one that I think about always
You are the one, so I make sure I'll behave
My love is your love, your love is mine

[Intro]
Polo Boy Shawty on the track, so I am killin' it

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty]
Never needed nothin', nigga
Canary yellow diamonds like the wrapper of a Butterfinger
Hit him, then my brother follow up, that's a double stinger
Told the bitch the truth, she runnin' 'round like it's Jerry Springer
It could be an opera singer
Two speedin' tickets in a month, that's the Bentley coupe
Split the check in half with the gang, that's what brothers do
Check a bitch, checkmate, check please, woo!
Two cribs, six cars, under 22

[Chorus: K$upreme & Lil Yachty]
Oops, oops, ooh
Fuck a nigga bitch, I'm like, "Oops" (Oops)
Pass her to the gang, nigga, that's an alley-oop (Oop)
Ridin' 'round town in an all-white coupe (Yeah)
Gang of bad bitches blow a nigga like soup (Yeah)
You was buyin' Polos, I was buyin' coupes
Oops, oops, oops, oops

[Verse 2: 2 Chainz]
Yeah, 2 Chainz
Lames still rockin' them Ray-Bans (Ray-Bans)
Them sure look like Ray-Bans (Woo)
Took a brick, then got a spray tan (Hah)
Represent the A like a exam
Live from the block, shine in the dark
Grind à la carte, time on the clock
Can't get it back, where you niggas at?
Sold so many Z's, can't take a nap (Tell 'em)
Tired of the fraternize
I am as real as they advertise (Yeah)
I like the pussy with sanitize (True)
She left her thong, tried to sabotage
Bitch, you know I got a main (Got a main)
I got my pockets on Country Kane
Gator shit on like a Florida game
If you spill somethin' on me, I wouldn't get a stain
Oops, oops

[Chorus: K$upreme & Lil Yachty]
Oops, oops, ooh
Fuck a nigga bitch, I'm like, "Oops" (Oops)
Pass her to the gang, nigga, that's an alley-oop (Oop)
Ridin' 'round town in an all-white coupe (Yeah)
Gang of bad bitches blow a nigga like soup (Yeah)
You was buyin' Polos, I was buyin' coupes
Oops, oops, oops, oops

[Verse 3: Lil Yachty]
Racks up, fat knots, deep bass, big watch
Six cars, young Yacht, too rich, clean stitch (Woo)
Lean fixed, grill-less, new whip black as Seal, sis
Diamonds all real, sis, yo daughter my gutter, bitch
The belly gettin' bigger (Woo), might put some ice on my trigger (Huh)
Choppa start singin' like Trigga (Trigga)
Don't fuck with me, nigga
Yeah, late night, I'm out with your bitch, someone took a pic, ooh (Yuh)
What that is up on my wrist? That's a whole brick, Lil Boat (Woo)

[Chorus: K$upreme & Lil Yachty]
Oops, oops, ooh
Fuck a nigga bitch, I'm like, "Oops" (Oops)
Pass her to the gang, nigga, that's an alley-oop (Oop)
Ridin' 'round town in an all-white coupe (Yeah)
Gang of bad bitches blow a nigga like soup (Yeah)
You was buyin' Polos, I was buyin' coupes
Oops, oops, oops, oops

[Intro: Lil Yachty & Quavo]
(DJ Durel)
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, ayy, ayy

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty]
Ayy, I bang with the main man (Man)
Had the same gang since the playpen (Pen)
Neck crystal lake, no Jason (Jason)
I see more Ms than a Maison logo (Yeah)
Got a white bitch but I call her Coco (Yeah)
Tint so dark, hiding from the photo (Skrrt)
20 years old, I'm 12 Ms in
I'm fuckin' this ho from the west end (Yeah)
Add up them numbers, they packin' (Yeah)
Check so big, make you backspin (Yeah)
30 round clip, get your butt chin (Pew, pew)
Sleep with the chopper on the nightstand (Yeah)
Seats in the coupe, gettin' suntan (Yeah)
Stay with the stick like I'm Sandman (Yeah)

[Chorus: Quavo]
Fuck with the move (Movie), gang got the shoot (Woo)
15,000 (Yeah, yeah), just for some shoes (Cash)
Put it on a Sprinter (Sprinter), put it on a Lil Boat (Lil Boat)
This is not a rental (No), I own this ho (This ho, that way)
Yeah, look at these prices (Prices)
Look at this ice and the way I rock these jewels
Talk to me nice (Nices)
Talk to me nice, I'll pull up and I'll come through
Talk to me nice (Nice, woo)
Talk to me nice, I'll pull up and I'll come through
Talk to me nice (Nices)
Talk to me nice, I'll pull up and I'll come through

[Verse 2: Quavo]
(Huncho!) Niggas get shot (Shoot) at the alpha cloud (Cloud)
Pull up to the spot (Spot), kitchen flooded out (Flooded out)
Niggas love thots (Whoo), stir fry, cookin' pots (Stir fry)
More bowls than Bol Bol, huh, more bowls than a mosh (Bowl)
Fuck on a YRN logo (Smash), fuck nigga signed with the popos (12)
I could still go back to the hood (Hood), then step out and autograph photos (Photos)
Gelato, biscotti, biscotto (Biscotto)
Coupe too low, dodge potholes
That show girl on the low my ho, got eight rings on, no GEICO (GEICO)

[Chorus: Quavo]
Fuck with the move (Movie), gang got the shoot (Woo)
15,000 (Yeah, yeah), just for some shoes (Cash)
Put it on a sprinter (Sprinter), put it on a Lil Boat (Lil Boat)
This is not a rental (No), I own this ho (This ho, that way)
Yeah, look at these prices (Prices)
Look at this ice and the way I rock these jewels
Talk to me nice (Nices)
Talk to me nice, I'll pull up and I'll come through
Talk to me nice (Nice, woo)
Talk to me nice, I'll pull up and I'll come through
Talk to me nice (Nices)
Talk to me nice, I'll pull up and I'll come through

[Verse 3: Lil Yachty]
(Lil Boat) On God, I stay with the fire
Runnin' round town with the F on the tire
That boy a lil' weird, check his chest for the wire
These broke-ass rappers need words for hire
It's Yachty, bitch, can you tell me who's flyer? (Flyer?)
Read 'bout me, bitch, in the Esquire
QC, the label, the empire, young rich nigga, I inspire
And I need that, never ask no one for feedback
Got a bitch to set niggas up, shawty love settin' rat traps
Shawty love eatin' Rap Snacks, at the crib with a F&N
Got a .223 and it don't kick back, make a million, then I sit back (Gang)

[Chorus: Quavo]
Fuck with the move (Movie), gang got the shoot (Whoo)
15,000 (Yeah, yeah), just for some shoes (Cash)
Put it on a sprinter (Sprinter), put it on a Lil Boat (Lil Boat)
This is not a rental (No), I own this ho (That way)
Yeah, prices

[Intro: PnB Rock]
EarlOnTheBeat
30, you a fool for this one
Mhm, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, ayy

[Chorus: PnB Rock & Lil Yachty]
She said she wanna be my main bitch, ayy
She think she ready to be famous, ayy (Yeah)
She said she wanna be my wife, ayy (Yeah)
She think ready for this life, yeah, yeah
You really think you ready for this life? (Whoa)
I just wanna know if you gon' ride (Whoa)
I just wanna know if you gon' ride for me
Paparazzi taking pics, you on the side of me

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty]
Quick camera flash, brand new Hermès bag
Benz truck, ride it fast, don't you dare ever look back
I can change your life, gotta make sure that you right for me
Make your wildest dreams everyday reality
Ooh, everyday steak is for dinner, havin' good sex in a Sprinter
Your last nigga was a renter, well girl, I'm a buyer
Pirelli all on my tires, I'll tell your boss you quit if you not already fired
I love gettin' wires, counting up, counting up, count
All these Ms in my account, lift up the truck with a mount
Hittin' home runs like Jeter, 'bout to go cop me a brand new two-seater
I been knew that you was a eater, that's why I fuck with you
I feel like I'm stuck with you, I need you to come on through
Just pass this test or two

[Chorus: PnB Rock & Lil Yachty]
She said she wanna be my main bitch, ayy
She think she ready to be famous, ayy (Yeah)
She said she wanna be my wife, ayy (Yeah)
She think ready for this life, yeah, yeah
You really think you ready for this life? (Whoa)
I just wanna know if you gon' ride (Whoa)
I just wanna know if you gon' ride for me
Paparazzi taking pics, you on the side of me

[Verse 2: PnB Rock]
All these camera lights, shawty, welcome to the life
All these diamonds, all this ice, shawty, I could treat you right (Yeah)
You could be my main, introduce you to the fame (Fame)
Put you on a private plane, shawty, just don't ever change (Nah)
And we can go straight to the top (Yeah), we can be countin' this guap (Yeah)
And we can be takin' trips to different cities, just me and you all in a drop
I just got that new McLaren (Yeah), oh, that's that new Gucci you wearin' (Gucci)
Just got some new titties and matching new ass, that's why these niggas they starin'
And they mad 'cause you rollin' with me, you keep that pussy soakin' for me
And I don't really care what they try to say, 'cause you out in the open with me
When I usually keep it low-key
Girl, you're makin' it hard for me, girl, you look like a star with me

[Chorus: PnB Rock & Lil Yachty]
She said she wanna be my main bitch, ayy (Be my main)
She think she ready to be famous, ayy (Famous, yeah)
She said she wanna be my wife, ayy (Be my wife, yeah)
She think ready for this life, yeah, yeah (Is you ready for this life? Yeah)
You really think you ready for this life? (For this life, whoa)
I just wanna know if you gon' ride (Whoa, is you gon' ride?)
I just wanna know if you gon' ride for me (If you gon' ride)
Paparazzi taking pics, you on the side of me (You on the side of me, yeah)

[Intro]
30, you a fool for this one
Ear Drummers
Lil Boat
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty]
Burn his ass out like a skillet (Woo)
All that shit talking online gon' and kill it (Woo)
Throw them legs up and I promise I'll drill it (Woo)
Whip wasn't high enough, I told 'em lift it
Check wasn't high enough, I told 'em lift it (Woo)
Bought bro a Rollie 'cause my brother gifted
That pussy pretty but I still gotta sniff it
Whole team got chains on, I call that certificate (Uh, ooh)
Where your money lil' nigga?
Wearin' 10 chains don't make your diamonds bigger (No)
Look at my ring, that's a 80
Fuck up V Live when I'm bored wit' Lil Baby
Born in '97 my bitch from the '80s (Woo)
She drive a young nigga crazy

[Verse 2: Tee Grizzley]
I'm from Detroit between Evergreen and Southfield Road (We come up off the freeway)
Money long as 6 Mile, fuck nigga, but you know I'm so Joy Road (Joy Road)
Shit I seen in my hood made me the type to sneak into awards with my pole (Brra, brra)
Three million, I got that in cash, 400K, got that in gold (Got that in gold)
Crib came with a sauna (Crib came with the sauna)
Beam came on the MAC (Beam came on the bow!)
200 miles a hour (Skrr skrr), this a Hellcat not a Scat (Skrr skrr)
We ain't cosignin' no rats, talkin' to the cops only time these niggas state facts (Only time these niggas state facts)
Leave a nigga brains in his lap, he was driving, chopper put him in the back (Brra)

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
We the young niggas gettin' money, yeah
Everybody 'round us gettin' money, yeah
Niggas in the back, they gunnin', yeah
VVS diamonds so stunnin', yeah (Bling)
A bitch nigga mad, well, so? (So?, Yeah, ayy)
We the fuckin' get money bros (Get money)

[Verse 3: Lil Yachty]
Gotta get guap, gotta get it
Used to ride 'round baggin' hoes in a Civic
Now I pick and choose, I'm super specific
Shawty slurp nut like a Blueberry Mistic (Ew)
Uhh, watch where you steppin'
Bang what you bang, nigga, rep what you reppin'
Don't you dare ever dap me with yo' left hand
Respect my pimpin', I'm ballin' like I'm Pippen

[Verse 4: Tee Grizzley]
My Uber actin' so janky right now, bro come pick yo bitch up (My shit ain't workin')
You pull up on tip, I'ma headshot you, then gotta pick yo shit up (Boom, boom)
My diamonds so white, I was whippin' the dope, almost got it mixed up (Skrr skrr)
I shaved off my firin' pin, it was one shot, now it got the hiccups (B-Boom, boom, boom)

[Chrous: Lil Yachty]
We the young niggas gettin' money, yeah
Everybody 'round us gettin' money, yeah
Niggas in the back, they gunnin', yeah
VVS diamonds so stunnin', yeah
A bitch nigga mad, well, so? (Huh, yeah, ayy)
We the fuckin' get money bros

[Intro]
Hit 'em with the jab
Buddah Bless this beat

[Chorus]
Love me today, love me forever
Ride with me, bae, ridin' forever
Love me today, love me forever
Love me today, love me today
Love me today, love me forever
Ride with me, bae, ridin' forever
Love me today, love me today
Will you love me today? And love me forever

[Verse]
(Lil Boat)
What type of time you want? (Oh)
Make you fall in love by the time you gone
Ain't tryna play wit you, baby, I'm too grown (Grown)
Gettin' too much guap (Guap), put diamonds in your watch (Watch)
Baby girl, you look good in that halter top
Drop the top on the coupe and do donuts in the lot
Hold it down for me (Yeah)
Baby, watch my back, these niggas plottin' on me (Yeah)
Both of us are bosses, that's why you ride with me

[Chorus]
Love me today, love me forever
Ride with me, bae, ridin' forever
Love me today, love me forever
Love me today, love me today
Love me today, love me forever
Ride with me, bae, ridin' forever
Love me today, love me today
Will you love me today? And love me forever

[Intro]
Yeah, you ever looked at a nigga, like, who was just poppin', poppin' shit and you just knew he was, knew that nigga was broke?
Broke ass nigga

[Chorus]
Thas cap, talkin' online you get papped
My young nigga keep a strap, drive with a strap on his lap
Fuck postin' up in the trap
I'm finna cop me a island, yeah, and put myself on the map
Rich and it ain't 'cause of rap, yeah
Bitch I ain't rentin', I hop in a Bentley, it ain't got no ceilin'
You mad? Fuck ya feelings
Bitch I ain't rentin', I hop in a Bentley, it ain't got no ceilin'
You mad? Fuck ya feelings

[Verse 1]
All of my niggas be wildin' (Wildin')
Stay with the cannon, the gang wildin' out
Nigga don't talk about stylin'
I stay with the drip, put it all in her mouth
New coupe, it came with twin turbo
Sendin' 'em bullets like Tony Romo
Put that bitch on the syrup, it's slow-mo
Pullin' off with the gang in a four door (Skrt)
Check, check, check, check, check, check, check it out, uh
I'm with the static like radio, why do your pistol shoot vertical?

[Interlude]
Man, you niggas ain't shootin' at nobody man
You niggas shootin' in air man
All these niggas do is flodge, flake, and beef through texts
Man these niggas is hoes
Niggas ain't gettin' no goddamn money man
And thas cap, these niggas ain't, these niggas ain't gettin' no fuckin' money

[Chorus]
Thas cap, talkin' online you get papped
My young nigga keep a strap, drive with a strap on his lap
Fuck postin' up in the trap
I'm finna cop me a island, yeah, and put myself on the map
Rich and it ain't 'cause of rap, yeah
Bitch I ain't rentin', I hop in a Bentley, it ain't got no ceilin'
You mad? Fuck ya' feelings
Bitch I ain't rentin', I hop in a Bentley, it ain't got no ceilin'
You mad? Fuck ya' feelings

[Verse 2]
Okay, I'm tryna fuck a new bitch
I'm tryna make a new flip, hittin' home runs like Chip, huh
Yeah, fuck with a nigga (Fuck it)
Fuck with my money, we might have to cut us a nigga
Ain't no debatin' with none of y'all niggas
22 diamonds, that shine in the picture
Menthol, shorty blow dick like Newport (Newport)
Hundred thousand dollars in the Jansport (Jansport)
Stackin' money tall, make a camp fort
Fuck it

[Interlude]
Man, man you know the world would be a lot more truthful if you had to pay a lie man
These niggas be lyin' out they ass man
Just talkin' for no reason
Cappin' this, cappin' that, I don't understand that, you never capped on nothin'
I'm the youngest nigga, I mean everything I say, I do what I say you feel me?

[Chorus]
Thas cap, talkin' online you get papped
My young nigga keep a strap, drive with a strap on his lap
Fuck postin' up in the trap
I'm finna cop me a island, yeah, and put myself on the map
Rich and it ain't 'cause of rap, yeah
Bitch I ain't rentin', I hop in a Bentley, it ain't got no ceilin'
You mad? Fuck ya' feelings
Bitch I ain't rentin', I hop in a Bentley, it ain't got no ceilin'
You mad? Fuck ya' feelings

[Outro]
Hop in the Maybach, hop in the hop in the Maybach, yeah
Hop in the Maybach, hop in the hop in the Maybach, yeah skrt

[Intro: Lil Yachty]
Uh, yeah bitch
Digital Nas
Yeah, bitch
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty]
I'm in the hood like Mrs. Winners, uh
Basketball seats in a Beamer, uh
Pull up with sticks, pull up with clips, all on the hip, yeah, yeah
I turn a two to a six, yeah (Uh)
Servin' these stripper hoes dick, yeah
You sick of me, yeah, and I know it, huh (Yeah)
All of this money, I blow it, huh (Skrr)
All of these hoes, yeah they goin', huh (Uh)
All of my shooters they blowin' (Noom!)
Anyway, why you come over? You ain't goin', huh
You a whole thot, and I know this, huh (Yeah)
Beat him in the pot with the elbow, huh
Skrt out the lane with the new whip (Skrt)
Diamonds in the ear like a Q-tip, huh
Bitch give me top with them duck lips, uh (Yeah)
Your boyfriend, he scared of me (Yeah)
I'm geeked up off that amphetamine (Yeah)
Hairy pussy give me allergies (Yeah)
Bitch I don't shop at no Malleries (No)
I get my diamonds from Icebox, huh (Yeah)
Big Gucci link with the white rocks (Woo)
Just left Chicago like White Sox (Yeah), tryna get a bitch with some dreadlocks
I got a bitch sippin' Redrum (Damn), I don't even know where she came from (Nah)
I walk around with a AK (Damn), that lil' shit sound like a snare drum (Yeah)
DN, DN, DN, DN, DN

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, pop out, uh
Yeah, yeah, pop out, uh
Yeah, yeah, pop out, uh
Yeah, uh, pop out, uh
Yeah, yeah, pop out
Yeah, ha, pop out
Pop out, yeah, pop out
Yeah, yeah, what's up?
What's up with all of that fuck shit?
Yeah, what's up, what's up with all of that fuck shit?
Yeah, yeah, pop out
Pop out, pop out, pop out, pop out

[Verse 2: Jban$2Turnt]
JBan$, JBan$
Rock out (Woo, woo), I bring the guap out (I bring the what?)
I'm on the block with the Glock out (Doot doot doot)
I pop a perc, make her tap out (Yeah, yeah)
This is the modern day pop sound, ayy (Yeah)
Diamonds on lighthouse (Diamonds on lighthouse)
Glacier Boy still fuck with White Owl
Double my cup 'til I pass out, sippin' Act' now, uh
Ooh, treat the Maybach like a Honda, speedin' and swervin', might fall out (Skrr skrr skrr)
Lil Baby know I'm not average, I get the top, and I kick her out
Ooh, my diamonds on igloo, I need that junk for my mental (Yeah, yeah)
She pop that pussy, no pimple (Yeah, yeah)
Gucci my runners, I get loose
JBan$, JBan$, JBan$, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus: Lil Yachty]
Pop out, uh
Yeah, yeah, pop out, uh
Yeah, yeah, pop out, uh
Yeah, uh, pop out, uh
Yeah, yeah, pop out, huh
Yeah, ha, pop out
Pop out, huh, yeah, huh, pop out, huh
Yeah, yeah, what's up?
What's up with all of that fuck shit?
Yeah, huh, what's up, huh, what's up with all of that fuck shit?
Yeah, yeah, pop out, huh
Pop out, pop out
Pop out, yeah

[Intro: YoungBoy Never Broke Again & Lil Yachty]
Wop, skrt
Skrt, skrt
Wop, wop
Skrt skrt, skrt skrt
I don't know what you take me for ho
Lil Boat
Wop, wop
I ain't goin' for it
Wop

[Verse 1: YoungBoy Never Broke Again]
Young nigga, rich nigga, I'm a bad bitch getter
Fuck nigga, ho nigga, I don't fuck with broke niggas
Always held my own since I jumped up off the porch, nigga
You ain't know, now you know, nigga, Hi-Tech pour a four, nigga

[Verse 2: Lil Yachty]
Bitch run me my sack before I come in
80,000 dollars plus a jet on a backend
20 twin twins finna get plucked like a chicken
Brother locked up, he spent much time in the kitchen
We ain't really with none of that pretendin' and shit (Pretendin' and shit)
I got six Catholic hoes in here sinnin' and shit (Sinnin' and shit)
Pour that shit up, bust it down (Woo)
Bought a new crib, it got several amenities (Gang)
You gon' get shot like the Kennedys (Yeah)
Fuckin' with Lil Boat and YB (Doot, pew)

[Verse 3: YoungBoy Never Broke Again]
Carbine it sound like a dump truck (Trra)
Soon as I up, he gon' back up (Boom boom)
She wanna fuck, I'ma smash her (Smash)
He want a verse, I'ma tax him (I'ma tax him)
Say you want smoke, it ain't 'bout nothing
I know that nigga ain't 'bout nothing (He ain't 'bout it)
Bring out the boat when the flood coming
Strapped with a TEC when you pull up on me

[Verse 4: Lil Yachty]
I'm with the .38 baby, my neck see more water than the Navy (Gang)
I was finna fuck your bitch, my nigga then I got lazy (Ugh)
I saw your new watch, that shit cool but my shit crazy
Canary yellow diamonds in my mouth like I bit a daisy (Yeah)
I'm with Lil Baby yeah, keep a .380, yeah (Pew pew)
I'm with big Slime, yeah you know we goin' brazy, yeah (Slatt)

[Verse 5: YoungBoy Never Broke Again]
17 with four babies, yeah
Lotta money, know they hate me, yeah
One on four, they try to play me, yeah
Shoot his ass right up in here (Pew pew, pew pew)
Diamonds, they shine like a headlight (Shine)
I keep that lil' bitch if her head right
I'ma lay up and fuck on her every night (Every night)
When I'm leavin' I'm headin' straight to the flight (No)
Got a tiger but no I'm not Mike Tyson (Mike Tyson)
Scuff in the club like Fight Night (Fight Night)
I make that lil' ho act right (Act right)
I tell that bitch fuck up my sack right (Bitch)

[Verse 6: Lil Yachty & YoungBoy Never Broke Again]
Put that lil' bitch on a Spirit flight (Gang)
Return her next to me one night (Nyoom)
We running and ducking from squad lights (Woo)
I got 32 shots in the gun fight
These niggas sweet like a honey bun (Sweet)
Don't worry 'bout where my money from
At the crib, on the couch, we got huntin' guns (Doot)
Dissect his hand from his other arm (Doot, doot, doot)
Young nigga, rich nigga, I'm a big bag getter (Woo)
Bitch nigga, snitch nigga, never met a real nigga (Bitch)
Never had six figures, my bitch do tricks nigga
I go by Lil Boat and I'm coolin' with some real hittas (Gang)
Whip on the wrist, that's a brick on the fist, nigga
No light needed for this chain, it's gon' glist nigga (Yeah)
VS, one stone, that shit not far from flawless
Fuck a pretty bitch, nigga, my money gorgeous, bitch (Lil Boat)

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
Ridin' real deep, pussy nigga, and I'm too good
AK, no carbon fiber, bitch real wood
Know some young niggas, turned rich and is still hood
Hop out the whip, get a glimpse of my new bitch
White X6 M with a boost kit
Playin' wit the guap, that'll get your ends split
Used to be broke, eatin' jelly sandwich with the crust cut off
Pump with the sawed-off

[Chorus]
Niggas around me go commando, yeah
Boat and two hoes in a Lambo, yeah (Uh!)
Paint on the face like Rambo, yeah
Tell me a place that I can't go, yeah
Bitch tell your friend, "Step it up" (Woo)
Ain't no raw, bitch, we gon' wrap it up (No)
Pole game, tryna run it up (Yeah)
Lock safe like a Brink's truck (Huh)
Fuck wit me, fuck wit me, fuck wit me, yeah
Yo bitch, she just wanna fuck on me, (Woo)
Clip on the hip like it's stuck on me, yeah
It could get ugly, yeah (Ooh)
Ridin' 'round town, drop top wit your sister
Make her suck dick 'til her lip get a blister
Send her back home so your bitch ass could kiss her
Young nigga ball like a Sixer (Bitch)

[Verse 2]
Young ass nigga, I don't even drink liquor
I don't even pull up to the mixer (Nah)
I don't even want to fuck the Vixen (Huh)
I do, but I know she gon' tell (Huh)
Hit from the back, her chain hit the headboard (Ding)
It sound like a bell (Bitch)
Pussy nigga I repel, real niggas don't take Ls
Hop in the Bentley, the Maybach, the G-Wagon, nigga whatever (Yeah)
Glockety tucked in the sweater, Osiris gon' pop it wherever (Yeah)
Pellz gon' pop it wherever, Lil Baby gon' pop it wherever
Stay out the mix, stay wit a bitch in the whip (Skrr)
Hellcat hit a flip (Skrr), up it up wit' a chip (Skrr skrr)
Bitch nigga don't you send for me (Nah) unless the check got an M for me (Yeah)
Write it out to my industry (Yeah), the bitch lace front incomplete
These niggas loco, hang wit the cops, you McFogell
Bitch nigga I am a mogul

[Chorus]
Niggas around me go commando, yeah
Boat and two hoes in a Lambo, yeah (Uh!)
Paint on the face like Rambo, yeah
Tell me a place that I can't go, yeah
Bitch tell your friend, "Step it up" (Woo)
Ain't no raw, bitch, we gon' wrap it up (No)
Pole game, tryna run it up (Yeah)
Lock safe like a Brink's truck (Huh)
Fuck wit me, fuck wit me, fuck wit me, yeah
Yo bitch, she just wanna fuck on me, (Woo)
Clip on the hip like it's stuck on me, yeah
It could get ugly, yeah (Ooh)
Ridin' 'round town, drop top wit your sister
Make her suck dick 'til her lip get a blister
Send her back home so your bitch ass could kiss her
Young nigga ball like a Sixer (Bitch)

[Outro]
Run it up
Pussy
Yeah
Woo!

[Verse 1]
And you hate when I do this shit, skate with extended clips
House got too many whips, let that ho get something fierce
30, you a fool for this one
I might ice my AK out, I might ice my steerin' wheel
Give that bitch the dick, dickin' in it like a power drill
I might cop a crib where the back got a Ferris wheel

[Chorus]
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Yeah, you look just like a fuckboy
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy

[Verse 2]
Bitch, yeah you stay up on my nuts, boy
Get your guap right, get your mind right
Denim Japanese, waist fits super tight
Fuck that bitch, Netflix and chill, let me crack like a seal
I got niggas servin' deals, to my niggas that shit real
404 'til I'm killed, give a fuck 'bout how you feel, huh
My bitch love it, my bitch love poppin' pills
Why? 'Cause it makes her geek for real
Lil Boat

[Chorus]
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Yeah, you look just like a fuckboy (uhh)
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy

[Verse 3]
Get her done, get her done, get her done
I was buyin' diamond, you was waitin' for tax refunds
Lame nigga, shame nigga, anything for fame nigga
One diamond chain nigga, hate me 'cause my name bigger
Yeah, diamond rings too insane nigga
R.I.P. to Kurt Cobain nigga
1993 I bring that pain nigga

[Chorus]
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Yeah, you look just like a fuckboy (uhh)
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy
Flex for the fuckboys, hate 'cause you suck boy

[Intro]
Whole lotta hunnids (Ooh)
Too many bands, I can't thumb it (Ooh)
Whole lotta hunnids (Ooh)
Too many bands, I can't thumb it (Ooh)
Whole lotta hunnids (Ooh)
Too many bands, I can't thumb it (Ooh)

[Verse 1]
Watch how I thumb it (Yeah), choppa, it came with a drum kit (Ooh)
I hit the jaw for the kicks (Uh), I fucked a bitch in the back (Yuh)
I got a six and a two (What), I got a 12 and a eight, ooh, how that taste?
Baby (Fuck it up, fuck it up), eat it up, huh
Upgrade the whip, had to lift it up (Huh)
Brother locked up, he would whip it up (Huh)
Whip it, whip it, whip it up (Whip)
Got a choppa in the kitchen, hundred bitches, they all with it
And I ball like I'm Pippen, don't fall when you're sippin'
Never see me limpin', used to ride 'round in the Lincoln
Beat on that pussy, it's leakin' (Uh), hit it one time, now she geekin' (Uh)
Baby you trippin', start tweakin' (Uh), you know we fuck on the weekend (Skrr)

[Chorus]
I got a crib at the top (Top)
Brother, he stay on the block (What)
Brother, he sip on the wock (What)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
Whole lotta, whole lotta, whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
Used to have work in the socks (Socks)
I'm talkin' pieces that hit (Yeah)
Bro got the stickies, bro got the bullets that hit
Bullets, they hit, all of my diamonds, they hit (My diamonds)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
Whole lotta, whole lotta, whole lotta guap (Guap)

[Verse 2]
Ayy, yuh
Free my bro Reese out the slammer (Slammer)
Bitch watch him walk with the hammer (Yuh), dressin' like I seen a camera (Yuh)
Everyday Christmas, everyday Christmas, baby girl, tell me your wishlist
Fuckin' a bitch, oh that's your thot, damn, now she a mistress
I'm in the basement like Tigger (Ayy), this lil' white bitch call me nigga
Long as she don't call me broke, dick in her throat 'til she choke (Ooh)
Me and the gang make it rain (Yuh), tell me, lil' bitch can you float? (Float)
Walk in the club with the scope, diamond chains, fuck ropes
Ayy, whole lotta guap (Guap), I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
Fuck that lil' bitch out her socks, teachin' a stripper 'bout stocks
Stalk, stalk, stalk, stalk, all of these bitches, they stalk
Watch how a young nigga walk (Huh), I put the Bentley in park

[Chorus]
I got a crib at the top (Top)
Brother, he stay on the block (What)
Brother, he sip on the wock (What)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
Whole lotta, whole lotta, whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
Used to have work in the sock
I'm talkin' pieces that hit (Yeah)
Bro got the stickies, bro got the bullets that hit
Bullets, they hit, all of my diamonds, they hit
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
I get a whole lotta guap (Guap)
Whole lotta, whole lotta, whole lotta guap (Guap)

[Intro]
Girls, we run this mutha (Yeah!)
Girls, we run this mutha (Yeah!)
Girls, we run this mutha (Yeah!)
Girls, we run this mutha (Yeah!)
Girls, we run this mutha (Yeah!)
Girls, we run this mutha (Yeah!)
Girls, we run this mutha (Yeah!)
Girls

[Chorus]
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world?

[Verse 1]
Some of them men think they freak this
Like we do, but no they don't
Make your check, come at they neck
Disrespect us, no they won't
Boy, don't even try to touch this (Touch this)
Boy, this beat is crazy (Crazy)
This is how they made me (Made me)
Houston, Texas, baby
This goes out to all my girls
That's in the club rocking the latest
Who will buy it for themselves and get more money later
I think I need a barber
None of these niggas can fade me
I'm so good with this, I remind you, I'm so hood with this
Boy, I'm just playing, come here, baby
Hope you still like me, F-U, pay me

[Pre-Chorus]
My persuasion can build a nation
Endless power, with our love we can devour
You'll do anything for me

[Chorus]
Who run the world? Girls! Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!

[Verse 2]
It's hot up in here
DJ don't be scared to run this, run this back
I'm repping for the girls who taking over the world
Help me raise a glass for the college grads
41' Rollie to let you know what time it is, check
You can't hold me (You can't hold me)
I work my nine to give and I cut my check
This goes out to all the women getting it in
Get on your grind
To the other men that respect what I do
Please accept my shine
Boy, I know you love it
How we're smart enough to make these millions
Strong enough to bear the children (Children)
Then get back to business
See, you better not play me (Me)
Don't come here, baby
Hope you still like me
F-U, pay me

[Pre-Chorus]
My persuasion can build a nation
Endless power, with our love we can devour
You'll do anything for me

[Chorus]
Who run the world? Girls! Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Girls! Girls! Girls!

[Outro]
Who are we? What we run? The world
(Who run this mutha? Yeah!)
Who are we? What we run? The world
(Who run this mutha? Yeah!)
Who are we? What do we run? We run the world
(Who run this mutha? Yeah!)
Who are we? What we run? We run the world

[Chorus]
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world?
Who run the world? Girls! Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run the world? Girls!
Who run this mutha? Girls!
Girls! Girls! Girls!

[Intro: Cardi B, T-Pain & 21 Savage]
Bardi in a 'Rari, (ooh) diamonds all over my body, (ohh)
(30, you a fool for this one)
Shinin' all over my body
Bardi, put that lil' bitch on molly, Bardi
Pizzle
Bitch on Molly (Cheeze)
Ooh
21, diamonds all over (ooh) my body
Fucked that bitch on molly (Ooh) (KSR)
Ask him if I'm 'bout it
Yeah, yeah

[Chorus: T-Pain]
I pull up in the party in a 'Rari
Hoppin' out a 'Rari with your shawty
My other bitch pull up on a Harley
My other bitch smokin' on Marley
Fuck a bitch, sorry, not sorry
Bitch, you know Pain, I'm game
That's in the game, now I'm chained
Fuck all the fame
Blow out the brains on game
I drop the house on the chains
Still got my feet up on planes
The rims on the Chevy got a offset
Shoutout to the young boy, Offset
Ain't no more hatin', we been off that
Lil niggas gotta crawl, can't walk yet
Still on my dick like a nutsack
Still, make a bitch push her butt back
Still makin' deals on WhatsApp
Still, in the field, nigga, bust back

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
Who told niggas they not ready? (Teddy)
Who put them thangs on that Chevy? (Teddy)
Who got your bitch in the Wisconsin mansion
And eatin' chicken wings off my belly? (Teddy)
Who put that dick on her forehead? (Teddy)
Who she be beggin' for more head? (Teddy)
I hit that shit from the back
Now she lookin' back at a nigga like, go ahead, Teddy
Ooh, your baby, I be crushin' it (oh)
Ooh, your baby, she be lovin' it (oh)
I tell her go fuck with them other niggas
Have 'em wonderin' where all they 100s went
I put that shit in my wallet, bitch
My Gucci gon' fuck round and swallow it
We do it again and again, nigga, I ain't got no friends
I just tell these niggas that it's politics

[Chorus: T-Pain]
I pull up in the party in a 'Rari
Hoppin' out a 'Rari with your shawty
My other bitch pull up on a Harley
My other bitch smokin' on Marley
Fuck a bitch, sorry, not sorry
Bitch, you know Pain, I'm game
That's in the game, now I'm chained
Fuck all the fame
Blow out the brains on game
I drop the house on the chains
Still got my feet up on planes
The rims on the Chevy got a offset
Shoutout to the young boy, Offset
Ain't no more hatin', we been off that
Lil niggas gotta crawl, can't walk yet
Still on my dick like a nutsack
Still, make a bitch push her butt back
Still makin' deals on WhatsApp
Still, in the field, nigga, bust back

[Verse 2: Cardi B]
Who get this motherfucker started? (Cardi)
Who took your bitch out to party? (Cardi)
I took your bitch and departed (Cardi)
Who that be fly as a Martian? (Cardi)
Who that on fleek in the cut? (Cardi)
Who got the bricks in the truck? (Cardi)
Them diamonds gon' hit like a bitch on a bitchy ass bitch
Bitch, you a wannabe Cardi
Red bottom MJ
Moonwalk on a bitch, moonwalkin' through your clique
I'm moonwalkin' in the 6
Sticky with the kick, moonrocks in this bitch
I'm from the motherfuckin' Bronx (Bronx)
I keep the pump in the trunk (trunk)
Bitch, if you bad then jump (jump)
Might leave your bitch in a slump (your back)

[Chorus: Cardi B & 21 Savage]
Your bitch wanna party with Cardi
Cartier Bardi in a 'Rari (21)
Diamonds all over my body (Cardi)
Shinin' all over my body (my body)
Cardi got your bitch on Molly
Bitch, you ain't gang, you lame
Bentley truck lane to lane, blow out the brain (21)
I go insane, insane
I drop a check on the chain, fuck up a check in the plane
Cardi took your man, you upset, uh
Cardi got rich, they upset, yeah (from what?)
Cardi put the pussy on Offset (say what?)
Cartier, Cardi B brain on Offset (21)
Cardi took your man, you upset, uh
Cardi got rich, they upset, yeah (21)
Cardi put the pussy on Offset (Cardi)
Cartier, Cardi B brain on Offset

[Verse 3: 21 Savage]
Your bitch wanna party with a Savage (21)
Saint Laurent Savage in an Aston (yeah)
High-end cars and fashion (21)
I don't eat pussy, I'm fastin' (on God)
I'm a Blood, my brother Crippin'
Bitch, I'm drippin', ho, you trippin'
Told the waitress, I ain't tippin'
I like hot sauce on my chicken (on God)
I pulled the rubber off and I put hot sauce on her titties (21)
I'm in a Bentley truck, she keep on suckin' like it's tinted (21)
All these VVSs, nigga, my sperm worth millions (on God)
The bitch so bad, I popped a Molly 'fore I hit it (21, 21)

[Chorus: Cardi B & 21 Savage]
Your bitch wanna party with Cardi
Cartier Bardi in a 'Rari (21)
Diamonds all over my body (Cardi)
Shinin' all over my body (my body)
Cardi got your bitch on Molly
Bitch, you ain't gang, you lame
Bentley truck lane to lane, blow out the brain (21)
I go insane, insane
I drop a check on the chain, fuck up a check in the plane
Cardi took your man, you upset, uh
Cardi got rich, they upset, yeah (from what?)
Cardi put the pussy on Offset (say what?)
Cartier, Cardi B brain on Offset (21)
Cardi took your man, you upset, uh
Cardi got rich, they upset, yeah (21)
Cardi put the pussy on Offset (Cardi)
Cartier, Cardi B brain on Offset

[Verse 4: Cardi B]
Step in this bitch in Givenchy (cash)
Fuck up a check in Givenchy (cash)
Boss out the coupe and them inches
I fuck up a bag at the Fendi, I fuck up a bag in a minute
Who you know drip like this?
Who you know built like this?
I'm poppin' shit like a dude
Pull up to pop at your crew, brrrt, poppin' at you (woo)
They say you basic, I flooded the Rollie with diamonds
I flooded the Patek and bracelet
I got your bitch and she naked
Ice on the cake when I bake it
I'm switchin' lanes in the Range
Swap out the dick for the brain
Swap out your bitch for your main
Swap out the trap for the fame
Ice on them, Cardi B, Cartier frames, bitch

[Chorus: Cardi B & 21 Savage]
Your bitch wanna party with Cardi
Cartier Bardi in a 'Rari (21)
Diamonds all over my body (Cardi)
Shinin' all over my body (my body)
Cardi got your bitch on Molly
Bitch, you ain't gang, you lame
Bentley truck lane to lane, blow out the brain (21)
I go insane, insane
I drop a check on the chain, fuck up a check in the plane
Cardi took your man, you upset, uh
Cardi got rich, they upset, yeah (from what?)
Cardi put the pussy on Offset (say what?)
Cartier, Cardi B brain on Offset (21)
Cardi took your man, you upset, uh
Cardi got rich, they upset, yeah (21)
Cardi put the pussy on Offset (Cardi)
Cartier, Cardi B brain on Offset (who's Cardi?)

[Verse 1]
We stayed up all night watching the comedy show
That aged whiskey and hydro
Good Lord, what a nice conversation
I'm too floored to get anywhere safely
You know I talk about you highly
I'm fascinated for the time being
We can laugh until the morning
Or we can dance in the hallway

[Pre-Chorus]
Only one more night in Los Angeles
I really thought that I can handle it
But the funny thing is, I was holding back tears
I didn't think this day would happen
I'd give all this up for a chance at it
You would have thought I'd be the man for this
But the funny thing is, we can never stay here
I didn't think this day could happen

[Chorus]
But I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over

[Breakdown]
I'ma ride, I'ma ride
Ride, I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride, I'ma ride
I'ma ride, I'ma ride

[Verse 2]
And don't all this new music sound the same?
Yeah, we must be getting old and grey
We left early, girl, that band was shhh anyway
We went home and left our clothes up in the living space, ayy
Would you stay if your heart had the power?
Would you run and find another life to imitate?
It's important that we make the best of short time
You could never be my one and only, anyway
Say, can't a young man dream?
Can't we all live the life on a widescreen?
What's the point? Yeah
Yeah, we had fun, if only for the time being

[Chorus]
But I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over

[Breakdown]
I'ma ride, I'ma ride
Ride, I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride, I'ma ride
I'ma ride, I'ma ride

[Chorus]
I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride it 'til it's over

[Breakdown]
I'ma ride, I'ma ride
Ride, I'ma ride it 'til it's over
I'ma ride, I'ma ride
I'ma ride, I'ma ride
Mother, mother
There's too many of you crying
Brother, brother, brother
There's far too many of you dying
You know we've got to find a way
To bring some loving here today - Ya

[Verse 1]
Father, father
We don't need to escalate
You see, war is not the answer
For only love can conquer hate
You know we've got to find a way
To bring some loving here today

[Chorus]
Picket lines and picket signs
Don't punish me with brutality
Talk to me, so you can see
Oh, what's going on
What's going on
Ya, what's going on
Ah, what's going on

[Bridge]
In the mean time
Right on, baby
Right on
Right on

[Verse 2]
Mother, Mother everybody thinks we're wrong
Oh, but who are they to judge us
Simply because our hair is long
Oh, you know we've got to find a way
To bring some understanding here today
Oh

[Chorus]
Picket lines and picket signs
Don't punish me with brutality
Talk to me
So you can see
What's going on
Ya, what's going on
Tell me what's going on
I'll tell you what's going on - Uh
Right on baby
Right on baby

[humming]
Yo, little ma witch in a hole in my vibe, me pause in a magical world miralizing mo’, come on!
They hope the dog made mo’ magic blood, London man go inside you, ah!
Jungle by jungle, jumping on to beat em’ up, come to ring and sing in ma sign mo’
Pop pop, judging the fucking greed mo, that’s what the oath is speaking of, ah!
Ellen pools who’ll floating catchin’ more, URG, no, I’ll speakin’ and catchin’ more
In green days girls want me scatchin’ more, red pool’s girls yo scatchin’ more, ah!
Which boy is off the crew? Which of ‘em’s common and respects you?
Hold ‘em boy, mus’ i-ah-oh lemme’ decapite a boy turntable a knife
Which boy is off the “click-click”, if a boy could decide my gal-gal fixed kick-kick
Hold ‘em boy-boy, fixed kick-kick, URG URG URG URG…
Where should know but hand clapper
Oh lord!
Chewing on down just saw me yelled down
Oh lord!
Chew myself up now I'm a hand clapper
Oh lord!
Blowing onto your headphone you won’t let me
Oh lord!
Make shoot myself in I'm a hand clapper
Oh lord!
I'll wrap myself onto my hand clapper
Oh lord!
Shoot and kill that dumb bitch who left me
Oh lord!
Where she 

[..] cus’ I’m a hand clapper
Oh lord!
Awesome!

Woooo!
Yaaay!
Woooo!
Yaaay!
Where should know but hand clapper
Oh lord!
Chewing downtown just saw me yelled down
Oh lord!
Chew myself up now I'm a hand clapper
Oh lord!
Blowing onto your headphone you won’t let me
Oh lord!
Make shoot myself in I'm a hand clapper
Oh lord!
I'll wrap myself onto my hand clapper
Oh lord!
Shoot and kill that dumb bitch who left me
Oh lord!
Where she 

[..] cus’ I’m a hand clapper
Oh lord!
Awesome!

Woooo!
Yaaay!
Woooo!
Yaaay!
Imagine there's no heaven
It's easy if you try
No hell below us
Above us only sky
Imagine all the people living for today

Imagine there's no countries
It isn't hard to do
Nothing to kill or die for
And no religion too
Imagine all the people living life in peace

You may say I'm a dreamer
But I'm not the only one
I hope some day you'll join us
And the world will live as one

Can you imagine?
Oh, maybe we should love somebody
Oh, maybe we could care a little more
So maybe we could love somebody
Instead of polishing the bombs of holy war
Can you imagine?

[Hook]
Smashin you draw, my wrist in the water like its on the bowl
Hop out the Rari, I never say sorry, my necklace on froze
Do not step to close to my chain, you might catch a cold
I just made it rain, 30 thousand on the floor
I just walked up in the party
Red bottoms and balenciagas on my joggers
Drippin' on the red carpet
When they see me and they lose control
Hop in the Rari, I rode
In the trap turn on the stove
Kinda go 50, drive through the city
All of my diamonds so cold

[Verse]
Kinda go 50, i drive through the city
I feel like Im Diddy, I slide with the CD
I jump out the Bentley and count up a milli
I just be drippin, and ran of a ticket
I just be walkin, the sauce on me drippin'
I just walk in and i bought a million
Sippin' on lean, it's all on my kidney
No court nigga, im havin' a million
Pick up the truck, it came from Italy
I struck the Bentley truck through the trenches
Spray the jacuzzi and I shoot like im Pimpy
I can't really wait to make a billion
Catch me coolin' in the club with your bitch
55 thousand of ice on my wrist
Walk in the club, a young nigga drip
All on the table, I sit in the VIP
I'm a boss nigga, I trap at the mansion
VVS Diamonds, they on me they dancin'
Pull up in Casper, Hop out the Phantom
I take an 8 and pour it in my Fanta
Bentley truck, ride now slide through Atlanta
Hit the pot with an arm and a hammer

[Hook]
Smashin you draw, my wrist in the water like its on the bowl
Hop out the Rari, I never say sorry, my necklace on froze
Do not step to close to my chain, you might catch a cold
I just made it rain, 30 thousand on the floor
I just walked up in the party
Red bottoms and balenciagas on my joggers
Drippin' on the red carpet
When they see me and they lose control
Hop in the Rari, I rode
In the trap turn on the stove
Kinda go 50, drive through the city
All of my diamonds so cold

[Intro: Mark E. Smith]
Where's North from here?

[Morse code for Plastic Beach]

[Interlude: Mark E. Smith]
It was
The glitter freeze
Doctor F
Tell 'em boss
Listen
You would not credit
This
Sinking ship

[Verse 1: 2-D]
Let me or my love go
He comes to browse our souls (Cha)
Completely alone

[Interlude: Mark E. Smith]
You wouldn't credit
Or believe this
Aha ha ha
Scrub out the decks and the 

[?]
Scrub out the decks and the 

[?]

[Verse 2: 2-D & Mark E. Smith]
Oh, joyous are us Jerusalem calls
Let me or my love go (It's a big wave)
Here comes the wind and rain (Cha)
To swallow us up

[Interlude: Mark E. Smith]
You wouldn't credit
Or believe this
Take that, Doctor F
Flyin' out with Force

[Outro: Mark E. Smith]
Ship and firm

[HOST 1, spoken]
Congratulations to all of the 90th Academy Award Nominees

[HOST 2, spoken]
I love these movies
But they never seem to choose the blockbusters, do they?

[HOST 1, spoken]
They sure don't
I guess they'll just have to settle for all that money, huh?

[THOR]
Why not me?
Do I not deserve a nomination?
The reviews were raves to be sure
"Fun for the whole family
Look no farther than Thor"

[WONDER WOMAN]
Why not me?
I left my family to fight for what's right
Saved the world from the devil below
But I'm sure it was hard for
Sir Daniel Day-Lewis to learn how to sew

[THOR & WONDER WOMAN]
Why not me?

[THOR]
I battled Cate Blanchett

[THOR & WONDER WOMAN]
Why not me?

[WONDER WOMAN]
I hid a sword in my dress

[THOR & WONDER WOMAN]
We both faced death it's true
But at least Lady Bird got into NYU...

[PENNYWISE]
Why not me?
In All The Money in the World
They kidnapped one kid
And they got a nomination
I killed hundreds
I guess that's what you get
When you're not
"Classically handsome"
Oscars so white
But I guess not for me
I need to raise my quote
So I can finally fix my teeth
Horror movies always get the shaft

[TIFFANY HADDISH, spoken]
Hey... let me do one!

(sung)
I peed while hanging from a zip-line
Meryl Streep has never done that

[THE 4 CHRISES]
We'd like to petition for
A new category:
"Best Chris"
Or you could just write "Chris"
On an Oscar
And we can share it
Trade off on weekends

[EVANS]
Roll call!

[HEMSWORTH]
Hemsworth!

[PRATT]
Pratt!

[EVANS]
Evans!

[PINE]
Pine!

[CHRIS ROCK]
Rock!

(sung)
What? It's us! The Chrises!

[THE 5 CHRISES]
Go Chris!

[MICHAEL FASSBENDER]
And why not The Snowman?
It was a box office smash

(spoken)
What's that? It wasn't?

(sung)
Well Oscars doesn't care
Since it was critically acclaimed

(spoken)
7% positive? Are you serious?

(sung)
Well I thought it was a neat idea

[AQUAMAN]
In The Shape of Water
I heard that a lady boned a fish man
But if you're gonna bone a fish man
Why not bone a fish like this man?

[DOMINIC TORETTO]
And what even is art?
How do you define its importance?
If popcorn movies are bad
How come popcorn's so delicious?
And when I blow up 6 cars
How is that worse than Schindler's List is?

[ALL]
Why not me?

[THOR & WONDER WOMAN]
We saved the world

[ALL]
Why not me?

[DOMINIC TORETTO]
I am Toretto

[ALL]
Why not me?

[AQUAMAN]
I heard a lady boned a fish man

[ALL]
Why not me?

[MICHAEL FASSBENDER]
The Snowman was underrated!

[ALL]
Why not me?

[THE 5 CHRISES]
We'd like to petition for
A new category:
"Best Chris"

[PENNYWISE]
I have terrible teeth

[ALL]
Why not me?

[THOR]
I got a cool new haircut

[ALL]
Why not me?

[BABY GROOT]
I am Groot

[ALL]
Why not us?
poem with too many complex rhymes. it's kind of a shit poem

Skate shoes and scape goats
Bearded mean with shaved throats
I walk around with the same hope that my mother does
She gave it to me
Nose rings and old things
My uncle Joe sat in the cold and slowly sold things
One by one
The sun isn't welcome here
At least it seems that way
Or perhaps an old transgression made by this part of the Earth made the sun uninterested in spending much time here
Shining only enough each year to remind us what we're missing
You can't eat a poem and dharma can make for a marvellous excuse
Here I am again, alone in the city
pete = me/you

Pete searches for purpose in every loss and every win
He comes up with nothing and starts all over again
Pete searches for meaning in every right and every wrong
He forgets to look inside of himself, where it's been hiding all along
who am i to say?

I'm not a huge fan of people
Perhaps I lost my way
Strangers call me lifted, my mother says I'm gifted
Who am I to say?

I called my old phone number
Mom says the sky's still grey
And she wants to know when I'm coming home
Who am I to say?

People love to ask me questions
Like, what am I up to these days?
Will I make more songs, whats taking to long?
Who am I to say?

[Chorus]
My boy, my boy, my boy
Don't love me like he promised
My boy, my boy, my boy
He ain't a man and sure as hell ain't honest

[Post-Chorus]
My—
My—
My—
My—
My—
My—
My—

[Verse 2]
My boy's being sus and he don't know how to cuss
He just sounds like he's tryna be his father (Who are you?)
My boy's an ugly crier but he's such a pretty liar
And by that, I mean he said he'd "change"

[Chorus]
My boy, my boy, my boy
Don't love me like he promised
My boy, my boy, my boy
He ain't a man and sure as hell ain't honest

[Post-Chorus]
My boy, my, my boy (my friends), my boy
My boy, my, my boy (my friends), my boy
My boy, my, my boy, my, my—
T-R-O-Y-B-O-I

[Breakdown]
My—
My—
My—
My—
My—
My—
(Alright dude, go trip over a knife)
My boy
My boy
(Alright dude, go trip over a knife)

[Chorus]
My boy, my boy, my boy
Don't love me like he promised
My boy, my boy, my boy
He ain't a man and sure as hell ain't honest

[Verse 3]
You want me to be yours? Well then, you gotta be mine
And if you want a good girl, then goodbye
You want me to be yours? Well then, you gotta be mine
And if you want a good girl, then goodbye

[Breakdown]
My—
My—
My—
My—
My—
My— (Love, love, love, love, love, love)
My—
B-O-I
(Verse 1)
You & I
We are the same we win and lose in the game of life...
You & I
We seek the truth looking for the signs in the universe...

In this journey... We are companions struglings through life towards our
Way...

Chours

Why should a mother cry...
Why should a wife see her husband die...
Oooh tell me why do we have to fight...
Why don't we try just you and I...
Ooh why don't we try...

(Verse 2)
You & I
We love our land protect our home against any harm...
You & I
Dream of a day when everybody will live in peace...
In this journey... We are companions struglings through life towards our
Way...
Chours

Why should a mother cry...
Why should a wife see her husband die...
Oooh tell me why do we have to fight...
Why don't we try just you and I...
Ooh why don't we try...

(Verse 3)
Throughout history so many senseless wars
Yet we never learn, we're building borders around us
But we still have a chance to heal our wounded world
Let's get rid of hatred and see each other as we really are
Before it's to late, who knows what tomorrow may bring
But without justice there's no way that peace can exist

Chours

Why should a mother cry...
Why should a wife see her husband die...
Oooh tell me why do we have to fight...
Why don't we try just you and I...

Ooh can you tell me why should a mother cry...
Why should a wife see her husband die...
Ooooh tell me why do we have to fight...
Why don't we try just you and I...
Ooh can you tell me why should a mother cry...
Why should a wife see her husband die...
Ooooh tell me why do we have to fight...
Why don't we try just you and I...
Why don't we try...

[Verse 1]
You've got a fast car
I want a ticket to anywhere
Maybe we can make a deal
Maybe together we can get somewhere
Anyplace is better
Starting from zero got nothing to lose
Maybe we'll make something
Me myself I've got nothing to prove

[Verse 2]
You've got a fast car
I've got a plan to get us outta here
I've been working at the convenience store
Managed to save just a little bit of money
We won't have to drive too far
Just across the border and into the city
You and I can both get jobs
Finally see what it means to be living

[Verse 3]
See my old man's got a problem
He lives with a bottle that's the way it is
Says his body's too old for working
His body's too young to look like his
My momma went off and left him
She wanted more from life than he could give
Said somebody's gotta take care of him
So I quit school and that's what I did

[Pre-Chorus]
You've got a fast car
Is it fast enough so we can fly away?
We've gotta make a decision
Leave tonight or live and die this way

[Chorus]
So I remember when we were driving
Driving in your car
Speed so fast felt like I was drunk
City lights lay out before us
And your arms felt nice wrapped around my shoulders and
I-I had a feeling that I belonged
And I-I had a feeling I could be someone, be someone, be someone

[Verse 4]
You got a fast car
We go cruising to entertain ourselves
You still ain't got a job
I work in a market as a checkout girl
I know things will get better
You'll find work and I'll get promoted
We'll move out of the shelter
Buy a bigger house and live in the suburbs

[Chorus]
So I remember when we were driving
Driving in your car
Speed so fast felt like I was drunk
City lights lay out before us
And your arms felt nice wrapped around my shoulders and
I-I had a feeling that I belonged
And I-I had a feeling I could be someone, be someone, be someone

[Verse 5]
You've got a fast car
I've got a job that pays all our bills
You stay out drinking late at the bars
See more your friends than you do your kids
I always hoped for better
That maybe together you and me would find it
I got no plans I ain't going nowhere
So take your fast car and keep on driving

[Chorus]
So remember when we were driving
Driving in your car
Speed so fast felt like I was drunk
City lights lay out before us
And your arms felt nice wrapped around my shoulders and
I-I had a feeling that I belonged
And I-I had a feeling I could be someone, be someone, be someone

[Outro]
You've got a fast car
Is it fast enough so you can fly away?
You've gotta make a decision
Leave tonight or live and die this way
This way, yeah-eah-eah-eah, -eah
Mmmm

[Chorus]
Ridin' 'round thinkin' 'bout you
Thinkin' 'bout what I might do
Don't know what got into me
Probably 'cause you keep sendin' me
Them late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Keep sendin' them late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages

[Verse 1]
You always talkin' 'bout you know your worth
You through with searchin' 'round, you know what you deserve
He put you through some wild shit, that ain't me
You know what I'm about, you get just what you see
Ain't got no time for discussion, tryna get into something
Shawty hittin' my phone saying she need it, she want it
At the house all alone ain't tryna be in the public
When I leave, say she still feel me in her stomach
She gon' tell you she love you, but she been with the kid
We get it poppin', send a message like he leavin' the crib
Like to smoke when I drive, roll some weed then I dip
Before I come through, she in the bed
And once I get over, I keep it goin', don't stop
You show how much you love it when you get on top
Your mans comin' home so we gon' keep the door locked
Been smokin' and drinkin' his liquor, now we both hot
We fuckin' like we tryna catch feelings
Got you bangin' on the walls, girl, you shakin' up the building
Baby girl, tell me what the deal is
Ain't nothing like them other guys, you fuckin' with the realest
Young Wiz

[Chorus]
Ridin' 'round thinkin' 'bout you
Thinkin' 'bout what I might do
Don't know what got into me
Probably 'cause you keep sendin' me
Them late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Keep sendin' them late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages

[Verse 2]
Nothing's the same
Know I'm a player, come over play
I ain't with them games
Don't even call, I'm just comin' over
Fresh off the plane
You gave him a try, he left your heart broke
But never again
It's starting to get late
I know what you want, but I ain't gon' judge you
That ain't the case
Send me a message, soon as I get it
Tell me erase it
Usually don't do this, know what you're doin'
You ain't no lame
Are you ready for it? Are you ready for it?
Never bored, I'ma get my phone, press record
Girl, I'm grown so don't worry 'bout nobody knowin'
It was good, I just had to see what you was doin'
It's been a long time, but this thing ain't foreign
Give it to you hard, we fuckin' up the headboard
Switching up positions in the bed, we ain't boring
Takin' you up in the sky, feel like you soaring
I was supposed to be writin' songs but I'm in my low-low
When I'm

[Chorus]
Ridin' 'round thinkin' 'bout you
Thinkin' 'bout what I might do
Don't know what got into me
Probably 'cause you keep sendin' me
Them late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Keep sendin' them late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages
Late night messages

[Outro]
'Cause when I say slide, you slide
And when you say ride, I ride
Keep a bad bitch by my side
And when I say go, you go
And when you say roll, I roll
You're the last one to hit my phone
In my car all alone

[Verse 1]
I'd wash the sand off the shore
Give you the world if it was mine
Blow you right to my door
Feels fine

[Chorus]
Feels like
You're mine
Feels right
So fine
I'm yours
You're mine
Like paradise

I'd give the world if it was mine
Feels fine

Feels like
You're mine
I'm yours
So fine
Like paradise

[Verse 2]
I'd wash the sand off the shore
Give you the world if it was mine
Blow you right to my door
Feels fine

[Chorus]
Feels like
You're mine
Feels right
So fine
I'm yours
You're mine
Like paradise

[Bridge]
Ooh, what a life
Ooh, what a life
Ooh, what a life
Ooh, what a life
I wanna share my life
Wanna share my life with you
Wanna share my life
I wanna share my life with you
Wanna share my life
Wanna share my life with you
Wanna share my life
Wanna share my life with you

[Outro]
Ooh, what a life
Ooh, what a life
Mama been laid off
Papa been laid off
My brother's been laid off
For more than two years now
Ooh can't get a job
Billy can't get a job (Oh yeah)
Ooh, they gotta listen to the blues
Help them to strive
Help them to move on
Help them to have some future
Help them to live long
Help them to live life
Help them to smile
Don't let them stay home and listen to the blues

Papa been laid off (Papa)
Mama been laid off (Mama)
Billy can't get a job
For too long, too long
Don't let them lose
We gotta give them a chance
It's gonna come back on everyone
If you don't make them dance
Don't let them stay home and listen to the blues
'Cause nothing's sacred (why)
Breathing hatred (why)
Oh yeah yeah
We have to face it (why)
No one can take it (why)
And feel no pain (feel no pain)

Mama been laid off
Papa been laid off
My brother's been laid off
For more than two years now
Ooh, can't get a job
Billy can't get a job
Ooh, they gotta listen to the blues

Help them to strive
Help them to move on
Help them to have some future
Help them to live long
Help them to live life
Help them to smile
Don't let them stay home and listen to the blues

One day we're gonna wake up
And the ghetto's all around
All over, my friend
Have you ever seen a man break down?
Do you know how that feels?
To walk the street with your head held high
(With your head held high)

Why, why, why
And feel no pain

Ooh, did you ever see a man break down?
I won't pretend that I intend to stop living
I won't pretend I'm good at forgiving
But I can't hate you
Though I have tried
Ahh...
I still really really love you (Really really love you)
Love is stronger than pride (Love is stronger than pride)
I still really really love you (Love you)
Mmmmm

I won't pretend that I intend to stop living
I won't pretend I'm good at forgiving
But I can't hate you
Although I have tried
Mmmmm, ahh...

[Chorus]
I still really really love you (Really really love you)
Love is stronger than pride (Love is stronger than pride)
I still really really love you (Love you)
Mm mm mm mm mm

[Bridge]
Sitting here wasting my time
Would be like
Waiting for the sun to rise
(Waiting for the sun to rise)
It's all too clear, things come and go
(Come and go)
Sitting here waiting for you
Would be like waiting for winter
It's gonna be cold
There may even
Be snow

(Love is stronger than pride)

I still really really love you
Love is stronger than pride
(Love is stronger than pride)
I still really really love you
Love is stronger (Love is stronger than pride)
I still really really love you
Love is stronger than pride
(Love is stronger than pride)
(Oh yes, la la la la)

(La la la la la la la lala, La la la la la la la la...) (Repeat until end)

[Verse 1]
That grass ain't gonna cut itself
And you can't get your tan
Underneath these covers and that four blade ceiling fan
You know I love to see you
With that two piece top untied
But I can think of something better
I ain't going to lie

[Chorus]
Yeah, I could use a little rain
Beating on the window pane
While we listen to the tin roof sing a love song all day long
Yeah I hope it pours
And our clothes stay on the floor
Yeah, that's the kind of storm that's been calling my name
Yeah, I could use a little rain
Yeah, I could use a little rain

[Verse 2]
Blame it on the fast lane
Trying to make that dollar bill
How everything we gotta do
We can't just sit and still
I know that it ain't your fault
And I hope that it ain't mine
But we been in a drought for a little too long of time

[Chorus]
I could use a little rain
Beating on the window pane
While we listen to the tin roof sing a love song all day long
Yeah I hope it pours
And our clothes stay on the floor
Yeah, that's the kind of storm that's been calling my name
Yeah, I could use a little rain
Yeah, I could use a little rain

[Bridge]
Sun sun go away
Come again some other day
Me and this girl got love to make
Yeah we got love to make
Sun sun go away
Won't you come again some other day
Me and this girl got love to make
Ah whew!
Ah-ah, baby

[Chorus]
I could use a little rain
Beating on the window pane
While we listen to the tin roof sing a love song all day long
Yeah I hope it pours
And our clothes stay on the floor
Yeah, that's the kind of storm that's been calling my name
Yeah, I could use a little rain
Yeah, I could use a little rain

[Outro]
Yeah, I could use a little rain
Yeah, I could use a little rain

[Verse 1]
You're ruling the way that I move
And I breathe your air
You only can rescue me
This is my prayer
If you were mine
If you were mine
I wouldn't want to go to heaven

[Chorus]
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
You won't catch me running

[Post-Chorus]
You're ruling the way that I move
You take my air
You show me how deep love can be

[Verse 2]
You're ruling the way that I move
And I breathe your air
You only can rescue me
This is my prayer

[Chorus]
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
You won't catch me running
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
Won't run away

[Bridge]
You show me how deep love can be
You show me how deep love can be
This is my prayer

[Chorus]
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
Won't run away
Won't shy

Cherish the day
I won't go astray

[Outro]
I cherish the day
I cherish the day
I cherish the day
I cherish the day
I cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
I cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day

[Intro]
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day

[Verse 1]
You're ruling the way that I move
And I breathe your air
You only can rescue me
This is my prayer
If you were mine
If you were mine
I wouldn't want to go to heaven

[Chorus]
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
You won't catch me running

[Pre-Chorus]
You're ruling the way that I move
You take my air
You show me how deep love can be

[Verse 2]
You're ruling the way that I move
And I breathe your air
You only can rescue me
This is my prayer

[Chorus]
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
You won't catch me running
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
Won't run away

[Bridge]
Cherish the day (Repeat 8X)

You show me how deep love can be
You show me how deep love can be
This is my prayer

[Chorus]
Cherish the day
I won't go astray
I won't be afraid
Won't run away
Won't shy

Cherish the day
I won't go astray

[Outro]
I cherish the day
I cherish the day
I cherish the day
I cherish the day
I cherish the day

Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
Cherish the day
I cherish the day
Cherish the day

[Intro]
Yo
What they say?

[Verse]
Royce sounds like Detroit's voice

[?]
Motor of the motor
Cartier third eye
That's that ladder sight

[?]
The top tier back
Do it for the culture
What you chopping up the science for
Back to back to back like an ultra
Audio sculpture of the lion lying
Never tires, hard to extinguish like a firestorm fireball
What's a search engine to a Chinese firewall?
Mechanics on the block, rhyme detective
Prime directives, even adversaries gon' cop
Clean as easter the eastern conference Isiah Thomas
On the streets, lay a five layered comet unconscious
On 

[?] at a concert on beat
Life and death on different floors
Different flows depending on which edition

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
One shot, two shots
I done mixed McQueen with the Blue Dot
Thug life, 2Pac
Smoke me a J on the roof top
Champagne, campaign
Spent a whole day on a airplane
Barely get my team on the airplane
Barely get my luggage on the airplane
Lookin' at me like the captain
They treat me, like the captain
Know where I'm goin' like the captain
Show up when I want like the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
Uh
What's happenin? What's happenin?
I can hit the trap make it back-flip
What's happenin? What's happenin?
I done made a million, off rappin'
What's happenin? What's happenin?
I could fuck ya bitch, no cappin'
Niggas think they real til they lackin'
You ain't gettin' money 'less you stackin'
Niggas hate me I imagine
No I don't do shit average
In a minute I'ma get shit smackin'
Upfront we ain't dealing with no back end
What's happenin? What's happenin?
All these niggas really care about is fashion
Don't even ask to hit the weed, you ain't matchin'
How they gang? Is the question that I'm askin'

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
One shot, two shots
I done mixed McQueen with the Blue Dot
Thug life, 2Pac
Smoke me a J on the roof top
Champagne, campaign
Spent a whole day on a airplane
Barely get my team on the airplane
Barely get my luggage on the airplane
Lookin' at me like the captain
They treat me, like the captain
Know where I'm goin' like the captain
Show up when I want like the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain

[Verse 2: Smokepurpp]
What's happenin? What's happenin? (Huh?)
Nut on her face, then I pass her a napkin (Huh? Napkin)
Count big racks, blow big bags (ooh, ooh)
Lil Purpp pulled up in a Maybach (Lil Purpp, skrrt)
Lil' bitch gave me head and I laid back (laid back)
Nigga talk shit, on his head like a wave cap (wave cap)
Fucked the lil' ho in an Aston Martin (yuh)
Blow seven bands on the jacket, orange (yuh, yuh)
Di-diamonds on me and they dance like Step Up (Step Up, ooh)
Test me, nigga, shoot from the neck up (neck up)
Bust down, yeah you know I had to flex up (flex)
No doctor, but you know I got my check up (ooh)
Two Glocks, two shots (hey, two shots)
Shoot at his face, that's a crop top (crop top)
Ride in that foreign, that drop top (drop top, skrrt)
Callin' his bitch, get the slop top

[Chorus: Wiz Khalifa]
One shot, two shots
I done mixed McQueen with the Blue Dot
Thug life, 2Pac
Smoke me a J on the roof top
Champagne, campaign
Spent a whole day on a airplane
Barely get my team on the airplane
Barely get my luggage on the airplane
Lookin' at me like the captain
They treat me, like the captain
Know where I'm goin' like the captain
Show up when I want like the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain
Everywhere I go I'm the captain

[Verse 1]
Blue ribbon bottles
Big black throttles
Marlborough's if you want 'em
Go on and take a drag
Little small town freedom
Little taste of dreaming
No need to preach, no need to shout, we believe in

[Chorus]
American nights
Wanted line
Cutting down Main Street in the dark
Muscle shows, muscle cars
Earning our stripes underneath these stars

[Verse 2]
Faded Levi's
Worn out Chuck's
20 in my pocket
Feels like a million bucks
Blue eyed beauty, lean into me
Our own show in the back row
Miss the whole damn movie

[Chorus]
American nights
Wanted line
Cutting down Main Street in the dark
Muscle shows, muscle cars
Earning our stripes underneath these stars
American nights

[Bridge]
Pray the morning don't come
These colours don't run
Stay up and stay young

[Chorus]
American nights, American nights
Wanted line
Cutting down Main Street in the dark
Muscle shows, muscle cars
Earning our stripes underneath these stars
American nights, American nights
American nights, American nights

[Outro]
Pray the morning don't come
Stay up and stay young
The truth

'I love you' was just the title of the book. Under those three words I wrote ten thousand more in my mind. You never took the time to read those pages, they weren't as easy to understand and were much less quotable. No, those pages lie pristine and pure, smudged by no ones fingerprints but mine. What you would've seen were sentences like: 'Jimi Hendrix solos swimming through summer nights'. You would've read writing like 'A gold medalist spiralling off the high dive with no splash, perfect ten'.

If you would've taken the time you would've read; 'Lets leave here, right fuckin' now, without a breath or a call home'.
But all you heard was I love you, a joke of a sentence. A sentence men who pretended to know you whispered to you during sex because it seemed appropriate for the situation. It played out that way in a movie they'd seen so they recycled the line. No novel laid under their 'I love you's'. So you never read mine.

I keep my ten thousand words to myself while you label me with ones like 'weird' and 'aloof'.
Words have never been friends with the truth.
Blank

I am sitting in a chair, in a bedroom, in a house, that I bought three years ago
The house is in the Hollywood hills
My mother is in the living room speaking with my assistants softly
Soft enough that her words are blending with the other background noises
Like birds, fans and the high G sharp ringing in my mind
The time is 3:23PM, the date is February 12th 2016
I'm 28 years old but I wont be long
My name is Michael Robert Henrion Posner

5 days ago I took a lot of Psilocybin
I experienced timelessness and I felt that my life was a lie
I was scared
I spoke to my friend Micky yesterday about it
By the end of the conversation I felt happy
Right now I feel blank
I don't mean that in a negative way
I mean I feel neutral
Not happy and not sad
Blank
I like blank
Who believes in god after they've seen war?
Who believes in war after they've seen god?
Charts

I did interviews in London
A song I wrote is the number one song in all of the UK
People tell me 'Congrats'
Meanwhile in LA, Matt is going back to the hospital
In his words he needs a doctor who specialises in rockstars whose organs are failing
He drank too many drinks
Snorted too many drugs
Swallowed too many pills
He has a room at the Roosevelt
He's alone

I'm sitting in first class on a virgin flight back to America
My song is the number one song in all of the UK
And I don't give a fuck
No Time for Metaphors

I jacked off this morning, felt shame
I will fast today to cleanse
I read that

Went to Mod Sun's warehouse and fell asleep
With Bukowski in my hands
The Stones played Wild Horses
I woke up and wrote this
The Woman On The Wall

The way she looked at me seemed to suggest that everything I'd come to know about myself may be incomprehensibly wrong and hinted at the possibility of another reality altogether

There was nothing else to do but sit down and listen
The museum was closed and I was tip-toeing on a tight rope
As if the things I could see and touch were only a sparkle in the eye of something much larger
A note played from the organ and the sun set
Who told Marie Denise to break the world?
And when she did so, why did she choose to break it so perfectly?

There are two types of art
The first is that which causes one to see reality differently
The other gently tears through reality revealing a divine ocean of wonder previously hidden from sight
This was the second kind
I sat cross legged like a monk
I never saw her again
And what to do with this memory?
Store it next to all the insignificant ones in my mind like the times a bird shat on my striped shirt in Stockholm?
That doesn't seem appropriate at all
I'm a Dylan fan
I took mushrooms by myself on a Sunday for the second time
That was October and now it's January
It's winter in some places, summer in others
I can't tell you what I saw that day in the museum
I can only tell you I love you
Give that whatever meaning you wish
Because the swan doesn't beg for attention and the sun doesn't shine to be seen
It's all in the way it fits
How could I go back to LA now?
Everything was different and that night I ate too much at the deli and couldn't sleep
I had seen too much
It made no sense like a rollercoaster in the winter time
What more can I give you?
Give me peace, give me freedom, give me love
Good Lord, give me love
I'm thinking about horses

I'm thinking about God
Is it a he or a she or a feeling or love?
Does she personally ordain every occurrence in every moment or did she set the universe in motion and then move on? To try and top her achievement
Maybe this universe wasn't an achievement at all
Maybe our lives, our wars, our fuckups, our diseases, our love, our humanity, our passion, our pennies, our holocaust are all just a rehearsal before the show
A sketch before the mural, a stretch before the jump
Does she love me? Does God know I'm here?
I'm thinking about god

I'm thinking about sex
I've been holy all day and acted in ways that deserve adjectives like honorable, good and straight
But it's after 10 PM now and I'm bored
I watched a movie on the internet alone and now it's over
I pick up my phone and text every female I know within a 15-mile radius
It's a terrible thing that deserves adjectives like chauvinistic, objectifying, asshole-ish
I made that up just for myself
"Hey Nicole"
"Oh hey, what's up Mike? I'm about to get in bed, you?"
'I'm chillin', I just been thinking about you... winky face"
"Haha really random, I haven't seen you in so long. What made you think about me?"
"Well, to be honest, I was watching a movie on the internet and it's over now. I'm bored and I'm thinking about sex"
I'm thinking about horses
They're so goddamn regal
Their muscles ripple through their skin like waves in a little ocean
Magnificent beasts
But why the fuck do they listen to us?
They're so much bigger
They're so much stronger than they know but they trade freedom for a dependable meal
They let people get on top of them and tell them where to go
But how can I judge?
Is that not exactly what I do?
Is that not exactly what we all do?
I'm thinking about horses

I'm thinking about dad
He's 70 and he's just starting to get old
Things are gonna change soon
I don't feel ready for the change that's coming soon
I am standing on the beach, watching the tsunami grow from a minuscule rise in the horizon into a monstrous tidal wave
I am not moving, I am not scared, I am not scared, I am not wearing swimwear, I am standing on the beach, waiting for the tsunami
And dad taught me about love and sacrifice
But that's sorta like a book that you read and forgot about
'Cause I don't love and I don't sacrifice
And youth was my excuse for that but that excuse is getting old
Maybe I'm gay
I'm thinking about dad
I'm thinking about Ronnie
His stepmom kicked him out because he wasn't hers so he moved
to the hood with his mom and 8 half brothers
I stopped hanging out with him then when he needed my friendship the most
That was 9 years ago
His mom's sick now so he takes care of her and the rest of the family
The oldest
He lives with them in a little house on Schaffer in Detroit
I live with no one in a million dollar house in Los Angeles
I'm thinking about Ronnie

I'm thinking about death
What if this plane goes down?
That would be okay
I had a good run
I wonder if a lot of people would come to my funeral
Maybe my fans would do something special
Maybe they'd cry and maybe it'd be in the newspaper
Yeah, I think I'd get on the Detroit news
Probably not the New York Times
You people will probably like my music more when I'm dead
'Cause they'll know no more is coming
You see people love stories with endings
Right now I'm just a story thats sorta dragging on slowly
Page by page, year by year
But people want an ending, they want a crash, they want an ear in the fucking mail
I don't have one
All I have is another lousy poem and the knowledge that I'll probably die somewhere, confused and decrepit in a nursing home
But I don't think this plane's gonna crash
I'm thinking about Otis
I'm thinking about Kurt
I'm thinking about Dilla
I'm thinking about

Death
Bruno Mars

I wrote a song with bruno mars once
He's way better than me at music
He's way better than me at everything
That used to bother me
But then I realised he's better than you too
Interviews

You interned at a Detroit radio station and met Big Sean, tell me about your relationship with him back then
I love you

When did you begin to seriously dedicate yourself to being an artist?
I love you

What was it like managing your music at the same time as your studies at Duke?
I love you

What was it like writing songs for Justin Bieber?
I love you

What was it like writing songs for Maroon 5?
I love you

What music did you grow up with that influences you now?
I love you

[Verse 1]
Let the waves carry you down to my doorstep
Rest your weary souls on my shores, yeah
Sand and the sun and the tropical breeze, yeah
You can get away from the sharks in the seas, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
Wild out, make a name
Stars is out, freaky time
Sink the ship, take a dip
Coconut, take a sip
Wildfire, dance around
Wear my gold like a crown
Where we've been, given doubt
Where we are? In the wild now

[Chorus]
Wild beach
Can't control these wild things
Can't you see you're drowning?
Tryna tame a wild beast, I'm a wild beach
It's like you're tryna tame a wild beast, I'm a wild beach
I'm a wild beach, I'm a wild beach

[Verse 2]
Boy, you must be crazy
Must be out of my mind
Feel like I'm stranded but it go hand in hand
'Cause we free to live that life
Now see that though
Pretty in a drop top, we gon' blow
Palm trees in a Backwood, he on both knees
Make it pop-pop, I don't need no doors
If crib pop-itty, I don't need more hoes
See no evil even if she won't go
Dijon chico with the neon coat
Got a vision of the sun, I just see more gold and

[Pre-Chorus]
Wild out, make a name
Stars is out, freaky time
Sink the ship, take a dip
Coconut, take a sip
Wildfire, dance around
Wear my gold like a crown
Where we've been, given doubt
Where we are? In the wild now

[Chorus]
Wild beach
Can't control these wild things
Can't you see you're drowning?
Tryna tame a wild beast, I'm a wild beach
It's like you're tryna tame a wild beast, I'm a wild beach
I'm a wild beach, I'm a wild beach

[Outro]
Every day it feels like the weekend
Every day could be summer season
Relax your mind with me all weekend
Under jungle, roll in my leaves, yeah
Every day it feels like the weekend
Every day could be summer season
Relax your mind with me all weekend
Under jungle, roll in my leaves, yeah
Meow meow meow meow meow
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
Meow meow meow meow meow
Meow meow meow meow meow
Meow meow meow meow meow
Meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
Meow meow meow meow meow
Woman I Was Scared To Talk To

Dreadlocked goddess across the way at an LA house party
Hello,
I don't need to know your name
I love you
I am in love with you
I don't need take you on a first date to a restaurant expensive enough to impress you but cheap enough that I don't feel like I'm showing off, I don't
I don't need to wait three dates before I touch your breasts
I don't need you to move in after four months
I don't need to meet your mother and get in an argument with you because I got forgot our six month anniversary
I don't need to be on my best behaviour when I'm around you to undo all the terrible things men from your past have done
I don't need to break up with you because it's all too much and I'm tired of calling you from the road, I don't
I don't need to pretend I don't care about our breakup, dye my hair blonde and write an album about you
no, I can just tell you right now
Dreadlocked goddess across the way in an LA house party
Hello
I love you
I am in love with you
Lets leave it at that
I Suck At Girls

I suck at girls
I barely had sex two times before I got rich
After I got rich I had sex lots of times to cover up the fact that I suck at girls
My friends back home in Detroit always ask me
'Which famous girls have you slept with?'
They look so disappointed when I say none
Can't they remember high school?
Nothing has changed
I still suck at girls
My Favorite Stain

I built a glass house on the edge of a cliff
People tell me to come down
I say it's worth the risk
I wrote a poem on the wall
It simply read your name
And if the ink starts to run
It will be my favorite stain

[Intro]
I think I need something new, something you got for me
I'm the one to give it to, to get into, I'm ready
I'ma get comfortable
'Cause you know I won't be here all week
And we both got it in on freak
We ain't afraid of sexuality, oh

[Verse 1]
No games, no way, José
Foreplay, don't fake both ways
Like Olay, and I won't chase to it, OJ
Soul based, and I'm on face like I'm Colgate
Hallways when I go all day, get it (Uh-huh)
Now it's the one to throw it back with it
Fittin' all that, he ain't gotta call back
Trippin' this, prison this, nigga I don't get it, I'm addicted
Reading all my feelings, need a one-way ticket
Looking so fly 'cause I mind my business
Self-proposed but you know I'm vicious
Slow your roll, you can't lie to me, baby
I see it all in your eyes and your face
Want these knees to go opposite ways
And I see you fiendin', go off on it, babe
I don't need to speak, I'm not talkin', babe

[Chorus]
'Cause you're talkin' with your body, body
Can we touch up on that topic, topic?

[Verse 2]
You're coming on to me
And I can read it all up on your face
Control it, get your way
Baby, you can't hide from me
Come and vibe with me
Boy, it ain't my fault, it's building up inside of me
I hope I can get you out before you say goodbye to me
And boy, it ain't my fault, it's building up inside of me
I hope I can get you out before you say goodbye to me

[Chorus]
'Cause you're talkin' with your body, body
Can we touch up on that topic, topic?

[Verse 3]
Good self control but you stickin' it out
A figure of mouth, don't wonder why you twistin' your loud
She twerkin' it out and wonder why they thirstier now
Every night dodgin' broke niggas, curvin' 'em out
Like every pipe got its own feelings lurkin' below
I mean, really? Do you love me? Is it certain, for sure?
I got money, nigga, know you gon' be hurt if I don't
But I got niggas in my city and my bitches is cold, so

[Interlude]
Tell me what you had in mind
Watch it closely, we'll unwind
Psychology of the mind
You do your job, I'll do mine
'Cause the body doesn't lie

[Chorus]
'Cause you're talkin' with your body, body
Can we touch up on that topic, topic?
'Cause you're talkin' with your body, body
Can we touch up on that topic, topic?

[Outro]
I think I need something new, something you got for me
I'm the one to give it to, to get into, I'm ready
I'ma get comfortable
'Cause you know I won't be here all week
And we both got it in on freak
We ain't afraid of sexuality, oh

[Intro]
Is it bad if I care for you?
You make it seem like it is a crime that I love you
Is it bad if I care for you?
You make it seem like it is a crime that I love you

[Chorus]
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before
You did it to me like you've played this game before
You did it to me like you've played this game before

[Verse 1]
It seems so official
Boy I waited, waited, dodgin' players just to get you
They been sayin' things, just instigators, while I kept you
This shit seem automatic, I have, I ain't into

[Bridge]
You don't really want me now
You know there's always someone else
You did it to me like you've played this game

[Chorus]
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before
You did it to me like you've played this game before
You did it to me like you've played this game before

[Verse 2]
Yah, throw hands in the air
Swear I can't bring that ass anywhere
You don't wanna fling, bring that ass over here
Boy, feelin' like a contest, how you wanna stare
Your attention span prolly long as your hair, too
If you're true, why you gotta dare, boo?
Some win and some gotta lose
You really need love, two L's, no cool
It is not me, nor them, just you
Acting like a fiend and the perp gon' shoot
Act seventeen when you're thirty-two
Pussy too clean and it purty too
So I can't intervene on your escapades
'Cause I ain't really tryna be the next to pay
And be the next to say, "I got an ex today"
I can see it in your eyes when you flex your games and shit (Yeah)

[Chorus]
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before
I did the most, I gave my all
You did it to me like you've played this game before

[Cutmaster Cool V]
Whats up, this is Cutmaster Cool V
Comin' live from B&B Studios
Graveyard here in Jersey, know what I'm sayin'?
Uh, I'm sayin' what's up to my moms, my pops
My brothers and sisters
I'm sayin' what's up for keepin' me together, ha ha ha ha ha
I'm sayin' what's up to the diabolical himself
My cousin, the grand groove of sound, Biz Markie
'Cause without him, I couldn't thank nobody
Know what I'm sayin', that's why I'm thankin' him first, ha ha ha
Godfather D, Scweet Love, B Asiatic
That's B from Burner Street
Y'all girls didn't know what I said, know what I'm sayin'?
Slurp 'N Burp, Mop, ha ha, Coss from Elizabeth
You know we go way back, fam
Malik Sham, Wadiya Hobbs of Stacy-Dixon, what's up?
To the Biz Production squad, Grand Daddy I.U
DJ KC, Easy Brick the player, Kid Capri, Silver D
Money Marl, Spud Love, The Don, Big Buddah, Diamond Shell
The Mos Crew, Beverly Poo, uh, Big Daddy Kane
TJ Swan, Kool G Rap & Polo, MC Shan, Roxanne Shante
DJ Marley Marl, Fly Ty, what's up?
Little Red, ha ha ha, little family, stop being so bad, boy, ha ha
KRS-One, D-Nice, DJ Mark The 45 King, Lakim Shabazz
And C-Juss, and the whole Flavor Unit
Latifah, what's up?
My man Jeff at Vogle's, well he was formerly at Vogle's
He the only one to ever give me a job at the record shop
He gave me one, Mike and Rob from Big B Records in Plainfield
DJ Cheese out there, 3rd Street Posse, what's up?
Ice-T, Evil-E, on the California side
And the Rhyme Syndicate all over the world, what's up?
To my brothers in Broadway, Trenton, Broad Town
James Burden, Riker's Island, and Sing-Sing, what's up?
Jail, 'cause you're comin' home
Doug E Fresh, Rob Base, Easy Rock, Mike and Day
DJ Pearl, DJ Fantasy, you know what's up
Al B from PGC, Jimmy Olsen from 98.5
Frankie Blue and Kid Kelly, break not
Frankie Crocker, Red Alert, yeah!
I had to do that for him, 'cause he always believed in us
You know what I'm sayin'?
To the Cliton Avenue Posse, Vaughn Devine, Big Shoe, Bay-Ho
And my man Kenny, and the White Stanza, he be coolin'
What's up, Hall, stop buggin'
What's up Skeet, Fell, Bess, y'all chill
Uptown, Big D for the Lou, A-Z, Johnny Fresh and Alpo
I got that all, ha ha, Lance Hayes, what's up my brother?
To my engineer, who's always crystal clear
The important one, DJ Doc, makin' it funky for me
So I can make it funky for you, you know what I'm sayin'?
And I gotta say what's up to this group Saffi and Shafeik
What's up, Chancellor Avenue rockin' supreme, what's up?
Peace, ha ha, Elizabeth, uptown, downtown, and the midtown
South Hawk Street, 1st Street, Jetson Avenue
Red S's out there, DC, white boy Funky Foot
Pat Thompson, Kathy Wilkes, you know what I'm sayin'?
I got to say what's up to everybody everywhere
'Cause I'm runnin' out of time, and I hope I gotcha
And if I ain't getcha, I'm-a getcha on the next album
Because I like this, ha ha, Malik from Avon
You know I ain't forget you, boy, ha ha
Luke Skyywalker and The 2 Live Crew, you know how we go
Biggie, in the stankin' lankin', what's up girl?
My big cousin, Sydney, give me that basketball, boy
Like I said, I gotta sign off, I got everbody's names
But I just can't say 'em right now, you know what I'm sayin'?
So DJ Doc, you gon make this one real funky for me, right?
And I'm-a sign it off just like this, little daddy style
You're out!

[Biz Markie]

Got my jeans (?) on 

[laughter]
With them furs British
Remember the first 

[?]
He had a 

[?] neck on
He had the Spalding glasses
Um, with the Nets baseball hat
Remember the Nets baseball hat?
Right? And I was like
"This-This nigga boutta be bu-"
He came up and said
"Can niggas, like boo 

[?]"
Nigga said
"Hoo-woo-oo"

[?]
I was like
"GOD!"

[?]
That is doo-doo ugly 

[?]
Yeah
We gonna start this shit, right?
Okay, 

[?]

[Verse 1]
I Got a girl
You want it too
I want you baby, to be my wife
To love and cherish, for the rest of my life
You want me too, to be a man
I'm trying baby, the best way I can
Alright now!

[Verse 2]
I love you baby, anyway
So come on baby, lets flip a way
Oh you don't know, I love you so
Oh come on baby, come on lets go
Oh, yeah!

[Instrumental Bridge]

[Verse 3]
I gotcha baby, you know it
I got you baby, but you know it
And I won, you for a bet
Oh you don't know, I love you so
Oh please stop baby, I wanna know
Oh, yeah!

[Outro]
Oh yeah!
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah!
Oh baby yeah, you know I know why you got it
Oh baby yeah, oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Alright

[Intro]
Zaytoven
Hmm
Zaytoven
Ohh, woah, ohh

[Bridge]
We standin' in the lobby waitin' for the elevator
We standin' in the lobby and we can't wait to get out
Let's just go crazy, let's say, "Fuck every'"
Let's make a baby, we gon' need new laundry

[Verse 1]
Oh, woah, I'm on the road
Can't wait to come home to you
Oh, I'm doin' all my shows
Can't wait to come back home to you

[Chorus]
Red wine and white sheets, pour up that Henny
I know that you love me, let's fall like we're lonely
Red wine and white sheets, pour up that Henny
I know that you love me, let's fall like we're lonely

[Bridge]
We standin' in the lobby waitin' for the elevator
We standin' in the lobby and we can't wait to get out
Let's just go crazy, let's say, "Fuck every'"
Let's make a baby, we gon' need new laundry

[Verse 2]
I know I lied to you, that only would do you
I told you I'm sorry, you know that was not me
And that lie wouldn't hang up, was rushin' through my fingertips
I ain't never gonna go back to the man I was then

[Chorus]
Red wine and white sheets, pour up that Henny
I know that you love me, let's fall like we're lonely
Red wine and white sheets, pour up that Henny
I know that you love me, let's fall like we're lonely

[Instrumental Break]

[Outro]
Ah, ahh, ahh, ahh
Ah, ahh, ah, ahh, ah, ahh
Ah, ahh, ah, ahh, ah, ahh
You wonder if we got that 

[?], 

[?]
You know that if we stay 

[?], I'd be scared to run away
You wonder if we got that 

[?], 

[?]
You know that if we stay 

[?], I'd be scared to run away
You wonder if we got that 

[?], 

[?]
You know that if we stay 

[?], I'd be scared to run away
You wonder if we got that 

[?], 

[?]
You know that if we stay 

[?], I'd be scared to run away

[Intro]
Yeah

[Verse 1]
Sent a message to my Instagram
You's a vegan but you goin' ham
Lotta niggas, lotta niggas
Lotta niggas wanna be like me
But you know the difference
You know what's different, baby

[Bridge]
Only been OVO for me
Let me know you're down
Let me know when you're downtown
Ring-a-ding, ding
Let me know if it's a ting, yeah
Out here with your Brampton tings
Fuckin' all your Pickering tings, oh

[Chorus]
She said she wanna come to Toronto
She wanna come to the 6 side
She know that's the best side
Caribana, soca dancer, Machel Montano
Black red bandana, oh, trip planner
She know who to check when she come around
She know who to check whenever she comes in town
She knows what I have to calm her down
She knows that it's not something to run from now, oh
Don't run

[Verse 2]
I wanna smoke with you
Sit down, have dinner with the folks with you
Touch road, do Fring’s then Bloke with you
Don't par with a broke boy, I'll do the most
Would you tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me?
Since when are you all grown up?
Since when do you know Mona?
Since when do you not come home?
I heard you got too much on your shoulders
Your mother just called my phone up
Sounds like your party is over

[Bridge]
Heard a lot of things, don't joke with me
I know you're down, I know you're still down
Ring-a-ding, ding
Let me know if it's a ting
I stay with the downtown ting
Who the real Queenstreet king, oh

[Chorus]
She said she wanna come to Toronto
She wanna come to the 6 side
She know that's the best side
Caribana, calypso dancer, Bajan accent
Blue yellow bandana, oh, trip planner
She know who to check when she come around
She know who to check whenever she comes in town
She knows what I have to calm her down
She knows that it's not something to run from now, oh
Don't run

[Intro]
Uh
She say "I ain't have sex in a long time", uh
And then we had sex for a long time
But don't let your girl get caught in the right place at the wrong time
Cause by the a.m. she'll be all mine
Click, clack

[Chorus]
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole, uh
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole
Ammo, ammo
Tried to use my nine but my nine wasn't working
Started bangin' with my pump then that bitch started twerkin', hey
Tried to use my nine but my nine wasn't working
Started bangin' with my pump then that bitch started twerkin'
Ammo

[Verse]
Yeah, I got revolver and automatic, uh
Or I use your bitch for target practice
Yeah, girl, my dick is a concealed weapon
I'ma kill that pussy 187, uh
I'ma kill that pussy 187, uh
I'ma shoot my bullets, she gon' catch 'em
Shots fired, shots fired
Fuck that pussy til it backfire
Pump that pussy like a flat tire
Clap that ass like a damn choir
Shots fired, shots fired
Fuck that pussy til it backfire
Pump that pussy like a flat tire
Clap that ass like a damn choir

[Chorus]
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole
Let me stick my fuckin' nine in your hole
Tried to use my nine but my nine wasn't working
Started bangin' with my pump then that bitch started twerkin', hey
Tried to use my nine but my nine wasn't working
Started bangin' with my pump then that bitch started twerkin'
Ammo

[Verse 2]
She say "I ain't have sex in a long time", yeah
And then we had sex for a long time, yeah
Your girl got caught in the right place at the wrong time, oh yeah
Blocka blocka in her face, she don't complain, she put on a smile, yeah
Chop her down, chop her, chop her, chop her down
I chop her down, I chop her, chop her, chop her down
Chop her down, bocka blocka blocka, blauw
Chop her down, blocka blocka blocka, pow
And that bitch started twerkin', yeah
Started playin' with my pump and that bitch started twerkin'
Ammo
Chop her down, chop her, chop her down
Ammo
Chop her down, chop her, chop her down
I got- ammo, I got ammo, ammo
I got- I got ammo, I got, I got ammo, I got
She know, oh she know
She know that I got ammo, she know
I got ammo, and she know
Yeah, she know
I got ammo, ammo
Lyrics from Snippet

You got sum’ that got all the niggas feignin’
Talkin’ lost and short bread, no blinkin’
You a fine lil shawty but I know you thotin’
You ain’t as sweet as you look, girl you spoiled rotten, oh
Spoiled rotten, oh

[Verse 1]
I don’t know where you're laying
Just know it's not with me
I don’t know what I'd tell you if
I passed you on the street

[Chorus]
I don't want your sympathy
But you don't know what you do to me
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)
Every time I see your face
There's only so much I can take
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)

[Verse 2]
I don't know how you taste when
There's smoke in your perfume
So chew me up and spit me out
Nothing left to lose

[Chorus]
I don't want your sympathy
But you don't know what you do to me
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)
Every time I see your face
There's only so much I can take
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)

[Guitar Solo]

[Chorus]
I don't want your sympathy
But you don't know what you do to me
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)
Every time I see your face
There's only so much I can take
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)

[Verse 3]
I hope you never hear this
And know that it's for you
I don’t know what I'd tell you if
You asked me for the truth

[Chorus]
I don't want your sympathy
But you don't know what you do to me
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)
Every time I see your face
There's only so much I can take
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)

[Guitar Solo + "Faith" Interpolation]
Well I guess it would be nice
If I could touch your body
If I could touch your body
If I could touch your body
If I could touch your body

[Chorus]
I don't want your sympathy
But you'll never know what you do to me
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)
Every time I see your face
There's only so much I can take
Oh, Anna (Oh, Anna)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Sandy Hook, Stoneman Douglas
Another lone-wolf gunman
Sometimes I don't know what this
World has come to, it's blowin' up
This whole country is goin' nuts
And the NRA is in our way
They're responsible for this whole production
They hold the strings to control the puppets
And they threaten to take away donor bucks
So they know the government won't do nothin'
And no one's budgin', gun owners' clutchin'
Their loaded weapons
They love their guns more than our children
Shh, I think another one just entered in our buildin'
And we'll be—

[Chorus: Kehlani]
Ashes blowin' in the air
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold
Forget doin' what you're told
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track
This road is takin' me back
Down memory lane with this rap
I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback
I'm simply stating a fact
I had Wembley Stadium packed
But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast
Another terrorist attacks
Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up, alas
We perish in the blast
But that isn't scaring us, we pass
Nowhere we're fearless, 'cause we're just—

[Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem]
Ashes blowin' in the air
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden)
Forget doin' what you're told (what we're told)

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year-old

[Shit] is soon to go kaboom and blow
Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral
When I'm devisin' this rhyme
'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning
That's why I rise and I shine
Like a new day has dawned on me
Gusto, guts, bravado
Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot
I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle
'Cause some stuff that's awful
Really don't mean nothin' although
There's a lot of 

[shit] I said in jest that's tough to swallow
But if at times my heart it seems
Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve
Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer
Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward
But where we're goin' we have no idea
Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here
I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist
Just one spark and it's lit
But I'ma still get dark on this 

[shit]
Told you I'd leave my mark on this 

[bitch]—war machine
But you forced me in a corner
I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear
And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe
Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu
I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un
And end up ruinin' your career
But when all is said and done
And at the end of my run, I'll just rewind clocks, forever young
Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come
'Til the pine box, 

[bitch, fuck you!] I'm better than I ever was
'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does
But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause
This world's screwed, it's already 

[fucked]
And I'm on top, so everyone's just—

[Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem]
Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
We're never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden)
Forget doin' what you're told (what we're told)
Hands up!

[Post-Chorus: Kehlani]
'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no, goin' no
Goin' nowhere

[Bridge: Eminem]
You can't tell us nothin'
Hard-headed and we're stubborn
So, one ear and out the other
When we're young, we're young
Who knows what the future for us could hold
Another shooter? Uh oh
No more tomorrows, we're done
And all we are is—

[Chorus: Kehlani & & Eminem]
Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah)
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
The skies are black, but our heart's made of gold (golden)
Forget doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere

[Post-Chorus: Kehlani]
Goin' nowhere
We're goin' nowhere fast
He spoke a script
Dipped in the sort of talk to make you keep the gaze
It's all a trick
The slicked back slimy arms have got a war to wage

He's got a laugh like a crackling wire
And he wants to put the bite marks on you
He wants to put the bite marks on you
And he twists my guts

As the only thing that's repelling as his invitations
Are his excuses
And he said "I am the conductor
Put me in a terror pocket"

He did a stint
Master in a craft
He'd squint through his spectacle
He'd drop a dirty hint if he thinks that he could impress you with the unacceptable

And he has turned through all the pages with his fingers
And covered them with goo
And he wants to put the bite marks on you
He wants to put them on you and it hurts my back
Because the only thing that's as heavy as the adoration
Is the days of hanging out on his lawn
And he spilled without a sounding alarm
And he frightened me to death
When he said "I am the conductor
In this room of darkness, I ain't undercover
But that won't stop my prowess rubbing off onto another
Elevating higher as my body's moving lower
Now I'll reach my element, you better move over

But he doesn't, he blocks my way
I try to push past, but he wants to play
So I sip his drink as I hold his gaze

As we erupt into the room
And feel the sub go boom
A feeling easy to resume
This right here, I swear, will end too soon
Sink in to the tune
As I inhale the fumes
A feeling easy to resume
This right here, I swear, will end too soon

My limbs seem to move what the beats dictate to me
I push into the middle, the sound becomes a part of me
Taking me back to that sweet familiarity
Watching my adrenaline rise, I feel the eyes on me
Sip the bottle now, don't be slow
Keep up with me as we lose control
Keep up with me as we lose control

As we erupt into the room
I feel the sub go boom
A feeling easy to resume
This right here, I swear, will end too soon
Sink in to the tune
As I inhale the fumes
A feeling easy to resume
Nigga, free Reese, free Nino
The world is mine like I'm Al Pacino
Got more money than a lil' casino
Got caught fuckin' on a bitch and her boyfriend walked in wearin' full Chinos
Hopped out the back door, ran a four flat
That was like way back
Nowadays I just sit and laugh
Chopstick long as one giraffe
And I'm comin' through, clear the whole path
Walked in the damn spot, it was all females nigga, fucked the whole staff
Goddamn, nigga, too playa
Why you hate? 'Cause I'm too rare
Young nigga, I'm a fresh prince, coulda bought a crib out in Bel Air
Fuckin' on a bitch from Delaware
$30,000 on a new coat, call PETA up, gon' and soak it in
Tag still hangin' from it, had it for a year and I ain't even broke it in
Diamond choker so tight, tried to lift it up, shit did not go over chin
In the studio with Migo gang, everything we make is propane
Call ten bitches from the Blue Flame
Fuck 'em all, we ain't even know their name
Front row at the ball game
Who that is dunkin'? Shit, that's what's his name
I don't even fuckin' watch sports but my backyard like a golf course
Niggas hatin', on my dick and shit, I got more guns than a task force
When I talk, my voice kinda high
Niggas hatin' usually sound kinda hoarse
My ex-bitch is built like a horse, she was 27, I was 19
Shawty there was a real stallion
But I ain't trust her, feel like shawty there was wildin'
Young nigga, bitch, I'm QC, you can see this shit through the gold medallion
After this I'm out to Staten Island, got a young bitch, she be really stallin'
My young nigga tote a dirty K, I call him Dirty Dan, he'll flip your van
Kick your door hard as Jackie Chan
Take your chain right up off your nightstand, lil' nigga

[Hook]
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, I'm the crack selling man
I get muscles in my hand from that fork in the pan
Every gram I got a profit, gotta stick with the plan
I'm the general, niggas follow my chain of command
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, I'm the crack selling man
I get muscles in my hand from that fork in the pan
Every gram I got a profit, gotta stick with the plan
I'm the general, niggas follow my chain of command

[Verse 1]
Though I'm not signed to Universal or Priority
I bet a million Gucci blow up 'fore 2003
I lay my verse with no rehearsal then head back to the street
Don't need no video commercial, just my mic and a beat
And I can't fall off, like a cat, I'm gon' stay on my feet
Pick up a rat and put a track under her passenger seat
I'm a convicted felon trafficking a package of beef
So if the po-po try to snatch me, she gon' catch all the heat
The rap game is overcrowded so I must maintain
Sell a nickel, sell a brick or sell a bitch some game
I keep junkies sucking glass dicks 'cause shits the same
I got junkies burning mad shit for hits of 'cain
Gucci Mane, and I don't really know how to rap
But I know how to cook that cake up, how to fuck up the trap
I know how to weigh that yay up, how to catch any cap
I'm still trapping in Decatur, bitch, that crest on the map

[Hook]
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, I'm the crack selling man
I get muscles in my hand from that fork in the pan
Every gram I got a profit, gotta stick with the plan
I'm the general, niggas follow my chain of command
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, I'm the crack selling man
I get muscles in my hand from that fork in the pan
Every gram I got a profit, gotta stick with the plan
I'm the general, niggas follow my chain of command

[Verse 2]
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, I'm the crack selling man
I get muscles in my hand from that fork in the pan
Every gram I got a profit, gotta stick with the plan
I'm the general, niggas follow my chain of command
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, strapped like a soldier from Afghanistan
My clique be beefing like it's Israel and Pakistan
If it's a drought, we gon' tax you like the cracker man
'cause we love cheese like we die hard Green Bay Packers fans
It's Gucci Mane, the one them crowds can't stand
Busters be smoking bale, I prefer that grown man

[???] straight shooters, they be sayin' "god damn"
I keep them J's mouths numb off that straight drop yam

[Hook]
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, I'm the crack selling man
I get muscles in my hand from that fork in the pan
Every gram I got a profit, gotta stick with the plan
I'm the general, niggas follow my chain of command
Bitch, I'm Gucci Mane, I'm the crack selling man
I get muscles in my hand from that fork in the pan
Every gram I got a profit, gotta stick with the plan
I'm the general, niggas follow my chain of command

[Intro]
Yeah, what up?
I'm tryna put my dick inside of your panties, yeah
And then I take this shit for granted

[Verse 1]
I'm at Rolling Loud, right there, rolling out
Smokin' Backwoods and holdin' bae
(Wheezy Beats)
I was gettin' protected by my savages
Yellow school buses, that's a Xanny
Causin' me to sleep and I ain't plan it (yeehaw!)
I got some jobs all day (jobs all day, yeeh)
Roll out the jar all day (all day)
I be on Mars all day (all day, yeeh)
I'm with the stars all day, uh (all day)
Boss all day (boss all day, yeeh)
Roll up the raw all day (all day)
Babysit your dog all day (all day, yeeh)
'Bout to watch you jog all day

[Chorus]
Like family don't matter
(Oh, oh) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, woah)
(Woah, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, oh)
(Oh, oh, hmmm...) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)

[Verse 2]
Bagged a bad bitch, I got a foreign son
Tommy gun, found a real Tommy gun
I dropped a milli' on my chain like I know Barry Bonds
And I got a head full of hair like I'm from Amazon, uh
Glaze that ass like a candle honey, uh
Ferragamo shower shoes for me, uh
Lightbulb, neck got jewels on it, uh
Like an old school, I got some pull, don't I?
Huh?
Sayin', abracadabra
Abracadabra, kill all you bastards
I don't want no wrassle
The bread ambassador
No nothin' else matter to him
I'm ballin' like Patrick Ewing
Turn up on you bastards
I'm in a Ghost like Casper
Everything go smooth for me like I got my Masters
Fubu Platinum up, birds in the Acura
Albums platinum and up, I'm killin' these bastards

[Chorus]
Like family don't matter
(Oh, oh) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, woah)
(Woah, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, oh)
(Oh, oh, hmmm...) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)

[Verse 3]
Country Billy made a couple milli'
Tryna park the Rolls Royce inside the Piccadilly
Oh, he had a couple stripes actually (of course)
Got another half a milli' in white tees, of course (don't you panic)
Don't you take this shit for granted, don't you panic
When I put my D in your pants, don't you panic
When I catch up with your bitch, you know I'm smashin'
I can put her on her feet, oh, oh head gasket
You gotta tell me what's wrong
I can't wait to deep stroke to the mornin'
'Bout to put my dick in your mouth right when you yawn
You gotta put that puss' on my lips whenever I'm on one
I thank the red doll, so I whip my bum bum
I'm 'bout to fuck somebody girl off this rum, rum (go 'head)
I'm chasin' all of these rats like I was Tom, yeah
But it ain't even matter, I was tryna kill these bastards

[Chorus]
Like family don't matter
(Oh, oh) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, woah)
(Woah, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, oh)
(Oh, oh, hmmm...) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, oh) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, woah)
(Woah, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, oh)
(Oh, oh, hmmm...) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)

[Bridge]
I'm fuckin' with you
Yeah, you know I'm fuckin' with you
Still got the factories on my coupe
Lately, I been lazin', blamin' blue
I kept that bag, swoo
I'm hidin' a futu
My pitbull blue, too
My carpet wool, too
My bitch out Dallas, I'm a maverick
My ear got karats on it
But none of that shit don't matter, I was tryna kill them bastards

[Chorus]
Like family don't matter
(Oh, oh) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, woah)
(Woah, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, oh)
(Oh, oh, hmmm...) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, oh) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
(Oh, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, woah)
(Woah, woah) What's poppin', what's the deal? (woah, oh)
(Oh, oh, hmmm...) What's poppin', what's the deal? (oh, oh)
"Teardrops and Balloons"
A book of poetry
By Mike Posner
Happy 2017
Universe Publishing
Read by me! Mike Posner

Sonic landscaping and music also by me
Trumpets by Matthew Schulman
and production of "The Truth" and "A Song with Pitbull" by OC and Kevin Figs, in conjunction with me

Dr. Wayne Dyer appears courtesy of God... cool
A song with Pitbull

I got an email this morning
It's from a record label ANR
They want me to do a song with Pitbull
My part is already written
They are sure it will be a big hit

Who makes art this way?
I want to move to the mountains
I want to throw frisbees in places I haven't been yet
I want to have sex with men and women I haven't met yet
I want to skydive, I want to sing
I want to hurt people, I want to get hurt by those same people
And pretend like it all matters before I die

But they want me to do a song with Pitbull
Fuck you
We Don't Chew Gum

My girl and I don't chew gum
When we kiss I can taste the bong rips and the red wine she drank before she came over
I can taste the hope and excitement she has mistakenly put on me
I can taste the scars from the men who hurt her
I can taste it all

My girl and I don't chew gum
When we kiss she can taste the protein powder and the black beans cuz I'm tryna get jacked
Silly me
She can taste the groupies I made love to on the road before we met
She can taste the lack of scars cuz I never let anyone close enough
She can taste it all

My girl and I
Chew gum
*=God

* is in the beggar
* is in the thief
* is in the penthouse
* is in the streets
* is in the rose petals
* is in the dew
* is in December
* is in June
* is in the CO2 that's filling up the air
* is in your enemy to whom you wish to spare
* is in the 808s
* is in the flute
and if * is really * then * is in you
Can't Sleep In Germany

I finished the book Dylan gave me and om
It's 3:25AM, I can't sleep
Tomorrow I'm going to talk about myself in interviews
Over and over again
Meanwhile the silence waits patiently
For me to get over myself
Samsara part. II

I didn't have a plan after the money, cars and shows
And the worst part is, I know that she knows
Little Blue Dot

In Toronto it's freezing
In Honduras it's hot
In Detroit there's gun play
In Finland there's not
Our whole lives have been here so most of us forgot
If you look from the moon, we're just a little blue dot

We fight over money and women and land
We fight over ideas that we don't understand
We say that we're things we know that we're not
All part of the play on this little blue dot
UberX Driver

He sits in front of me and swallows his saliva
He fumbles in the cup holder for his chapstick
He puts his chapstick on his lips
He opens up his phone
He picks up his coconut water, unscrews the top and drinks it
He screws the top on, puts it down
He swallows his saliva again
He opens up his phone
He picks up his coconut water, unscrews the top and drinks it
Screws the top on, puts it down
He swallows his saliva again
He is doing many many things in hopes that he will stumble upon the magic combination
A certain ordering of chapstick, coconut water, saliva and saliva swallowing that will crack the code of his unhappiness and make him feel better
Meanwhile, I sit in meditation behind him, waiting for him to finish
Don't Ask The Sun to Shine More Like The Moon
Read by Dr. Wayne Dyer
Rest in Peace

'If I told you I believe in more than I can see,
Would you call me crazy?
If I said I could do anything I wanted to,
Would you say it's gone to my head?
If I told you I believed that you and I,
We are more than bundles of hearts and organs
We are notes from an organ with more keys than we can imagine
Strands in a spiderweb spinning through infinity
What would you think of me then?
Because I do and sometimes they try to change me to somebody new
To which I say, Don't ask the sun to shine more like the moon'
Quotes pt. II

"I sold my cleverness and bought bewilderment"
Rumi said that

"I went from negative to positive"
Biggie said that

I don't know why God whispers these melodies in my ears but of course, I repeat them to you
Dating

I asked her for her name and she drew a line between us
It has become my job to tip-toe as close as I can to that line without crossing
It's a game you love watching me play but you'd never
Gratitude

My band teachers' name was Mr. Z
And he told me quote, 'You ain't shit', end quote
But it wasn't 'till I heard that that I quit
And bought that motif, made them dope beats
Turned that old car to this window seat
But it all makes sense
Now God gives me hits every time I burn incense
Don't that make you so insense?
Mr Z
Woo I blew up and ain't visit your class since
But wait, I didn't write this to say I told you so
Because without you I never would've sold out shows
I thought that was worth a page or two
Dear Mr. Z, this is dedicated to you
Gratitude, thank you

Dad called when Uncle Fred died
I didn't want my mom to see me cry so I got 'em all out on the flight back
People lookin' at me funny, it's like that
See, Uncle Fred, he was a good guy
He was proud when I started to win
My Aunt told me that he loved me and I swear to god, she gave me one of his pens
I mean the same pen that I wrote this song with
The same pen that I'm 'bout to put the team on with
'Cause he keeps giving me dope shit
And people keep on telling me 'Mike, you're so sick'
I hope that's enough to change your mood
Transform a Michigan sky from grey to blue
I thought that was worth a page or two
Dear Uncle Fred, this is dedicated to you
Gratitude, thank you
His friends could never pay you back, shit
Most of my friends never had no dads
And before we knew I had a sick style
You used to drive me to the studio to rap on 6 mile
You showed me that a real man ain't afraid because he hugs, kisses, and cries
April to April, stays faithful, loves, listens and tries
So when I do find Mrs. Right, you best believe that my game gon' be zipper tight
Like you're still making mom breakfast every morning
You start her car up in the winter when it's snowing
Remember when you broke it down in New Orleans
I didn't tell you I had my phone recording
I said 'why'd you marry mom and you said;

"It was a really hard decision and then it was,"
"So why did you make that decision?"
"Well, cause I, obviously intuitively Michael, I knew I loved mom"
"Your instincts, show her your heart and knew this is the right thing to do"
"My heart must have known. This was playing games"
"Would you say your hearts more important in life?"
"Well when you're 25, you'll have to make that decision someday, I don't know"
Now that is some G shit
When my son's 25, I'll show him this poem, he's gon' need this
I thought that was worth a page or two
Dear Dad, this is dedicated to you
Gratitude, thank you
Hate Mail

From Patrick Hickey
'Anyone else wish Mike Posner would just fuck off?'

From Em T
'Wait, Mike Posner has fans?'

From Ryan Shepherd
'That Mike Posner song is possibly the worst song I've ever heard in my life'

From Lindsey Paulk
'Mike Posner is such a sell out'

From Tanya Glenn
'Mike Posner writes the stupidest songs'

Chloe Kerr
'Mike Posner, give up already'

I Dalton
'Why the fuck do I have 'Please Don't Go - Mike Posner' flowing through my head? Like fuck off already'
From Zara Larsson
'I took a pill in Ibiza to show Avicii I was cool, hahaha that line is so motherfucking dark and lame'

From Ron Button
'Mike Posner song is terrible, I definitely think I'm cooler than him now'

From Dylan Orguay
'Ok Mike Posner, die'

From Riley Bata- Batallini
'Congrats Mike Posner, you might've put out one of the worst songs ever'

From Mr. Ramirez
'Mike Posner ain't no damn celebrity, that was just some college nigga with a lil buzz'

From IAmRyanMichaelson
'Took a pill in Ibiza is a horrible song, yes it is'

From Jesse Martin
'Mike Posner is sleazy but I'm glad his- but I like his music and I'm glad he's back, I used to listen to his myspace on repeat in dorm'

From Ju Chanes
'Remember Mike Posner? Me neither'

From Luffy
'Mike Posner sounds like Justin Timberlake swallowed a trumpet'
From Hayley
'Mike Posner used to be bae as fuck now he's so ugly'
Masks pt. II

I walked the red carpet today
Felt out of place, inadequate, out of place and unloved
So I wore a mask

Walked the red carpet six years ago
I felt out of place, inadequate, out of place and unloved
So I wore a mask
It looked like this, mm
Alone in the City pt. III

I dip dive into a Michigan lake only to fly straight up
Water is dripping from my body like one of those corny glamour shots of a model getting out of a pool
Only it is not a corny glamour shot of a model getting out of a pool
It is real and it is me, flying straight up
When you're this high, the constellations of city lights are clearly path marks on Gods cheeks
That much is obvious to you
Why hadn't you seen it before? Too close?
Not close enough

The plane lands and a man waits for you at baggage claim
With your middle name on a sign
Your assistant has advised the driver to put your middle name on the sign instead of Posner
This way, fans won't suspect you are coming, congregate and ask for pictures and autographs upon your arrival
This is not actual problem in your life, fans almost never wait for you at airport baggage claims
This is a system you put in place for a problem you wished you had
The driver takes you to your parents house in the suburbs
Your mother answers the door, your father is in the hospital
He has a tumour the size of a tangerine lodged in his forehead
They're gonna cut his head open today and take the tumour out
Here you are again
Alone in the city
A New York City Memory I Remembered in Punta Cana

On the corner of 42nd and some other street, I watched it all happening
There were buses, strollers and horns bleeding out of cars like notes from organs in conflicting keys
Cars wrapped around people like unopened Christmas gifts that nobody wanted
Nobody but me

I laid a blanket of silence over the noise
And suddenly it was all beautiful
It was all perfect
It was all exactly what it was,
A curtain in front of the stage pretending to be the show
Tear Drops and Balloons

I fly over Nova Scotia, I swim the ocean blue
I land in New Orleans and eat a Po' Boy or two
I am not the person people expect me to be
I am not warm, I am not over and I am not in between
I'm living in my car now, I sold all my stuff
Not because I needed money, because I had too much
I'm writing this in a notebook that no one will ever read
So why am I still pretending I'm who they'd think I'd be?
I am in between the margins, these words are just my clothes
That I wear to cover up what I want no one to know
Jungle Green, Magenta, and Underwater Blue
I love every single colour, tear drops and balloons

[Intro: Big Freedia & Lauryn Hill]
I wanna know who mothafuckin' representin' in here tonight
Hold on, hold on
I keep lettin' you back in (You back in)
How can I explain myself?

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill & Drake]
Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
(Lil Weezyana shit)
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
(Murda on the beat)
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?
Care for me, care for me, I know you care for me
(A song for y'all to cut up to, you know?)
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me (Yeah)
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?

[Verse 1: Drake]
Everybody get your mothafuckin' roll on
I know shorty and she doesn't want no slow song
Had a man last year, life goes on
Haven't let that thing loose, girl, in so long
You've been inside, know you like to lay low
I've been peepin' what you bringin' to the table
Workin' hard, girl, everything paid for
First-last, phone bill, car note, cable
With your phone out, gotta hit them angles
With your phone out, snappin' like you Fabo
And you showin' off, but it's alright
And you showin' off, but it's alright (Alright!)
It's a short life, yeah

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill]
Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?

[Refrain: Drake]
That's a real one in your reflection
Without a follow, without a mention
You really pipin' up on these niggas
You gotta be nice for what to these niggas?

[Verse 2: Drake]
I understand, you got a hunnid bands
You got a baby Benz, you got some bad friends
High school pics, you was even bad then
You ain't stressin' off no lover in the past tense
You already had them
Work at 8 A.M., finish 'round five
Hoes talk down, you don't see 'em outside
Yeah, they don't really be the same offline
You know dark days, you know hard times
Doin' overtime for the last month
Saturday, call the girls, get 'em gassed up
Gotta hit the club, gotta make that ass jump
Gotta hit the club like you hit them mothafuckin' angles
With your phone out, snappin' like you Fabo
And you showin' off, but it's alright
And you showin' off, but it's alright (Alright!)
It's a short life

[Bridge: Big Freedia & Letitia Wright]
Uh-huh (Oh yeah)
These hoes (They mad)
Your boy (I had)
I made (Watch the breakdown)

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill]
Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?

[Breakdown: Drake]
Gotta make that jump, gotta make that, gotta, gotta make that
Gotta make that jump, gotta make that, gotta, gotta make that
Gotta, gotta, gotta g-g-gotta, g-g-gotta, gotta
Gotta, g-g-gotta, gotta, gotta make that jump, jump (Let's go)
Bend it over, lift it up, bend it over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, lift it up, bend it over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, over, over, over, over, lift it up
Make that jump, jump
Bend it over, lift it up (Make that jump, jump)
Bend it over, lift it up (Make that jump, jump)

[Refrain: Drake]
That's a real one in your reflection
Without a follow, without a mention
You really pipin' up on these niggas
You gotta be nice for what to these niggas?
I understand

[Chorus: Lauryn Hill]
Care for me, care for me, you said you'd care for me
There for me, there for me, said you'd be there for me
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd cry for me

[Outro: Drake & Lauryn Hill]
Gotta hit the club like you hit them, hit them, hit them angles
(BlaqNmilD, you a genius, you diggin' me?)
It's a short life, yeah
Cry for me, cry for me, you said you'd die for me
Give to me, give to me, why won't you live for me?

[Verse 1]
I got your letter
I don't feel better
I got your letter but I'm sending it back
How do you break the news like that
So I'm sending it back

[Verse 2]
I got your number
Lay here and wonder
Why you won't hit me back
How are you gonna do me like that
So I won't hit you back

[Chorus]
Is this what you wanted
You got what you wanted
Why are you so whack
Give me a heart attack

[Verse 3]
I got your message
Sit here depressed
I got your message and I'm sending one back
My life came with a great big crack
So I'm sending it back

[Chorus]
Is this what you wanted
You got what you wanted
Why are you so whack
Give me a heart attack

[Verse 1]
Go ahead, drive the nails through my hand
Laugh at me where you stand
Go ahead, say it isn't me
But the day will come
That you will see

[Chorus]
'Cause I'll rise again
Ain't no power on Earth can tie me down
Yes, I'll rise again
Death can't keep me buried in the ground

[Verse 2]
Go ahead and mock my name
You will see, I'm still the same
Go ahead, try to bury me
Very, very soon
I will be free

[Chorus]
'Cause I'll rise again
Ain't no power on Earth can tie me now
And I'll rise again
Death can't keep me buried in the ground

[Verse 3]
Go ahead, say I'm dead and gone
You will see that you were wrong
Go ahead, try to hide the Son
But the day will come
When you'll see I'm the one

[Chorus]
'Cause I'll rise again
Ain't no power on Earth can tie me down
Yes, I'll rise again
Death can't keep me buried in the ground

[Chorus]
Are you feeling lucky tonight?
Marilyn, Marilyn, Marilyn
Marilyn, Marilyn, Marilyn, Marilyn
Are you wearing nothing tonight, Marilyn?
Marilyn, Marilyn
Marilyn, Marilyn
Marilyn
Are you blessing somebody tonight?
Are you blessing?

[Bridge]
Have you ever seen Downtown New Orleans? That’s  where I'm from
That's were I've been, where I was made
Somewhere laying in between

[Chorus]
Marilyn, Marilyn
Marilyn, Marilyn

[Intro: Rihanna]
We found love

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine
What it takes to come alive

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: DJ Chuckie]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Shine a light through an open door
Love and life, I will divide
Turn away cause I need you more
Feel the heartbeat in my mind

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: DJ Chuckie]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Intro: Rihanna]
We found love

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love
We found love

[Drop: DJ Chuckie]

[Rihanna]
Shine a light through an open door

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love
We found love

[Drop: DJ Chuckie]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love
We found love

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine
What it takes to come alive

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: Cahill]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Shine a light through an open door
Love and life, I will divide
Turn away cause I need you more
Feel the heartbeat in my mind

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Bridge: Rihanna]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: Cahill]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Intro: Rihanna]
In a hopeless place

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine
What it takes to come alive

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: Cahill]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Shine a light through an open door
Love and life, I will divide
Turn away cause I need you more
Feel the heartbeat in my mind

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Bridge: Rihanna]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: Cahill]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
In a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
In a hopeless place
In a hopeless place

[Intro: Rihanna]
In a hopeless place

[Drop: Cahill]

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Shine a light through an open door
Love and life, I will divide
Turn away cause I need you more
Feel the heartbeat in my mind

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: Cahill]

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
In a hopeless place
In a hopeless place

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine
What it takes to come alive

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: R3hab]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Shine a light through an open door
Love and life, I will divide
Turn away cause I need you more
Feel the heartbeat in my mind

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: R3hab]

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine
What it takes to come alive

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: R3hab]

[Verse 2: Rihanna]
Shine a light through an open door
Love and life, I will divide
Turn away cause I need you more
Feel the heartbeat in my mind

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Drop: R3hab]

[Intro: Rihanna]
We found love
We found love
We found love

[Verse: Black Cards]
Yellow diamonds in the light
And we're standing side by side
As your shadow crosses mine
What it takes to come alive

[Pre-Chorus: Rihanna]
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny
But I've gotta let it go

[Chorus: Rihanna]
We found love in a
We found
We found love in a
We found love, love
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place
We found love in a hopeless place

[Outro: Rihanna]
We found love
We found love
We found love
We found love
We found love
We found love
We found love
We found love
Hey Diddle Diddle
Love me just a little
Please baby say you will
Little boy blue
That's me without you
'Cause you know how you make me feel

C'mon and love me
C'mon and love me baby
C'mon and love me, baby
C'mon and love me baby

Just like an apple
Hanging on a tree
Won't you come by and pick me off

Please don't wait too long
Pretty soon I might be gone
I might fall off and I'll be lost

C'mon and love me
C'mon and love me baby
C'mon and love me
C'mon and love me baby
Hey Diddle Diddle
Love me just a little
Please baby say you will
Little boy blue
That's me without you
'Cause you know how you make me feel

I'm in misery
From this tortury
Won't you look in my eyes and see
That I'm in distress
From this loneliness
Truly your love is what I need
Oh
Oh baby

Just like
Over on the corner
About to get down on my knees
Beggin' Mary, Mary
Don't be contrary
Give my heart all the love it needs

C'mon and love me
C'mon and love me baby
Put it on me, baby
Put it on me, baby
Hey Diddle Diddle
Love me just a little
Please baby say you will
Little boy blue
That's me without you
'Cause you know how you make me feel

Like jello on a plate
I shiver and I shake
Every time that you come near
Hey Diddle Diddle
Love me just a little
I worry about you
When you're gone I get blue
So darling take care
I worry about you

I'm home every night
Wondering if you're alright
I knew when we met
That I'd worry about

You matter to me so much
I don't know
My heart's in your hands
Wherever you go

Whatever you do
Come on home when you're through
You're mine, don't forget
I worry about you

Honey, you, you, you matter to me
So, so, so much
I don't know
My heart's in your hands
Wherever you go
Whatever you do
Baby, come on home when you're through
You're mine, don't forget
I worry about you
Oh, baby
Honey, I worry
Oh, yeah

When you're out of my sight
I worry
Each and every night
I worry
Oh, baby
I can't help myself
I wanna be closer
Closer to your heart
'Cause last night I dreamed
That we were drifting apart

Now I beg you
Darling please
Say you will
Set my mind at ease
I wanna be closer

[Closer to your heart]

Let me closer
Closer to your kiss
For without it, my darling
I couldn't exist

Oh, I beg you
Darling please
Say you will
Set my mind at ease
I wanna be closer

[Closer to your kiss]
Oh wee, honey yeah

[Background]
Closer
Closer
Closer
Closer
Closer to your heart
Closer to your heart

I wanna be closer
Closer to your embrace
That's where I long to be forever
Any time or any place

I'm begging you
Darling please
Say you will
Set my mind at ease
Let me be closer
Closer to your heart

Closer to your heart
Just a little bit closer
Closer to your heart
I'm heading
Heading your direction
I'm looking for
Love and some affection
Let me closer baby
Just a little closer
Darling let me closer
Oh well, I'm the kind of guy that always needs
Somebody
Oh well, I'm the kind of guy that tries to keep me
Someone
Oh, somebody

Someone to walk with
To talk with
Tell all my troubles to
Somebody

Hey angel
Won't you tell me when you
When you get ready
I'll give you love
Love like you never had before

[I'll make you happy]
I'll give you everything I got
If you tell me that you'll be my

[Someone]
I'll give you everything I got
Oh, yeah

Have you ever had a feeling that you wanna hold

[Someone]
Somebody
Baby I got that feeling, I got to hold

[Someone]
Somebody

Someone to stand by me
Try me
I'll never let you down
Now that you've won me
I hope that you'll remember how
Don't you forget it (no, baby)
Because you know I love you now
Keep on being sweet and kind in the same old way
Keep on saying that you're mine, each and every day

Now that you've won me
Now that you've won me

Now that you've got me
I hope the heartaches don't begin
I hope my heart was not just a bet you had to win
Keep on kissing me day and night
Don't you ever change
Keep holding me tight
Don't you dare start acting strange

Now that you've won me
Now that you've got me
I felt it quite a while ago, but I had to say "no"
I wouldn't admit it to myself
But I guess it's right that the truth comes to the light
I'll admit, this is it, baby
I'll admit, this is it

Now that I'm yours
I hope you keep me for you own
Don't misuse me and then leave me all alone
Keep on saying the things that you said when we first met
I hope you still remember them
I hope you don't forget

Now that you've won me
Now that I'm yours
Now that you've got me
Now that you've won me
Now that I'm yours
Now that you've got me
Baby if you're walking down on a one way road
And heartaches are your heavy load
Don't you let it get you down
It's time to start looking around
And if you're looking for sincerity
C'mon girl look at me
If love's treated you unkind
I'm gonna make things right this time

If your poor heart has turned cold
C'mon
C'mon try my true love
If things got out of control
Baby try my true love

Honey don't lock your heart inside
A heart should always feel alive
With happiness flowing free
Full of love and never, never empty

So leave all the doubt behind
Reach out for love, try to find
Don't look back and be misled
Take my hand, future lies ahead
Oh baby
If you're looking for love and can't find it
C'mon try my true love

Don't let happiness pass you by
Take a step forward baby
You got to try
Honey you got to try

Put your heart in my hand
And I'll help you to understand
That darkness can be the light
If you go about it right

There's no need to be apart
I'll be waiting with open arms

If you leave past behind you
C'mon try my true love
If you're looking for love and can't find it
C'mon try my true love
If you are walking down a one way road
C'mon try my true love
It don't take much
Don't take much
Yeah to keep me
No, not much

Just your touch
Just your tenderness
Just your sweet caress
Oh

Just the pleasure of your company
When I feel a little lonely, to comfort me
Just to to call you and know you are there
Take me through my day, oh without a care
If you worry about me leaving
Throw it out of your mind
Just as long as you want me I'll be right by your side

Oh, it don't take much
Just your touch
Yeah to keep me
Baby you got it
You got it baby
Got what it takes
It takes to keep me
To keep me
When the days go by and I don't see you darling
I might start to complain
But all you gotta do is talk to me sweet and plain
Let me know your love remains
Just say you need me, like I need you
That's enough to carry me through

You are my world
You are my everything
You're all my eyes can see
You're such a part of me

It's the little things you do
That keeps me loving you
It ain't what you do
It's the sweet way you do it
It ain't what you saying
Is the sweet way you're saying
Just let me know you're standing by
To what my eyes, I'll be satisfied

You are my world, you are my everything
You are all my eyes can see
Oh baby, you are such a part of me

Don't take much
No not much
Yeah to keep me
Baby you got it
I know you got it
You know you got it baby
Got what it takes
It takes to keep me
To keep me
Just your tenderness
That's enough baby

[Verse 1]
Wise men say
Looks like rain today
Crackled on the speakers
And trickled down the steepy subway trains
Heavy eyes could hardly hold us
Aching legs that often told us
It's all worth it
We all fall in love sometimes

[Verse 2]
The full moon's bright
Starlight filled the evening
We wrote it and I played it
Something's happened
It's so strange this feeling

Naive notions that were childish
Simple tunes that tried to hide it
But when it comes
We all fall in love sometimes

[Chorus]
Did we, didn't we, should we, couldn't we
I'm not sure 'cause sometimes we're so blind
Struggling through the day
When even your best friend says:
"Don't you find
We all fall in love sometimes?"

[Verse 3]
Wise men say
Looks like rain today
Crackled on the speakers
Trickled down the sleepy subway trains
Heavy eyes could hardly hold us
Aching legs that often told us
It's all worth it
We all fall in love sometimes

[Outro]
We all fall in love sometimes
We all fall in love sometimes
We all fall in love, sometimes

[Verse 1]
When I think of those East End lights, muggy nights
The curtains drawn in the little room downstairs
Prima Donna lord you really should have been there
Sitting like a princess perched in her electric chair
And it's one more beer and I don't hear you anymore
We've all gone crazy lately
My friends out there rolling round the basement floor

[Chorus 1]
And someone saved my life tonight sugar bear
(Sugar bear)
You almost had your hooks in me didn't you dear
You nearly had me roped and tied
Altar-bound, hypnotized
Sweet freedom whispered in my ear
You're a butterfly
And butterflies are free to fly
Fly away
High away
Bye bye
(Ooh)

[Verse 2]
I never realized the passing hours of evening showers
A slip noose hanging in my darkest dreams
I'm strangled by your haunted social scene
Just a pawn out-played by a dominating queen
It's four o'clock in the morning
Damn it! Listen to me good
I'm sleeping with myself tonight
Saved in time, thank God my music's still alive
(Oh!)

[Chorus 2]
And someone saved my life tonight, sugar bear
(Sugar bear, sugar bear, sugar bear)
You almost had your hooks in me
Didn't you, dear?
You nearly had me roped and tied
Altar-bound, hypnotized
Sweet freedom whispered in my ear
You're a butterfly
And butterflies are free to fly
Fly away
High away
Bye-bye
(Ooh)

[Bridge]
And I would have walked head on
Into the deep end of the river
Clinging to your stocks and bonds
Paying your H.P. demands forever
They're coming in the morning with a truck to take me home

Someone saved my life tonight
Someone saved my life tonight
Someone saved my life tonight
Someone saved my life tonight
Someone saved my life tonight
So save your strength and run the field you play alone

[Chorus 3]
And someone saved my life tonight sugar bear
(Sugar bear, sugar bear, sugar bear)
You almost had your hooks in me
Didn't you, dear?
You nearly had me roped and tied
Altar-bound, hypnotized
Sweet freedom whispered in my ear
You're a butterfly
And butterflies are free to fly
Fly away
High away
Bye-bye

[Outro]
Someone saved, someone saved
Someone saved my life tonight
(Someone saved my life tonight)
Someone saved, someone saved
Someone saved my life tonight
(Someone saved my life tonight)
Someone saved, someone saved
Someone saved my life tonight
(Someone saved my life tonight)
Someone saved, someone saved
Someone saved my life tonight
(Someone saved my life tonight)
Someone saved, someone saved
Someone saved my life tonight
(Someone saved my life tonight)
Someone saved, someone saved
Someone saved my life tonight
(Someone saved my life tonight)
Someone saved, someone saved
Someone saved my life tonight
(Someone saved my life tonight)

[Chorus]
Daniel is traveling tonight on a plane
I can see the red tail lights heading for Spain
Oh and I can see Daniel waving goodbye
God it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eyes

[Verse 1]
They say Spain is pretty though I've never been
Well Daniel says it's the best place that he's ever seen, oh
He should know, he's been there enough
Lord I miss Daniel, oh I miss him so much, oh

[Chorus]
Daniel my brother, you are older than me
Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal?
Your eyes have died but you see more than I
Daniel you're a star in the face of the sky

Ohh, hmm

[Chorus]
Oh Daniel my brother, you are older than me
Do you still feel the pain of the scars that won't heal?
Your eyes have died but you see more than I
Daniel you're a star in the face of the sky

[Outro]
Daniel is traveling tonight on a plane
I can see the red tail lights heading for Spain
And I can see Daniel waving goodbye
God it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eye
God it looks like Daniel, must be the clouds in my eye

[Verse 1]
I can't light no more of your darkness
All my pictures seem to fade to black and white
I'm growing tired and time stands still before me
Frozen here on the ladder of my life
Too late to save myself from falling
I took a chance and changed your way of life
But you misread my meaning when I met you
Closed the door and left me blinded by the light

[Chorus]
Don't let the sun go down on me
Although I search myself, it's always someone else I see
I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free
But losing everything is like the sun going down on me

[Verse 2]
I can't find, oh the right romantic line
But see me once (see me once) and see the way I feel, oh
Don't discard me just because you think I mean you harm
But these cuts I have, oh they need love to help them heal
Ohh

[Chorus]
Don't let the sun go down on me
Although I search myself, it's always someone else I see
I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free
But losing everything is like the sun going down on me
(Don't let the sun go down on me)
Don't let the sun go down on me
Although I search myself, it's always someone else I see
I'd just allow a fragment of your life to wander free
But losing everything is like the sun going down on me
Don't let the sun, the sun...

[Intro: T-Pain]
Look at the booty, you got on you, toot toot
That booty, you got on you, toot toot
Look at the booty, you got on you, toot toot
Look at the booty, you got on you, toot toot
Look at the booty, you got on you, toot toot
That booty, you got on you, toot toot
Look at the booty, you got on you, toot toot (woo)
Look at the booty, you got on you, toot toot

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Yeah, toot toot
Oh, girl, I wanna see you, twerk
I'ma make that pussy, squirt
If you scared, go to, church
Toot toot
Uh, get all up in that, skirt
Coming all over your, shirt
Put the pussy in the, dirt
Toot toot
Oh, I love that booty
Hammer dance on the booty
Don't you put pants on the booty, oh no
Toot toot
Uh, and I miss that booty, yeah
Might need to kiss that booty, yeah
Would you let a nigga hit that booty? Oh no

[Verse 1: T-Pain]
You gotta see this bitch try to put regular pants on (girl, where them leggings?)
Impossible booty, yeah
I get my dance on
My dick hit that funk right on top of that booty (brrrr)
She get on the wave
Ain't no stopping that booty (hol' up)
She tryna get saved
I put my choppers on duty
Toot toot
Put that booty on YouTube
Get a million and two views, ooh, ooh
Toot toot
Boop, boop
Pop it, drop it, stop it, pop it
If I T-Mix on your shit, I'm a motherfuckin' rocket

[Chorus: T-Pain]
Yeah, toot toot
Oh, girl, I wanna see you, twerk
I'ma make that pussy, squirt
If you scared, go to, church
Toot toot
Uh, get all up in that, skirt
Coming all over your, shirt
Put the pussy in the, dirt
Toot toot
Oh, I love that booty
Hammer dance on the booty
Don't you put pants on the booty, oh no
Toot toot
Uh, and I miss that booty, yeah
Might need to kiss that booty, yeah
Would you let a nigga hit that booty? Oh no

[Verse 2: Blac Youngsta]
Bounce that booty on the floor (shake)
Shake it 'til you get a lil sore (shake)
Show 'em your mama made a ho (shake, twerk twerk)
Go'n 'head, get a little low (shake)
Shake that booty in the car (shake)
Shake that booty in the store (shake)
(Twerk twerk, shake)
Pop it, stop it, drop it, pop it
If I hit Alexis Skyy, I'ma motherfuckin' rock it (twerk twerk, shake)
I ain't got no fucking heart
I can't be loyal to you whore
You weren't here from the start (twerk twerk)

[Chorus: Blac Youngsta]
(Twerk twerk), twerk
Girl I wanna see you twerk
I'll throw a lil money if you twerk
I don't really think you can twerk
(Twerk twerk), twerk
If you broke, go to work
Make that big booty twerk
Make that big booty twerk
(Twerk twerk)
Can I touch that booty?
That booty, that big old booty?
Shake that booty, can I lay on the booty?
Mike Tyson on the booty
Copyright that booty (twerk twerk)

[Verse 3: Young Cash]
If I see that out, be your one and only
Promise, promise, I will never leave that booty lonely
I wouldn't cheat with that booty, it's big, what to do with that booty?
Make me a mill like that booty, put a lil pill in that booty
We rolling in the strip club, swerving my car
Like it's stolen, she's sitting on my lap with all of these ones
My dick growing, tell the barmaid to bring another drink
And keep pouring, just keep pouring
Tryna get that booty drunk (drunk)
She say you got me lit (got me lit)
Weed and straight Hennessy
None of that Bill Cosby shit
And you're bouncing that booty so good
I just might make you my main thot (my thot)
That booty so round and soft
I could kill that if it's fake, girl, or not, that booty

[Chorus: Blac Youngsta]
(Twerk twerk), twerk
Girl I wanna see you twerk
I'll throw a lil money if you twerk
I don't really think you can twerk
(Twerk twerk), twerk
If you broke, go to work
Make that big booty twerk
Make that big booty twerk
(Twerk twerk)
Can I touch that booty?
That booty, that big old booty?
Shake that booty, can I lay on the booty?
Mike Tyson on the booty
Copyright that booty (twerk twerk)

[Intro: Mike Shinoda]
So, what do you think?

[Verse 1: Mike Shinoda, Mike Shinoda & Chester Bennington]
What do I do to ignore what's behind me?
Do I follow my fate to escape blindly?
Do I hide my pride away from these bad dreams
And give in to sad thoughts that are maddening?
Do I let it go and try to stand it?
Or do I try to catch them red-handed?
Do I trust some and get fooled by phoniness?
Or do I trust none and live life in loneliness?
The sunlight burns the skin of sleeping men
I make the right turns but I'm lost within
I put on my daily façade but then
I just end up getting hurt again

[Pre-Chorus: Mike Shinoda & Chester Bennington]
By myself (Myself), I ask why
But in my mind, I find I can't rely on myself
(Myself), I ask why
But in my mind, I find I can't rely on myself

[Chorus: Chester Bennington & Mike Shinoda]
I can't hold on to what I want when I'm stretched so thin
It's all too much to take in
I can't hold on put in against you, I can't win
With thoughts of failure sinking in

[Verse 2: Mike Shinoda, Mike Shinoda & Chester Bennington]
If I turn my back, I'm defenseless
And to give in to fate seems senseless
If I hide my pride, I lie sleepless
And won't be able to cope with my weakness
If I let them go, I'll be outdone
But if I try to catch them I'll be outrun
If I'm killed by the questions like a cancer
Then I'll be buried in the silence of the answer by myself

[Pre-Chorus: Mike Shinoda & Chester Bennington]
By myself (Myself), I ask why
But in my mind, I find I can't rely on myself
(Myself), I ask why
But in my mind, I find I can't rely on myself

[Chorus: Chester Bennington & Mike Shinoda]
I can't hold on to what I want when I'm stretched so thin
It's all too much to take in
I can't hold on put in against you, I can't win
With thoughts of failure sinking in

[Interlude: Mike Shinoda]
How do you think that I've lost so much
Always afraid that I'm out of touch
How do you expect I'll know what to do
When all I know is what you tell me to

[Bridge: Mike Shinoda & Chester Bennington]
Don't you know
I can't tell you how to make it go
No matter what I do, how hard I try
I can't seem to convince myself why
I'm stuck on the outside
Don't you know
I can't tell you how to make it go
No matter what I do, how hard I try
I can't seem to convince myself why
I'm stuck on the outside

[Chorus: Chester Bennington & Mike Shinoda]
I can't hold on to what I want when I'm stretched so thin
It's all too much to take in
I can't hold on put in against you, I can't win
With thoughts of failure sinking in
I can't hold on to what I want when I'm stretched so thin
It's all too much to take in
I can't hold on put in against me, I can't win
With thoughts of failure from with-

[Verse 1]
Sometimes you dream, sometimes it seems
There's nothing there at all
You just seem older than yesterday
And you're waiting for tomorrow to call
So, you draw to the curtains and one thing's for certain
You're cozy in your little room
The carpet's all paid for, God bless the TV
Let's go shoot a hole in the moon

[Chorus]
Oh, and Roy Rogers is riding tonight
Returning to our silver screens
Comic book characters never grow old
Evergreen heroes whose stories were told
Oh, the great sequin cowboy who sings of the plains
Of roundups and rustlers and home on the range
Turn on the TV, shut out the lights
Roy Rogers is riding tonight

[Verse 2]
Nine o'clock mornings, and five o'clock evenings
I'd liven up the pace if I could
Oh, I'd rather have a ham on my sandwich than cheese
But complaining wouldn't do you no good
So I laid my chair, close my eyes and think clear
I can hear hoof-beats ahead
'Cause Roy and Trigger have just hit the hilltop
And everyone else is in bed

[Chorus]
Oh, and Roy Rogers is riding tonight
Returning to our silver screens
Comic book characters never grow old
Evergreen heroes whose stories were told
Oh, the great sequin cowboy who sings of the plains
Of roundups and rustlers and home on the range
So turn on the TV, and shut out the lights
Roy Rogers is riding tonight
Tonight

[Outro]
Turn on the TV, and shut out the lights
Roy Rogers is riding tonight

[Verse 1]
I was stopped in London when I felt it coming down
Crashing all around me with a great triumphant sound
Like the dam was breaking and my mind came rushing in
I was stopped in London, oh, I was awakening, I was

[Verse 2]
I was o'er in Paris when I almost ran away
Two times 'round the block before I decided to stay
Puffed along a cigarette that went and made me sick
Spent another day pretending I was over it

[Chorus]
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm (Back in my body)
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm back in my body, oh
I'm back in my body, oh

[Verse 3]
And all along the highway, there's a tiny whispering sound
Saying I could find you in the dark of any town
But all that I am hearing in the poem of my mind
Are silent twisted words finding their way in every line

[Refrain]
Oh, this time
Oh, this time

[Chorus]
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm (Back in my body)
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm (Back in my body)
Lost you in the border town of anywhere
I found myself when I was going everywhere (Back in my body)
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm

[Break]
(Back in my body)
(Back in my body)
(Back in my body)

[Bridge]
Oh, this time, oh, this time
Oh, this time, oh, this time
Oh, this time, oh, this time
Oh, this time, oh, this time

[Chorus]
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm (Back in my body)
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm (Back in my body)
Lost you in the border town of anywhere
I found myself when I was going everywhere
This time, I know I'm fighting
This time, I know I'm back in my body, oh
I'm back in my body, oh
I'm back in my body, oh
Back in my body, oh, oh

[Prayer]
Father, we pray this morning for the spirit of wisdom and revelation, and the knowledge of Jesus Christ
We thank You and we pray for the sick, the shut-in
We pray for the young people, we pray for the babies
We pray for everyone that's sick this morning
Everyone that's lost this morning
In the name of Jesus, we thank You
Hallelujah, we thank You for Your love, we thank You for Your power, thank You
For You are greater than all

[Chorus]
Satan, the Lord rebuke you
Satan, the Lord rebuke you
Satan, the Lord rebuke you
He's defeated again

[Verse 1: John P. Kee]
Changed my hustle to witness
All the things I did wrong
Gave me a brand new message -
Gave me a brand new song
So now I can't be threatened
By the drama and the tricks you bring
For I will not be defeated -
For there is joy in the song that I sing

[Chorus]
(Satan)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Oh Satan)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Satan, the Lord Rebuke you)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Ooh, yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah)
He's defeated (defeated) again (again - everybody)

Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Ooh, Satan the Lord rebuke ya')
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Rebuke you, yeah)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (You are defeated)
He's defeated again. (again - listen)

[Verse 2]
Open your ears - open your eyes
Everything you're trying to do
You gotta know, gotta reinvent it
(or we will) never gain and introduce to you. (oh my)
The enemy promised (enemy, he promised) said he promised
He'll steal and destroy
But the Bible says, no weapon formed against me
Will prosper or take my joy!
My joy!

[Chorus]
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Wooh! Satan, the Lord rebuke you.)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Hah, Ooh, Satan)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Rebuke you - yeah)
He's defeated again. (Defeated wooh - everybody sing)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (He is)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (He's rebuked in here, he is)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Yo Snoop, y'all break it down for me)

[Bridge]
He's defeated (Can I get a real witness in here)
He's defeated (Now I don't look like the things I been through, somebody help me)
He's defeated (Can you grab somebody's hand and rock with me, good evening)
He's defeated (I need a few of the holies to open your mouth and say it with me - oh!)

He's defeated (I don't fear the terror by night)
He's defeated (Nor do I fear the arrow by day, uh huh)
He's defeated (Jesus made me a promise)
He's defeated (He has all power in His hand)

He's defeated again!

(Oh Lord, we rebuke the devourer and deceiver...)

[Intro: Beyoncé & Consequence]
Damn that was so good I wanna buy him a short set
Uh, Uh, Cha'ya
Uh, Uh. It's the Cons' fool
Wor', wor', wor'

[Verse 1: Consequence]
I punch out hits, like Sugar Shane the new suga the game
And ain't nothin' sweeter by him or suger canes
I move suger queen, bought them 6 inch heels
And gotta feelin' like she livin' on the top of suger hills
And paid suger bills, now she calls me suga daddy
Cause I come through stunt in that suga white Cady
Bubble brown suga body Angelo
And Los Angeles, with a badda chick
Now she mad at Quence, cause of the game I run
So she wanna chew me out like suga the gum
But competition is nothin' so you really can't see me
Cause suga, I'm on a level that higher then Don Bredes
So you can eat your wheaties, Pop some suger smacks
Or sweeten up your coffee with dozen of suger packs
You still ain't no match for kid from Melby
When they sprinkle the club with more gees and suga tee
And yes indeed, he gots to be the all topsy
That killed the summer in that drop top B
So on the close n' open', forget the rope n' dough
Cause suga ain't knock em out, with the dopest quotes
Uh, uh

[Verse 2: Beyoncé]
I’ma be like a jolly rancher that you get from the corner store
I’ma be like a waffle cone that’s dripping down to the floor
The way you do if for me I can’t lie (lie)
About to be up in the mall all night (Yes)
Whatever I get you putting it on (Yes)
Don’t give me no lip let mama do it all

[Hook/Chorus: Beyoncé]
Let me be, I wants to be, gots to be
Your suga give mama some suga mama
Suga ma-ma-mama (Suga Mama)
I’m your suga mama (Suga Mama)
Let me be, I wants to be, gots to be (gots to be)
New whip, new heavy on the wrist
Cause I’m a suga ma-ma-mama
I’m your suga mama, suga mama

[Bridge: Beyoncé]
Hey, hey, Sit on mama lap
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap
Hey, Come sit on mama lap
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap. Hey

[Verse 2: Beyoncé]
It’s so good to the point that I’d
Do anything to keep you home
Baby what you want me to buy
My accountant’s waiting on the phone (on the phone)
Just the thought of making love to you (you)
Dropping everything that’s what I’ll do (I'll do)
Whatever I get you putting it on (Boy)
Now take it off while I watch you perform

[Hook/Chorus: Beyoncé]
Let me be, I wants to be, gots to be
Your suga give mama some suga mama
Suga ma-ma-mama (Suga Mama)
I’m your suga mama (Suga Mama)
Let me be, I wants to be, gots to be (gots to be)
New whip, new heavy on the wrist
Cause I’m a suga ma-ma-mama
I’m your suga mama, suga mama
Cause I’m a suga ma-ma-mama
I’m your suga mama, suga mama

[Bridge: Beyoncé]
Hey, hey, Sit on mama lap
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap
Hey, Come sit on mama lap
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap. Hey

[Breakdown/Verse 3: Beyoncé]
And I’ve always been the type to take care of mine
(I know just what I’m doing)
(Don’t you worry it’s cool and everything is steady)
(Claimed you on my taxes already, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I promise I won’t let no bills get behind
(Cause every touch, every kiss and hug)
You ‘bes believe it’ll be on time
Suga mama mama mama yeah yeah yeah

[Hook/Chorus: Beyonce (with Ad-libs)]
Let me be, I wants to be, gots to be
Your suga give mama some suga mama (Give you all my money baby)
Suga ma-ma-mama (Suga Mama)
I’m your suga mama (Suga Mama/Turn me out, boy, somthin' crazy)
Let me be, I wants to be, gots to be (Take my credit card, The key to my house/gots to be)
New whip, new heavy on the wrist (Take my car)
Cause I’m a suga ma-ma-mama (Don't look and tokin' mama some Suga)
I’m your suga mama, suga mama (Suga, before you walk out that door)

[Outro/Bridge: Beyonce]
Hey, hey, Sit on mama lap (Yes)
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap (Yes)
Hey, Come sit on mama lap (Yeaaa-eeah!!!!)
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap. Hey (Yeah, yeah!)
Hey, hey, Sit on mama lap (Yes)
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap (Yes)
Hey, Come sit on mama lap (Yeaaa-eeah!!!!)
Hey, hey, Come sit on mama lap. Hey (Yeah, yeah!)

[Verse 1: Eminem]
Sandy Hook, Stoneman Douglas
Another lone-wolf gunman
Sometimes I don't know what this
World has come to, it's blowin' up
And this whole country is goin' nuts
And the NRA is in our way
They're responsible for this whole production
They hold the strings to control the puppets
And they threaten to take away donor bucks
So they know the government won't do nothin'
And no one's budgin', gun owners' clutchin'
Their loaded weapons
They love their guns more than our children
Shhh, think another one just entered in our buildin'
And we'll be—

[Chorus: Kehlani]
Ashes blowin' in the air
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold
Fuck doin' what you're told
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Verse 2: Eminem]
I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track
This road is takin' me back
Down memory lane with this rap
I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback
I'm simply stating a fact
I had Wembley Stadium packed
But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast
Another terrorist attacks
Like a tariff blows half of Madison Square up, alas
We perish in the blast
But that isn't scaring us, we pass
Nowhere we're fearless, 'cause we're just—

[Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem]
Ashes blowin' in the air
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
Goin' nowhere fast

[Verse 3: Eminem]
Fuck doin' what you're told, act like a two-year-old
Shit is soon to go kaboom and blow
Anyways; for MC's it's a funeral
When I'm devisin' this rhyme
'Cause I'm awake and you're mourning
That's why I rise and I shine
Like a new day has dawned on me
Gusto, guts, bravado
Nuts and plus I kick up dust and cuss a lot
I musta got you in somewhat of a debacle
'Cause some stuff that's awful
Really don't mean nothin' although
There's a lot of shit I said in jest that's tough to swallow
But if at times my heart it seems
Like it's in the wrong place, it's probably 'cause it's on my sleeve
Keanu Reeves speed of life, avoid or veer
Or just steer toward it, we're only lookin' forward
But where we're goin' we have no idea
Nowhere to go, but hysterical, it's gettin' warm in here
I set the world on fire, was born to be an arsonist
Just one spark and it's lit
But I'ma still get dark on this shit
Told you I'd leave my mark on this bitch—war machine
But you forced me in a corner
I'm sure to have somethin' for your rear
And in the course of the assault as torture gets more severe
Go to war with me, you'll end up blew to Timbuktu
I send at you a ten-ton nuke like Kim Jong-Un
And end up ruinin' your career
But when all is said and done
And at the end of my run, I'll just rewind clocks, forever young
Make time stop, will I ever fall off? That day will never come
'Til the pine box, bitch fuck you! I'm better than I ever was
'Til the bomb drops, hope it never does
But I'm not gonna sweat it 'cause
This world's screwed, it's already fucked
And I'm on top, so everyone's just—

[Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem]
Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Post-Chorus: Kehlani]
'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no, goin' no
Goin' nowhere (We're on the run of our lives)
Going nowhere fast

[Bridge: Eminem & Kehlani]
You can't tell us nothin'
Hard-headed and we're stubborn
So, one ear and out the other
When we're young, we're young
(We're on the run of our lives)
Who knows what the future for us could hold
Another shooter? Uh-oh
No more tomorrows, we're done
And all we are is—

[Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem]
Ashes blowin' in the air (so we're…)
Our world's on fire, but we don't care (don't care, yeah)
(We don't give a… no, no)
Wasted youth, always on the road
Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old
'Cause the skies are black
But our heart's made of gold (golden)
Fuck doin' what you're told (what we're told)
We're goin' nowhere fast

[Post-Chorus: Kehlani]
'Cause we're goin' no, goin' no
Goin' no, goin' no, goin' no
Goin' nowhere (we're on the run of our lives)
Goin' nowhere fast
It's a long year, pretending I belong here
One day, I plan to be a family man, happily married
I wanna grow to be so old that I have to be carried
'til I'm glad to be buried

[Intro: Rihanna]
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
That's how much I love you
That's how much I need you

[Verse 1: Rihanna & David Bisbal]
And I can't stand you
Must everything you do make me wanna smile
Can I not like you for awhile? (No)
Tú me dejas
Te enfadas y después me vuelves a besar
Y así me haces olvidar (Estoy molesto...)
Y no me acuerdo de por qué
But I hate it...
You know exactly what to do
So that I can't stay mad at you
For too long, that's wrong
But I hate it
Nadie me calma como tú
Y me doy cuenta que mi única verdad
Es que odio amarte tanto

[Chorus: Rihanna]
And I hate how much I love you, boy
I can't stand how much I need you
And I hate how much I love you, boy
But I just can't let you go
And I hate that I love you so (oh)

[Verse 2: Rihanna & David Bisbal]
Tú sabes el poder que tienes sobre mi
Y nadie más me hace reir
Said it's not fair
How you take advantage of the fact
That I...
Love you beyond the reason why
And it just ain't right

[Chorus: David Bisbal]
Y es que odio amarte tanto amor
Saber que te necesito
Y es que odio amarte tanto amor
No puedo vivir sin ti
Pero odio quererte así

[Bridge: Rihanna & David Bisbal]
One of these days, maybe your magic won't affect me (hmm)
And your kiss won't make me weak
Pero nadie, nadie más hoy me conoce tanto
Eso es un hechizo que tienes sobre mi

[Chorus: Rihanna & (David Bisbal)]
That's how much I love you (Te necesito)
That's how much I need you (Te quiero tanto)
That's how much I love you (Te necesito)
That's how much I need you (Te quiero tanto)
And I hate that I love you so

[Chorus: Rihanna with David Bisbal Adlibs]
And I hate that I love you so
And I hate how much I love you, boy
I can't stand how much I need you
And I hate how much I love you, boy
But I just can't let you go
And I hate that I love you so

[Outro: Rihanna & Davis Bisbal]
And I hate that I love you so, so

[Intro]
Aw, man, J Scott, why don't you drop that trill ish

[Verse 1]
I got some bad news this morning
I can't sing for ish, ya'll
Which in turn made my day, yeah
When this someone spoke I listened, yeah
All of a sudden has less and less to say, alright
Oh, how could this be?
All this time, I lived vicariously
I can't sing for shit

[Chorus]
Who's gonna save my soul now?
Who's gonna save my soul now?
I wonder if I live to grow old, now
Getting high 'cause I feel so low down

[Refrain]
Lemme freestyle

[Verse 2]
It made me feel like somebody
Like somebody else, yeah
Although we was imitated often, yeah
Felt like I was being myself
Oh, how could this be?
All of this time, I had to keep this shit G
Pardon my language, I'm sorry, y'all

[Chorus]
Who's gonna save my dro now?
Who's gonna blaze my smoke now?
I wonder if I'll be pretty forever, ya'll, oh, shit
Feeling high now I feel so low, now

[Verse 3]
I need the marijuana, where the trees? Leave the trees
You're chillin' in the Live Lounge and you with me
A-S-A-P, got a hat to the back
And it's white 'cause I got a white collar shirt to match
Got a blue trench, chickens on my uh
Never gave a uh 'cause the clock won't tick
If my --- don't stick, all up in your chicken
Everybody know me, I'm here, take your flicks and
And I love the UK, shoot at your toupee
Riding round, Chicago like Lupe
And it's a Fiasco, your man is an asshole
And I could get busy, but they dizzy like Rascal
And this is off the top, when I'm chillin' in the Live Lounge
You already know, A$AP in the spot now
I gotta come, shut it down, up in Londontown
I need to beat to loop, man, I need another round

[Refrain]
Oh, how could this be?
Yeah, I feel like a whiner when I'm singin'
I live vicariously
Ya'll ready?

[Chorus]
Who's gonna save my hoes now? Haha
Who's gonna save my soul now?
I wonder if I live to grow old, now
They say I move fast, so I gotta slow down

[Outro]
I hope ya'll liked that right there, man

[Verse]
New Prada bag
Brown Butterscotch
They don't know Flack-o
I'm grippin' the guap
I do what I want
I'm sippin' the wock
I model for Dior
Gucci down to the socks
Bitches gone fuck
Bitches gone flock
Callin' me daddy
Poppy and pop
You must have forgot
This nigga's colossal
My bitch is a model
Gettin' the guap (Gettin' the guap)
Do what I want
Sippin' a lot
I've been trippin' a lot
Got a script from the doc
I just fibbed to the cops
I don't talk to the 12
I don't snitch to the cops
I forget shit a lot (Word)

[Repeat]

[Outro]
Bitches gone fuck
Bitches gon flock
Callin' me daddy
Poppy and pop

[Chopped and Screwed]

[Pre-Chorus: Thundercat]
Can't open my eyes, girl
'Cause I'm just too wasted
You're taking me higher
Straight shots with no chaser
I'm up past the clouds
Can't come down, we're too faded
Way out in the stars
She said, "Come to outer space"

[Chorus: Thundercat]
Then she said, "Drink dat, drink dat"
"Drink dat, drink dat"
She told me, "Drink dat, drink dat"
"Drink dat"
Then she said

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
The night is almost over
But we still wanna party
Ain't no one in here sober
The weed I'm rolling's gnarly
These bitches love Sosa
These niggas want some molly
I'm just chillin', getting high as fuck
Looking boss in my Cavalli
Smoking papers, no blunts
Writing "Turn up" on our cups
'Cause we gon' do that
Someone get another bottle of gin
We just ran through that
Made a million out of nothing, thought you knew that
Hating on my crew swag, that's too bad
Walk up in the party, they like, "Who that?"
Pouring shots, ain't worried 'bout precautions or the cost
'Cause we going far, another drink, it might be a problem
I can't...

[Pre-Chorus: Thundercat]
I can't open my eyes, girl
'Cause I'm just too wasted
You're taking me higher
Straight shots with no chaser
I'm up past the clouds
Can't come down, we're too faded
Way out in the stars
She said, "Come to outer space"

[Chorus: Thundercat]
Then she said, "Drink dat, drink dat"
"Drink dat, drink dat"
She told me, "Drink dat, drink dat"
"Drink dat"
Then she said

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
We young, black, Hollywood, we turnin' up
No turnin' down, even though we prolly should
I pass some drugs to you, it's prolly good
I know that we famous
Here's some red cups with shots
We should probably take 'em
Smoking out on private property
Haters stay up and watch while we drink
Music low in case the neighbors call the cops on us
Niggas hate and bitches hate, all in the same
So take this cup of Bombay and drink all of it straight
Starting to realize what this party shit can feel like
We take the movies and the songs, make 'em real life
Live for the moment, ain't worried what it end like
Go to the roof and hit the bong, have a good night
Now you should know what the play is
Don't really know what I'm feeling
Sometimes I go through these phases
That means we both feeling faded
I mean we both feeling faded
I really hope that we make it

[Pre-Chorus: Thundercat]
Can't open my eyes, girl
'Cause I'm just too wasted
You're taking me higher
Straight shots with no chaser
I'm up past the clouds
Can't come down, we're too faded
Way out in the stars
She said, "Come to outer space"

[Chorus: Thundercat]
Then she said, "Drink dat, drink dat"
"Drink dat, drink dat"
She told me, "Drink dat, drink dat"
"Drink dat"
Then she said

[Chopped and Screwed]

[Verse 1]
Sometimes you have to let go
To free fall away
I won't judge you anymore
'Cause sometimes I needed to
Free fall far away
Out of sight, out of mind

[Verse 2]
I'm so tired
Where can I lay my head?
I'll just close my eyes
Hope I wake up dead
Don't want to live without you
Don't leave me out here to die

[Outro]
Maybe another time and space
When I can look you in the face
Far, far away
Maybe in another life
(Verse)
Dont try this at home
Yeah
Hol up
Jump right in
Cause I just weakstyled for a couple of my friends
Fuck around and made a couple hoes smile
Now I Gotta always keep a fucking weak style
Yeah, so bring the beat back
And let yo boy gon' wreck on this thundercat
Used to sip drank cause I'm old school
But now I sip lemonade by my damn pool
Boys a fool if you think you catchin up
Cause we ain't ever stop until the worlds chopped up
And

[Hook x2]
I run them bands up, nigga
I got FnN too, nigga
Pull up, Forgiato all black
Mad truck, i don't wonder we bust
Nigga, flooded my Rollie
We bust down
Sit in the shot like a touch down
Play with the gang
It's goin' down
I take the pound and I ship it out of town

[Verse]
There go Soulja, and he got that check on him
Ridin' round in foreign whip, and he got that TEC on him
Gucci on my backpack, a hunnid racks I stuffed in it
He playin' with the gang gang, he gon' get hit with hollow tip
Designer on my body, I got money but it's nothin', bitch
Gucci on my polo, color shirt on, nigga flexin' shit
Yeah, we got the game on lock
Yeah, jump in the Lamb, get the guap
Yeah, in the trap beat out the pot
Yeah, flood on my wrist is a lot
Yeah, can't let a nigga play with gang
Uh, VVS diamonds my chain
Yeah, 50 thousand for my ring
Yeah, I smoke a pound in the Wraith
Yeah, I'm in the trap catchin' place
Yeah, I whip it up in your face
Yeah, I win the Lamb like a race
Draco bullets eat your face

[Hook x2]
I run them bands up, nigga
I got FnN too, nigga
Pull up, Forgiato all black
Mad truck, i don't wonder we bust
Nigga, flooded my Rollie
We bust down
Sit in the shot like a touch down
Play with the gang
It's goin' down
I take the pound and I ship it out of town
On the count of 3
What if we both stopped
Over
Overthinking everything

Maybe finally
You and I can be on the same
Same page, wavelengths

Is this for real?
No heads or tails?
I'm head over heels
Hope you feel the same

You once asked me
Have you stopped to think this through?
This through? no clue?
Yeah me too

I inconveniently
Enter a dream state around you, around you
Is this for real?
No heads or tails?
I'm head over heels
Hope you feel the same

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
Who can I make that them better right now?
Who, oh I know that'll make it better right now?
Who do I know that'll make 'em better right now?
Who do you know?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
If I ever instigated I, I
Tell me who will never related, I

[Verse: Kendrick Lamar]
Annie, are you okay? Ooh, yeah (ooh, la-la)
Annie, are you okay? Ooh, yeah
Do you like foreplay? Ooh, yeah
Do you go both ways? I really need confirmation
Your love is abomination, fucking you is like a bomb of nations
Area 51 in that pussy, ah
The president 'bout to cum in that pussy, ah
I got mind control, I got dick control
I reel 'em in for the fishing pole
I love legs like Robyn Fenty
Stretch them shits like limo Bentleys
Catch them tits with an open mouth
The interview up outta that Oprah house
You know I love it when it's pokin' out
You know I'm thuggin' even in the drought, you know him
I fuck around and crash a brand new Bugatti
In the mothafuckin' lobby so you know I'm in the building
Won't you kiss it, baby? Take a picture
I, I, I, I, I'm killin' em
Illuminati want my money and my body
Even Donny rollin' by me, looking aggravated that I made it
Fuck you and your mama, nigga
I, I, I, I, I see the bitch in them, I got the Benjamin
I got the dividend, I'm on my toes like Serena at the Wimbledon
Pie à la mode on a Monday for my woman-friend
I'm in the mode of a mortal man
I'm living in the orbit of deliverin'
Sex in a cathedral, empty, Grand Marnier that I reload, ten Gs
In the hallway, she a Leo, I'm a Gemini
Give me mine, genocide, kill 'em all, thirty times

[Pre-Chorus: Kanye West]
Who can I make that them better right now?
Who, oh I know that'll make it better right now?
Who do I know that'll make 'em better right now?
Who do you know?

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
I just wanna feel liberated I, I, I
If I ever instigated I, I
Tell me who will never related, I

[Outro: Kanye West]
Why I fucked you this evening
At Southside, live for these things
By the way, how you feelin', forgot
I don't give a fuck about your family and that, oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, back it up, oh oh
Back it up, yeah

[Verse 1: Rihanna]
All along it was a fever
A cold sweat, hot-headed believer
I threw my hands in the air, said show me something
He said, "If you dare come a little closer"
Round and around and around and around we go
Oh now tell me now tell me now tell me now you know

[Hook: Rihanna]
Not really sure how to feel about it
Something in the way you move
Makes me feel like I can't live without you
And it takes me all the way
I want you to stay

[Verse 2: Mikky Ekko]
It's not much of a life you're living
It's not just something you take, it's given
Round and around and around and around we go
Oh now tell me now tell me now tell me now you know

[Hook: Mikky Ekko]
Not really sure how to feel about it
Something in the way you move
Makes me feel like I can't live without you
And it takes me all the way
I want you to stay

[Bridge: Rihanna & Mikky Ekko]
The reason I hold on
Cause I need this hole gone
Funny you're the broken one
But I'm the only one who needed saving
Cause when you never see the light
It's hard to know which one of us is caving

[Hook: Rihanna & Mikky Ekko]
Not really sure how to feel about it
Something in the way you move
Makes me feel like I can't live without you
And it takes me all the way
I want you to stay
Stay
I want you to stay
Ooh

[Hook: Christina Aguilera]
Everyone thinks that I have it all
But it's so empty living behind these castle walls
These castle walls
If I should tumble if I should fall
Would any one hear me screaming behind these castle walls
There's no-one here at all, behind these castle walls

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Observing the estate through the gate from the outside looking in
Bet you would think I got it made, better look again
I got a butler, got a maid, and a mansion
The belief is that I'm living out a millionaire's fantasy
With phantoms and ferrari's in the driveway
But you see the fame's in exchange for the same man's sanity
Your vision jaded by the Grammy's on the mantelpiece
Just switch your camera lenses you would see the agony
Apparently it's damaging the man you see before you
On the canvas he may seem alright but all the diasadvantages his family
Encounters overshadows his extravagance
Walk in my nines a while I dare you, would it scare you
While it surely seem like King's life ain't glamourous
As seen through the eyes of untrained amateurs
Because the camera doesn't see beyond the walls of the smiles
Only counts until it falls in the pile

[Hook: Christina Aguilera]
Everyone thinks that I have it all
But it's so empty living behind these castle walls
These castle walls
If I should tumble if I should fall
Would any one hear me screaming behind these castle walls
There's no-one here at all, behind these castle walls

[Verse 2: T.I.]
Honestly to me, I think I'd lose every benefit of all that I've accomplished
If my kids never win at...
Me knowing this, why should the verses I have laid
Be more important to me than the persons I have raised
I guess I'm saying that to say that opportunity
But they just don't equate to all the time they take away
From the kids all the I did right is a mistake
If deyjah end up a stripper and major slinging yay
How could I ever consider myself a great
If Messiah ain't paid and Nique Nique ain't straight
Would your favourite song about the whips, money and shh
Be relevant if you found out, Domani wasn't rich, nope
So me being the G.O.A.T. shouldn't mean more to me
Than seeing to it King go
From a badass kid to a man with some dough
Otherwise I may as well have stayed poor
So while they stay focused on me beefin with Flip
Shawty Lo, Gucci or Ludacris
Or if I'm with a...
Did I snitch when I got arrested or will I die over nonesense
Internally I'm dealing with this conflict
So excuse me if I don't get the chance to kiss the hand
That slap me in the face, ay I'm just a man
If they saying I ain't the best at making hit records
It's cause this my life these ain't just rapping
Didn't you think of that deep, did you dawg
See you can't see the castle through the walls till it falls
Bitch ain't thinking with the deep, did you dawg
Cause see you can't see the castle through the walls till it falls

[Hook: Christina Aguilera]
Everyone thinks that I have it all
But it's so empty living behind these castle walls
These castle walls
If I should tumble if I should fall
Would any one hear me screaming behind these castle walls
There's no-one here at all, behind these castle walls

[Bridge: Christina Aguilera]
Nobody knows I'm all alone
Living in this castle made of stone
They say that money is freedom, but I feel trapped inside it all
And while I sit so high up on a throne
I wonder how I can feel this low
On top of the world it's beautiful
But there's no place to fall

[Hook: Christina Aguilera]
Everyone thinks that I have it all
But it's so empty living behind these castle walls
These castle walls
If I should tumble if I should fall
Would any one hear me screaming behind these castle walls
There's no-one here at all, behind these castle walls

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
First I dip, then I dab
Pull up with bags of the cash
Young nigga pull up and splash
That's your girl, Imma smash
Taking trips to Japan
Yeah I run up them bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Kicking shit up in France
Smoking on 

[?] while I dab
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah i'm running up the bands

[Verse 1: Soulja Boy]
Jump out the jet, young nigga flex
Look at my motherfucking neck
Young nigga ran up a check
Your bitch, she giving me neck
50 bicks on the jet
Fuck with Lil Dre, you get hit with the tech
Bust down, I rock a Rolex
Young niggas with me, they run up a check
Breaking my wrist 

[?]

[?] when a nigga going in

[?] I pour up a 10
On a private jet, I fly with the bricks
Fuck with Lil Soulja, get hit with the sticks
Mini Draco 

[?] extendo

[?]
Zone 1 to Zone 6

[?] aim at his brain
Hell na lil nigga you know that 

[?]

[?] spray and 

[?]

[?] serving that caine
Young nigga get it poppin, you reach for my chain
You ain't getting no money, and that shit a shame

[?]

[?] making it rain
Came in this bitch, me and Rich Gang
You fuck with Lil Dre, you get hit with that thing
My Roli wrist did the hurricane
I fell in love with serving cocaine
Standing in the trap, now I'm grippin that thing
Fuck with Lil Dre, you get hit with that thing

[?] all of my niggas gon bang

[?]
Hundred bricks, rap them up 

[?]

[?] jeans
Which one of these lil niggas talking bout stopping me?

[?] nigga you better think twice about robbing me
I came in this bitch, and I went on a shopping spree
Cop 1 brick, then I'm copping 3
Call up my shooters, they pull up and spray the heat
I whipped up a brick on BET
Yeah all them niggas, they know bout me
Zone 1, came up from serving 

[?]
Bust down Roli sitting 

[?]

[?] and I'm serving the lean

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
First I dip, then I dab
Pull up with bags of the cash
Young nigga pull up and splash
That's your girl, Imma smash
Taking trips to Japan
Yeah I run up them bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Kicking shit up in France
Smoking on 

[?] while I dab
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah i'm running up the bands

[Verse 2: Kid Red]
Nigga my sauce is 

[?]
Niggas know I'm on some trippy shit
I just be hitting that sticky shit, while 

[?]
I got the special 

[?]
I put that bitch in position

[?] perscription
You should come and get 

[?]

[?]
Shooting at a nigga mental
My 

[?] rental

[?]

[?] we the army
Fuck niggas can't harm me
Shoot the pistol like 

[?]

[?] cause she bor me
Fresh flight to Japan

[?]
Bust down on 

[?]
Bust down on the man

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
First I dip, then I dab
Pull up with bags of the cash
Young nigga pull up and splash
That's your girl, Imma smash
Taking trips to Japan
Yeah I run up them bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Kicking shit up in France
Smoking on 

[?] while I dab
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah i'm running up the bands

[Verse 3: Rich The Kid]
I had to run up the bands
Hop in the vet when I land
Blowing money like a fan
Count a milli, get a broke hand
My niggas 

[?]
I was broke, got a Roles Royce
I got the money, want more
Fucked the bitch up on the floor
She want 

[?]
Flex wih the racks, I don't care

[?] stare
Pulling up in that droptop
She get wet like a juice box

[?]

[?] like Biggie and 2Pac
I got your bitch in 

[?]
Get money, you hating instead
50 on me, still leaning
Flexing up for no reason

[Chorus: Soulja Boy]
First I dip, then I dab
Pull up with bags of the cash
Young nigga pull up and splash
That's your girl, Imma smash
Taking trips to Japan
Yeah I run up them bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Kicking shit up in France
Smoking on 

[?] while I dab
Yeah I'm running up the bands
Yeah i'm running up the bands

[Hook: Soulja Boy]
Ball and grinde with some real ones
Grab my chopper, count up some milions
Everything designer, I just wanna kill m
Getting all this cash, counting up the millions
Milions on milions, milions on milions

[Verse 1: Soulja Boy]
Came up from the bottom, had nothing
Now I pull up in a Lambo, and I'm stuntin
I came up counting cash, yeah, I'm getting money
Pull up in an auti, yeah, I drive it
Then I hit brodies, feel them when I'm shopping
Bad bitch, she on me, yeah, you know she top me
Came up from the bottom, came up on the scene
Young nigga pull up, yeah, I'm sellin that lean
All the glory, you know I'm the king
Standing in the kitchin, trappin and survin everything
Fludded out my wrist, fludded out everything
When I killed every scene, put them choppers in my jeans
200,000 in cash, Lambo didgital dash
Getting to the money, pop a Perk and a Xan
They didn't understand, I had a plan
Nigga, we made it, getting to them bands
Get to the guap, never ever stop
All my niggas hot, thugs on the block
Never will give up, working so hard

[Hook: Soulja Boy]
Ball and grinde with some real ones
Grab my chopper, count up some milions
Everything designer, I just wanna kill m
Getting all this cash, counting up the millions
Milions on milions, milions on milions

[Verse 2: Jbar]
Getting right to the money, let's get these hundreds
Always in something, tell you something
Ice cold, yeah my ice cold
Go back, no, got all these bad hoes
Running it up, never giving a fuck
Questioning if I love these hoes, no, fuck
Now I'm balling, living it up
Chacing that cheese, in love with that money
Lambo doors, still on that paper chace
No matter where I go, gotta get that paper

[Hook: Soulja Boy]
Ball and grinde with some real ones
Grab my chopper, count up some milions
Everything designer, I just wanna kill m
Getting all this cash, counting up the millions
Milions on milions, milions on milions

[Hook]
Ridin in a new foreign whip
You a fuck boy nigga, I'll empty out the clip
In that drop-top wraith, smokin' dope I'm wit' the shit
I empty out the Draco know I keep the thirty-clip
Right wrist cost fifty, know my bracelet worth a brick
I'm in the kitchen with the chickens know I'm water whippin' shit
I'm havin' bricks of the Actavis, two hunned' for a zip
I be hustlin' every day I'm takin' million dollar trips

[Verse 1]
Million dollar trips, in and out I'm hand to hand
Trigger finger off the draco, his bitch is my biggest fan
If you disrespect draco we gon' air it out again
I'm havin bricks, I'm havin Pesos, niggas know I'm gettin' it in
And I jumped out that coupe, bitch I'm bout to whip a ten
I'm havin' birds, havin' pigeons, havin' chickens, havin' hens
Last nigga tried draco, he won't do that shit again
I'm in the kitchen whippin' bricks nigga, jumpin' out the gym
Ballin' on these fuck niggas, I just broke the rim
I'm in that I-8, that 30 on my lap I really dip
The draco shooters, they pull up, pop yo ass just like a pill
And if you really know big soulja, I been rich before the deal
(Gang!)

[Hook]
Ridin in a new foreign whip
You a fuck boy nigga, I'll empty out the clip
In that drop-top wraith, smokin' dope I'm wit' the shit
I empty out the Draco know I keep the thirty-clip
Right wrist cost fifty, know my bracelet worth a brick
I'm in the kitchen with the chickens know I'm water whippin' shit
I'm havin' bricks of the Actavis, two hunned' for a zip
I be hustlin' every day I'm takin' million dollar trips

[Verse 2]
Front do' broad day with the draco
Really cappin' hard for the Pesos
Bad bitch fell in love with my lingo
I'm havin' the plug out in Puerto Rico
Black machine gun, shoot through the peephole
Cuban link, 30 below zero
Pinkie ring, it be sub-zero
Shoot with the FNN then I reload
Sell a brick, get it gone pronto
I whip up a brick, wit' the pint, servin' combos
In the kitchen, hit the pot with my elbow
Mini mac-11 make a drumroll
Runnin' wit that sack, I can't fumble
Puttin' cocaine in the figure fold
I came up from trappin' and cappin' on Simpson Road
Two M's stashed at the bando
Bathin' ape, ski mask at the front do'
Run up the M's, they already know
Swerve in the bentley coupe down figaro
Drop the top wit' the draco, then I reload
Hollow tips, keep a lotta ammo
Lay in a nigga grass like I'm rambo
Draco bullets burn like a candle
Soulja boy telecommando

[Hook]
Ridin in a new foreign whip
You a fuck boy nigga, I'll empty out the clip
In that drop-top wraith, smokin' dope I'm wit' the shit
I empty out the Draco know I keep the thirty-clip
Right wrist cost fifty, know my bracelet worth a brick
I'm in the kitchen with the chickens know I'm water whippin' shit
I'm havin' bricks of the Actavis, two hunned' for a zip
I be hustlin' every day I'm takin' million dollar trips

[Intro]
Soulja
Young beezy
Foreign
Foreign the movie
Welcome to the trap
Sodmg the mafia
K family, billionaires
That nigga too dizzy
Leggo
Zone 1, sosa rolled, stand up

[Verse 1]
Wake up in the morning thinking bout that guap
Catch me in the kitchen whippin with a gold pot
Sunk ass nigga with a o knot
I'm a young ass nigga by the whole block

Pull that back man
Ayo play that again man
You know what I'm sayin?
Soulja
Young beezy
Foreign
Foreign the movie
Welcome to the trap
Sodmg the mafia
K family, billionaires
That nigga too dizzy
Leggo
Zone 1, sosa rolled, stand up

[Verse 2]
Wake up in the morning thinking bout that guap
Catch me in the kitchen whippin with a gold pot
Sunk ass nigga with a o knot
I'm a young ass nigga by the whole block
Trap going crazy for that nigga soulja
Bitch I'm bout a chick, I went and crashed the rover
Rolex on my wrist cost me 12 chickens
Catch me in my kitchen and I'm water whippin
Think again plays like it ain't shit
Ridin through my hood with the k with no brakes bitch
40 On my face, getting cash
Catch me in the hood, gucci sky mask
10 Chains I done copped em for the summer
4 Cellphones as I'm hoppin out my hummer
Got no stendos if you want attention
I think he want attention, I think that nigga snitchin

[Hook]
Guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
And if you ain't getting guap then you fuckin need to start
Guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
And if you ain't getting money then boy you need to start

[Verse 3]
5 Cellphones, I ain't got a landline
Kushed up and my eye red
Pirelli on my tires, call me 6 bands
Catch me in the hood and I'm leanin off that kickstand
Still hittin plays, call me lil dre
Ridin down the highway on a friday
I need it my way, I need 9 trays
Pull up to my trap, I full plays
I'm still bustin jewels, everything good
Four cuban links on my neck, trap out the hood
West side, zone 1, who want the anna?
Scarface 6, tony montana

[Hook 2]
Guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
And if you ain't getting money then boy you need to start
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
I'm getting guap, guap, guap, guap
And if you ain't getting money then boy you need to start

[Verse 4]
Shorty lookin in my way, it's lil dre
I think I caught it for the rim, I be my fuckin ways
It ain't really nothing, I'm still swaggin
Lambo, 2 door, ready for the action
Hangin out the window, I might get the blast
Everybody know sod be set
Still hittin plays, thinkin bout the billion
Stacks on deck, bitch we stackin money to the ceiling

[Verse 1]
Passed you on a side street
Brushed across your wrist like a razor blade
You won't ever know me
I still let my dreams fill with your face
Oh no
Oh no ohh

[Verse 2]
Love could be a heartbeat
Love could be a thought that clouds your brain
Show me why my heart beats
Give me how it feels without the pain
Oh no
Oh no ohh

[Chorus 1]
'Cause I just wanna
Know what you're like
And I just wanna try
I just wanna try
I just wanna try

[Verse 3]
Missed you from my bedroom
I like to pretend I know your name
And whether you like cats and dogs or if the
Movies that we watch are all the same
Oh no
Oh no ohh

[Chorus 2]
'Cause I just wanna
Know what you're like
And I just wanna try
I just wanna try
I just wanna try

[Outro]
(I just wanna try)
(I just wanna try)
(I just wanna try)

[Intro]
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh

[Verse 1]
Do you think it's sweet
I'm nervous talking to you?
Or am I just a freak?
Sat by me on the bus
On the way back to school
I wish that I was cool
Like you

[Chorus]
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh

[Verse 2]
I guess it's kind of me
I never try
You drove me home last week
I woulda died for a kiss
You smell like cigarettes
And how chocolate tastes
It makes me wanna die
But I guess I can wait

[Chorus]
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh

[Bridge]
I wanna kill myself, I wanna go to hell
I wanna kill myself, cause I'm gonna go to hell
And he's the way I'm gonna do it

[Chorus]
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh

[Verse 3]
Something in my veins
Is gnawing at me
I wanna kiss your face
'Cause you smell like cigarettes
And how chocolate tastes
It makes me wanna die
But I guess I can wait

[Chorus]
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh

[Bridge]
I wanna kill myself, I wanna go to hell
I wanna kill myself, I'm gonna go to hell
And he's the way I'm gonna do it

[Chorus]
Ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh

[Verse 1]
Honey you do me wrong but still I'm crazy about you
Stay away too long and I can't do without you
Every chance you get you seem to hurt me more and more
But each hurt makes my love stronger than before
I know flowers go through rain
But how can love go through pain

[Chorus]
Ain't that peculiar
A peculiar-arity
Ain't that peculiar baby
Peculiar as can be

[Verse 2]
You tell me lies that should be obvious to me
I've been so much in love with you baby til I don't want to see
That things you do and say are designed to make me blue
It's a doggone shame my love for you makes all
Your lies seem true
But if the truth makes love last longer
Why do lies make my love stronger

[Chorus]
Ain't that peculiar
Peculiar as can be
Ain't that peculiar baby
A peculiar-arity

[Verse 3]
I cried so much just like a child that's lost its home
Maybe baby you think these tears I cry are tears of joy
A child can cry so much until you do everything they say
But unlike a child my tears don't help me to get my way
I know love can last through years
But how can love last through tears

[Chorus]
Now ain't that peculiar baby
A peculiar-arity
Ain't it peculiar baby
Peculiar as can be

[Outro]
Said I don't understand it baby
It's so strange sometimes

[Verse 1: Kendrick Lamar]
I love money, I love bitches for the lack of better words
Ain't got no time, ain't got no feelings for the lack of better words
I miss your call four time this evening for the lack of better words
The music loud, can't hear it ringing for the lack of better words

[Verse 2: SZA]
You got nothing left to offer but a lack of better words
Get nothing else from me but a lack of better words
Had a nickel every time you get a lack of better words
Feeling cheap to be your woman for the lack of better words

[Verse 3: Kendrick Lamar]
But I say my ego gotta yeet for the lack of better words
I can't love you, I love these streets for the lack of better words
But if it's true, you would trust me for better or for worse
I'm selfish, I can't help it, for the lack of better words

[Verse 4: SZA]
You gon' be like this forever for the lack of better words
You gon' get your shit together, no, no you never learn
You cannot do better for the lack of better words
Never can let you forget it any time you on my nerves

[Bridge: Kendrick Lamar]
Na, na, na, all you do, make excuse
Na, na, na, all you do, is make excuse

[Verse 5: Kendrick Lamar]
(Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy)
I wish a nigga would (ah!)
I wish this nigga (uh!)
I wish a nigga would
I wish this nigga (yeah!)
I wish your mhm-mhm-mhh
I wish this nigga (uh!)
I wish a nigga would
I wish a nigga (yeah!)
Stuck in a rock and a hard place 

[inaudible]
God damn, bitch, hoe, huh
Yeah, woah

[Verse 1]
Chest to chest
Nose to nose
Palm to palm
We were always just that close
Wrist to wrist
Toe to toe
Lips that felt just like the inside of a rose

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it feels like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king

[Verse 2]
Eye to eye
Cheek to cheek
Side by side
You were sleeping next to me
Arm in arm
Dusk to dawn
With the curtains drawn, and a little last night on these sheets

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it seem like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king

[Bridge]
California dreaming
California dreaming
Maybe I've been California dreaming

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king

[Intro]
My California king

[Verse 1]
Chest to chest
Nose to nose
Palm to palm
We were always just that close
Wrist to wrist
Toe to toe
Lips that felt just like the inside of a rose

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it feels like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Verse 2]
Eye to eye
Cheek to cheek
Side by side
You were sleeping next to me
Arm in arm
Dusk to dawn
With the curtains drawn, and a little last night on these sheets

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it seems like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king

[Bridge]
Just when I felt like giving up on us
You turned around and gave me one last touch
That made everything feel better
And even then my eyes got wetter
So confused wanna ask you if you love me
But I don't wanna seem so weak
Maybe I've been California dreaming

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Drop: Bassjackers]

[Chorus]
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Drop: Bassjackers]

[Outro]
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Verse 1]
Chest to chest
Nose to nose
Palm to palm
We were always just that close
Wrist to wrist
Toe to toe
Lips that felt just like the inside of a rose

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it feels like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king

[Verse 2]
Eye to eye
Cheek to cheek
Side by side
You were sleeping next to me
Arm in arm
Dusk to dawn
With the curtains drawn, and a little last night on these sheets

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it seems like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king

[Bridge]
California dreaming
California dreaming
Maybe I've been California dreaming

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Intro]
My California king
My California king
California wishing on these stars

[Verse 1]
Chest to chest
Nose to nose
Palm to palm
We were always just that close
Wrist to wrist
Toe to toe
Lips that felt just like the inside of a rose

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it feels like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Verse 2]
Eye to eye
Cheek to cheek
Side by side
You were sleeping next to me
Arm in arm
Dusk to dawn
With the curtains drawn, and a little last night on these sheets

[Pre-Chorus]
So, how come when I reach out my finger, it seems like more than distance between us?

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Bridge]
Just when I felt like giving up on us
You turned around and gave me one last touch
That made everything feel better
And even then my eyes got wetter
So confused wanna ask you if you love me
But I don't wanna seem so weak
Maybe I've been California dreaming

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Drop: Bassjackers]

[Chorus]
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Drop: Bassjackers]

[Breakdown]
My California king
My California king
My California king

[Chorus]
In this California king bed
We're ten thousand miles apart
I've been California wishing on these stars
For your heart, for me
In this California king bed

[Outro]
My California king
Sugar pie honey bunch you know that I love you
I can't help myself I love you and nobody else

Wanna tell in and out my life you come and go
Leaving just your picture behind
And I kissed it a thousand times
When you snap your finger or wink your eye I come a running to you
I'm tied to your apron strings and there's nothing I can do

Sugar pie honey bunch I'm weaker than a man should be
I can't help myself I'm a fool in love you see
Wanna tell you I don't love you tell you that we're through and I've tried

But every time I see your face I get all choked up inside

When I call your name girl it starts the flame burning in my heart
Tearin it all apart no matter how I try my love
I cannot hide 'cause

Sugar Pie Honey Bunch you know that I'm weak for you
Can't help myself I love you and nobody else
Sugar Pie Honey Bunch do anything you ask me to
Can't help myself I want you and nobody else
Sugar Pie Honey Bunch you know that I love you
You know that I love you
Can't help myself, no I can't help myself

[Verse 1]
Wait for me when I go
Live in color but don't forget my aching soul
I can see the blue moon
Late at night, I wonder if you see it, too

[PreChorus]
I feel lost without you
Maybe you do, too
I feel like I'm no one
Maybe I'm like you
Faith and honeydew

[Verse 2]
I'm alone and you're not here (not here)
You can't run to me and comfort all my fears (all my fears)
Maybe that's a good thing though
Not dependent on someone else to help me grow

[PreChorus]
I feel lost without you
Maybe you do, too
I'm so much like you

[Chorus]
I don't know how to get through this
I don't know what to do
Maybe if all these mountains drifted to you
Do you know if the sky is falling?
Do you know when it hits?
And all these mountains fall before their names hit your lips
Our love cannot grow when it's suffocated
Not right now, but we both know, time will mend the craters
I tell myself that I don't
Mind this space but behind this face I'm lost

[Chorus]
I feel like I'm no one
Maybe I'm like you
Faith and honeydew

[Intro: Kevin Abstract]
Ayy boy, (You can turn it up a little bit)
Ayy boy, calm your ass down boy (this that down South)
You know what I'm talkin' about?

[Verse 1: Kevin Abstract]
This that down South nigga music
This that Whitney Houston, museum, movement music
That them niggas ain't used to
I bought a car that I can't scoot in and there's some clothes that I just looked at
Ever since I heard we playin' Coachella
I took a stack and made a rap and I ain't never look back
It make me sad when my parents wanna come to the shows
'Cause I diss 'em in my songs and they know every word
All my niggas get along but their egos berserk
'Cause we finally getting money and the girls wanna twerk
And I love doin' Perc', I had to buy me a Perc'
I gotta purse for my nephew now his classmates stare
"Oh, your uncle a rapper? Is he Lil Uzi Vert?"
"Nah, my uncle is gay and they think he a gimmick"
How the fuck I'm a gimmick if I'm up at the clinic
Gettin' tested 'cause I take dick so motherfuckin' often
Bitches better calm me down before I motherfuckin' toss 'em
Ayy, nigga

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract & Dom McLennon and Matt Champion]
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff when I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I light the spliff when I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself
(At night I bring them out, I was)

[Verse 2: Matt Champion]
Sleeping upside down, keep you up, I come around
They stay right up on my tail, hopin' it's a fishscale
Human, I see through your eyes
Until my CCC and see blood in my skin
They can see they move my feet like DDR
Hangin' out the car, dreamin' of the tour
They grip three types of the gas, miss the days I can't get back
Hope the dollar kill me last, hate the way they really see me
Christina I move like genie
My nose wrinkle lot like Jeannie
Regal feelings, I steam it
Hop in the four and I’m speedin', bleedin'
She wavin' out the backseat, ayy, gettin' nasty
Killa motion, phone beep for the C4, bitch I'm coastin'
(Let me hear that)

[Verse 3: Ameer Vann]
Swimmin' in money, I know that they love me
They pay me in hundreds or pay me in gold (oh)
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist
I feel alone, I sold a piece of my soul (please)
I don't feel love anymore, where did it go?
I got a heart and then filled it with holes
Dipped it with glitter and gold
I wanna die, but it's some shit I should buy
Feelin' so empty inside (oh)
The more that I get, the less I can feel
The more that I smoke, the more I forget
I hit the road with my bitch in my whip, that's all

[Bridge]
Somebody help me now, right now
Oh, somebody check it out, yellow
Please, somebody help me now, right now

[Chorus: Kevin Abstract]
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist (oh)
I light the spliff when I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself
Hurtin' myself, hurtin' my bitch
And I got diamonds that's hurtin' my wrist (please)
I light the spliff when I float by myself
I need some more time to find more of myself

[Verse 4: Dom McLennon]
Alright, yeah, woo!
Now nigga, what's the word?
I got a thousand dollar one-way train to Luxembourg
I'm drinkin' whiskey with no ice, I feel my stomach burn
I made a life I want, I know that make your stomach turn
We sprinting slowly towards our ending, how will you submerge?
I'm drownin' daily in my seat that's why my dreams absurd
I'm noddin' out behind the wheel, don't know 'bout who concerned (let me hear how that sounds)

[Verse 1]
Pristine
Untraced by the world outside you
Anyways
I'll never get real and you'll never change to me 'cause I'm not looking
Anyways

[Verse 2]
Same night
Same humility for those that love you
Anyways, anyways
And if you do find someone better
I'll still see you in everything
Tomorrow and all the time

[Chorus]
Don't you like me for me?
Is there any better feeling than coming clean?
And I know myself and I'll never love anyone else
I won't love anyone else
I'll never love anyone else

[Verse 3]
It just feels like
The same party every weekend
Doesn't it? Doesn't it?
And if you do find someone better
I'll still see you in everything
For always, tomorrow, and all the time

[Chorus]
Don't you like me for me?
Is there any better feeling than coming clean?
And I know myself and I'll never love anyone else
I won't love anyone else
I'll never love anyone else

[Bridge]
If it's not supposed to be
Then I'll just let it be
And out of everyone
Be honest with me
Who do you change for?
Who's top of your world?
And out of everyone
Who's your type of girl?

[Outro]
And we can be anything
Even apart
And out of everything
It doesn't have to be this hard
I could be anyone but I'm so entwined
And out of everyone
Who's on your mind?
No more changes
I'll still love you the same
Lyrics from Snippet

[Verse ?: Kanye West]
Get you super wet after we turn the shower off
I choke you softly, grab your face too
Rape you like I love you, fuck you like I hate you
...
And then I open the fridge looking for some eggs

[?] legs
...
We in the bathroom days
All we do is eat ice cream and fuck hard
Baby put your hand down, I need another rubber
You got a 

[?] going HAM, hard as a motherfucker
...

[Bridge: Assassin]
That's all dem can do
...

[Verse ?: Travis Scott]
You know what?
I’m that crazy motherfucker from the dust
You’re the angel out of hell from the crust
Ain't a planet on this world we ain't touch
Man, I love when your ass start to fuss
And that crazy little face when you cuss
You know my crazy ass is a nut
Hand on the wheel, hand on my elephant tusk
Hand on her mouth, nah, you ain’t gotta say much
Fuck this, your moan getting loud, shut the fuck up!
That’s why I'm in it and I can’t get out it
Lou said it and she can’t figure it out
I hit the deep end just so I can swim in out it
And once 'Ye finished, then I put my dick in her mouth
Bitch, stop lookin' at me
Hold up, bitch, keep lookin' at me

[Pre-Chorus: Tory Lanez]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the shooters
Wrist game froze, you should see the way we do it
Sexy little bitch she throwin' titties out the window
You from outta town but you know what we get into

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the shooters
Wrist so froze you should see how I been movin'
Shawty said she down enough to flex with all the shooters
Shawty, are you down to give the head to all my shooters, oh

[Verse 1: Tory Lanez]
I came in, I just pulled it off the lot
Sailing like a pirate how I came in with the yacht
I came up off of trapping off the spot
Tell me if you fuckin' cause it's backups if you're not

[Hook: Tory Lanez]
I'm just flexin' too hard, woah
Threesome, sexy two broads, ooh
Every, time I, step out, shit lit
I just, walked in, Heisman, your bitch (straight up)
Boydem tryna catch me with the shooters
Just know I'm down to catch one if you shoot us
And no more puttin' shooters in the Uber
'Cause they can't hop back in it when they

[Pre-Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the girls
They say we bad, I say we some murderers
New bae alert, we ain't fuckin' with the clowns
Didn't I just tell 'em to go turn they goofy down?

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the girls
They say we bad, I say we some murderers
Shawty say he got enough to pay for all my bitches
Shawty, is you down to give the head to all my bitches?

[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
I came in, I just pulled it off the lot
I ain't talkin' ball, every baller wanna shot
I get 'em rocked like a Pyrex in a pot
Tell me if you coppin' 'cause there's backups if you not

[Pre-Chorus: Tory Lanez]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the shooters
Wrist game froze, you should see the way we do it
Sexy little bitch she throwin' titties out the window
You from outta town but you know what we get into

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the shooters
Wrist so froze you should see how I been movin'
Shawty said she down enough to flex with all the shooters
Shawty, are you down to give the head to all my shooters, oh

[Verse 3: Tory Lanez]
I came in, I just pulled up with the slab
She don't know her father but lil' mama call me dad
Go designer shopping, cop it, fucking up the tab
Rich as fuck, my chick thick as fuck, I had to brag

[Hook 2: Tory Lanez]
All these, diamonds, on me (woo)
Don't it, get you, horny? (woo)
It's late, but I, can't leave, it's lit
Rollin', top down, my shit, legit (straight up)
Police tryna catch me with the shooters
You not from the ends, you cannot fool us
I caught a felony and beat that shit the next week
I stack it tall, Lisa Leslie cause

[Pre-Chorus: Tory Lanez]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the shooters
Wrist game froze, you should see the way we do it
Sexy little bitch she throwin' titties out the window
You from outta town but you know what we get into

[Chorus: Tory Lanez]
All I wanna do is go out trappin' with the shooters
Wrist so froze you should see how I been movin'
Shawty said she down enough to flex with all the shooters
Shawty, are you down to give the head to all my shooters, oh

[Hook: Nicki Minaj]
I'm just flexin' too hard (ooh)
He think he gettin' a Minaj (ooh)
Every time we come out, shit lit
I might just go an' upgrade his bitch
I'ma need a driver and a shooter
I'ma need the G5 to Bermuda
If that nigga put you in a Uber
He might as well put you on a scooter (ooh)

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Brr
C-Sick

[Verse 1]
Burning up your hometown streets could set a fire
For the world to catch
Burn it up, no need to reconcile
Come and see me, I'm your west end
Perfect stranger, in America
Lady on that state's so full of style

[Chorus]
Stand up, turn around, beat it out
You gotta sound, Joe
Swing low and now I know
It's hard to let a brother go, Joe

[Verse 2]
The many boots that you have laced could tell a story
Comin' night and day
No one said that you would need a crowd
The many lands that you have graced could make a case that
There is no better make
And now I only see your face in clouds

[Chorus]
Stand up, turn around, beat it out
You gotta sound, Joe
Swing low and now I know
It's hard to let a brother go, Joe
Stand up, turn around, beat it out
You gotta sound, Joe
Swing low and now I know
It's hard to let a brother go, Joe

[Bridge]
Tell me so
Do you know
Does it show
When I'm low

[Verse 3]
And then again, when I feel your love from far away
I think of yesterday
I see a family, we know how to smile
There comes a time when you must rock another world and
We will get along
There comes a time when we will walk that mile

[Chorus]
Stand up, turn around, beat it out
You gotta sound, Joe
Swing low and now I know
It's hard to let a brother go, Joe
Stand up, turn around, beat it out
You gotta sound, Joe
Swing low and now I know
It's hard to let a brother go, Joe

[Chorus]
Don't ever let me go, don't ever let me go
Just promise me forever so I'll never be alone
Don't ever let me go, don't ever let me go
Yeah, I would die a thousand times to hold your body
Clo-o-o-o-ose, o-o-o-o-ose, o-o-o-o-oh, o-o-o-o-oh

[Verse 1]
Don't ever let me go, I need you when you know
My diamond and my rose, don't turn my heart to stone
Don't ever let me go, I'm ballin but I'll go, yeah
You're kissing me so slow, and all I want is you

[Pre-Chorus]
On my mind, everyday 24/7 no I can't deny
I would die if you leave, it's kinda psycho but I won't survive

[Chorus]
Don't ever let me go, don't ever let me go
Just promise me forever so I'll never be alone
Don't ever let me go, don't ever let me go
Yeah, I would die a thousand times to hold your body

[Verse 2]
Don't ever let me go, can't make it on my own, yeah
Got angels in your eyes, you promise me for life

[Pre-Chorus]
On my mind, everyday 24/7 no I can't deny
I would die if you leave, it's kinda psycho but I won't survive

[Chorus]
Don't ever let me go, don't ever let me go
Just promise me forever so I'll never be alone
Don't ever let me go, don't ever let me go
Yeah, I would die a thousand times to hold your body

[Intro: Young Thug]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name, yeah

[Refrain: Young Thug]
Hold on, hold on, big ol' racks
Rat-a-tat-tat, whack
Lay my hat in your house on your rack
Like what, what, slatt, woo-woo

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
New Moncler, baby, take my jacket
Yeah, straight from the bottom of the slaves and the wolves
I done came from the bottom of the ken', got rich
They schemed with a MAC 10
That nigga back, but they shot ten
By the time a pop a bean, they rotten
Niggas know air, what you want?
Commas'll bring you where you want, huh
Tryin' not to sin it, but it's hard, uh
Projects, ask what your girl what you want
Nigga, she will suck your dick in the car, yeah
Come in here, make her fiend, 'bout to make the J finger-fuck my rims
Little Red Ridin' Hood, I was servin' that boy the same color Timbs
Rollies come plain and Pateks, pay off your debt, bet a wrist on your neck, yeah, yeah
I'm in the kitchen, I'm whippin', my bitch is sayin' "Get it," I look like I'm Belly, uh
I took the top off the Range, then put Chanel on all of my mains
I looked her right in her eyes and told the bitch to say my name
Make her say (Hey)

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Baby, say my name
Baby, say my name

[Refrain: Young Thug]
Hold on, hold on, big ol' racks
Rat-a-tat-tat, whack
Lay my hat in your house on your rack
Like what, what, slatt, woo-woo

[Verse 2: Dae Dae]
Bitch, I won't never change
Everybody 'round me gettin' money gang, gang
In the trap with them racks on me and all my chains (damn)
The phone tapped, bitch, I don't wanna talk to you no more
Nigga, run it up (run it up, run it up, run it up)
Young nigga ride with the blue racks
Young nigga proud to do this (young nigga)
Fuck outside on due dates (woo)
My niggas gon' ride, go do that (niggas gon' ride)
My niggas gon' slide, gon' shoot that (niggas gon' slide)
You killin' my vibe don't do that (killin' my vibe)
Make her say me name
Ice out all my chain, yeah, pocket full of pain
We are not the same, fashion that's my lane
Mashin' in my lane, don't try it bitch he trained
I'm slidin' when it rain, she proud to say my name

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name
Make her say my name, yeah, hold on

[Verse 3: Young Thug]
I told the bitch keep on sellin' the baby doo
I told that nigga I'll turn his shirt straight to his skin and I'll fuck up his sweater too
I was just tellin' my ex when it come down to bitches I got me an avenue (woo)
I was just tellin' my ex when I catch her lil' boyfriend, I'll fuck 'round and wack him too (hey)
I was just tellin' my ex I could fill up the room with her friends, I'm just tellin' you (yeah)
I was just tellin' my ex I could fill up the room with these hoes, it's an avenue
I was just tellin' my ex I could fill up the room, make it turn to an avenue
I was just thumbin' through checks and the big ol' blue hundreds on me, little...
Money on me and my niggas, they loyal, my bitches too
I just left tour at my opps, fuck the nigga, they missin', ooh
Red syrup sippin' motherfucker, ooh
Maserati forks when I eat, ooh

[Verse 1]
Green are the color of the eyes of the man I love
He's hard to take and hard to touch
And green is the color of the sea in the early month
Of mid july, ti amo much

[Pre-Chorus 1]
You get so mad when I complain
You think I'm crazy but
I hear them talk they say my name
They're fucking tired of

[Chorus]
All these beautiful people with beautiful problems, yeah
Beautiful people and god knows I've got them
She wants to die (lie-la-lie)
And she should fucking try (lie-la-lie)

[Verse 2]
Red is the color of your mouth when you drink rum punch
You like to lie in yellow sun
And red are the color of your eyes when you drink too much
You pack your place, you pack a punch

[Pre-Chorus 2]
You get so tied to me to stop
I'm ruining our love
But I walk by I hear them talk
They're fucking tired of

[Chorus]
All these beautiful people with beautiful problems, yeah
Beautiful people and god knows I've got them
She wants to die (lie-la-lie)
And she should fucking try (lie-la-lie)

[Bridge]
She wants to die (I can tell you what I really want)
Lie-la-lie (I can tell you what I really want)
And she should fucking try (I can tell you what I really want)
Lie-la-lie (I can tell you what I really want)

[Outro]
All these beautiful people with beautiful problems, yeah
Beautiful people and god knows I've got them
Beautiful people with beautiful problems
Beautiful people with beautiful problems

[Verse 1]
How would you feel if I walked up to you one day
And ripped your heart out?
How would you feel if I said to you
"That's how I feel you're treating me"
"That's how I feel that you're treating me"

[Chorus]
'Cause I feel like I'm losing you
Oh how can that be true?
I know you want me too

[Verse 2]
And how would you feel if I walked up to someone else
And ripped their heart out?
How would you feel if I said to you
"That's how I feel"

[Chorus]
'Cause I feel like I'm losing you
Oh how can that be true?
I know you want me too
Yeah I feel like I'm losing you
Oh how can that be true?
I know you want me too

[Bridge]
How could you lie to me time and time again?
I'm getting tired of everything you say
But I want you anyway

[Chorus]
Yeah I feel like I'm losing you
Oh how can that be true?
I know you want me too

Yeah I feel like I'm losing you
Oh how can that be true?
I know you want me too
(Yeah)
She's just a kid in her head
But she knows what you said
And she knows what you said
I know exactly what to do
But I wouldn't do it for you
I wouldn't do it for you
I remember I went crazy
You should know
'Cause you are me
You should know
Cause you are me
This kid's got his fender strat
Cause music's where it's at
But I could choke the little brat

Everybody knows
Yeah, everybody knows it

Our hearts are the holy ghost
That's what I believe most
That what I believe most
If you love him
Then let him go
What a fucking joke
What a fucking joke
Maybe one day
You'll come down
And you'll stick around
And I'll stick around
Stop trying 'cause
You're not a clown
And I know that's a frown
Yeah, I know that's a frown
Everybody knows
Yeah, everybody knows it

[Intro]
Yayo, yayo
Mula-la
Yayo

[Verse 1]
Bitch better have my money
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?

[Buildup]
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my

[Breakdown]
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Like bra, bra, bra
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Bitch better have my
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya

[Refrain]
Louis XIII, and it's all on me, nigga, you just bought a shot
Kamikaze, if you think that you gon' knock me off the top
Shit, your wife in the backseat of my brand new foreign car
Don't act like you forgot
I call the shots, shots, shots

[Bridge]
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?

[Verse 1]
Bitch better have my money
Y'all should know me well enough
Bitch better have my money
Please don't call me on my bluff
Pay me what you owe me
Ballin' bigger than LeBron
Bitch, give me your money
Who y'all think y'all frontin' on?

[Buildup]
Bitch better have my
Bitch better have my
Bitch better have my
Bitch better have my

[Breakdown]
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Like bra, bra, bra
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-ya
Bitch better have my
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Yay-yay-yay-ya
Bitch better have my money

[Verse 2]
Turn up to Rihanna while the whole club fuckin' wasted
Every time I drop, I am the only thing y'all playin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'
In a drop top, doin' hundred, y'all in my rearview mirror racin'

[Bridge]
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?
Like bra, bra, bra
Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Where y'all at?

[Outro]
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money
Bitch better have my money

[Verse 1: 070 Shake]
Ah, uh-uh, ah
I saved you from the ring, from the ring of fire
Uh, now you let me fill all your desires
Does this make you think? Does this make you shout?
Does this make you think? Does this make you think?
Does this make you shout?
Open it up
Every time you blink, every time you blink
The darkness is around
Roaming through the streets, lonely as can be
Every time you sneeze, God don't bless you, God blessing me
Ah, and don't be walking all alone
'Cause these thoughts are unpure just like yours
Don't be walking all alone, don't be walking all alone
Don't be walking all alone

[Chorus: 070 Shake]
Name somebody like me, oh
Tell me who sings to you like me, oh woah
Name somebody like me, oh woah
Tell me who sings to you like me, uh
Name somebody like me
Won't you tell me who sings to you like me
Woah woah, woah woah, woah woah
Won't you tell me who sings to you like me

[Verse 2: 070 Phi]
Peace and prosperity on my mental
You keep looking for clarity, I don't get you
Care to be in this rental, I'm looking for ownership
They brought us in here together, I'm looking to own this ship
Like, like, I woke up like Johnny Depp
The lone ranger in the dark shadows
Donnie Brasco tryin' to infiltrate the castle
'Cause they fear the black masses
A public enemy 'cause I ain't here to kiss no asses
We just needed transcendence in this world
Where your friend could be your foe
Waiting for you to blow, coming for what I'm owed
Ain't no fear and nobody cares to wipe away your tears over here, baby

[Chorus: 070 Shake]
Name somebody like me, oh
Tell me who sings to you like me, oh woah
Name somebody like me, oh woah
Tell me who sings to you like me

[Outro: 070 Phi]
Walking alone, yeah, I'm walking alone
Walking alone, walking alone
Walking alone, yeah, I'm walking alone
Walking alone
Walking alone, yeah, I'm walking alone

[Intro]
Sebastian
If this lasts longer than the song or the nightclub, I don't know
It wasn't made for you to swim or you to want to get deep, you're only shallow
Very careless I have been, this sweater ninety-six
That's before my time, before I even exist, before I even exist
Before I even existed, yeah, before I even existed

[Pre-Chorus]
Did I want to get rich, did I want to live?
Did I want to bring what I got to the block
To the block like this (This), like this (This), like this (This, this)?
Did I even exist, did I want to live?
Did I want to bring what I got to the block
To the block like this (This, this, this-is-is)?

[Chorus]
And the people that I met make it bigger
And I can promise you I'm doin' better
And I can't leave you much, just this glitter
And I can't leave you much, just this glitter, just this glitter
All over your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body

[Verse]
All the sudden this, all day
That's twenty-four hours outside of the gym
It's been nineteen tears to nineteen years
And now is that you wanna question
How, when, where, and who I have been
This time I don't be losin' my head
Truth is I don't wanna lie again
Truth is I wanna find myself again
Tell me my friend, my friend (Friend-end-end)
When did I lose it? My friend (Friend-end-end)
Tell me my friend, my friend, my friend (Friend-end-end)
When I did lose it, lose it again (Again-gain-gain-gain)?
I've been drinkin' lots to forget about the news (News, news, news)
I know when I sober up I'll have to pay my dues
My friend, my dearest friend (Friend-end-end)
When did I lose it? Ah

[Pre-Chorus]
Did I want to get rich, did I want to live?
Did I want to bring what I got to the block
To the block like this (This), like this (This), like this (This)?
Did I even exist, did I want to live?
Did I want to bring what I got to the block
To the block like this (This, this, this-is-is-is)?

[Chorus]
And the people that I met make it bigger (Bigger-er-er-er)
And I can promise you I'm doin' better
And I can't leave you much, just this glitter
And I can't leave you much, just this glitter, just this glitter
All over your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body (This glitter)
All around your body

[Outro]
All over, all over your body, all over your body
All over your body, your body
All over your body, your body
My friend-end-end-end, end-end-end, end, end-end-end
Friend-end-end-end, friend-end-end, friend, end-end-end
Friend-end-end-end, end-end-end, end, end-end-end
Friend-end-end-end, friend-end-end, friend, end-end-end, end

[Chorus]
And my eyes start to wander to the other girls, to the other side, yeah
And my heart starts to wonder, is it okay, is it alright? Yeah
And I'm not too fond of all the arguin' and all the fightin', yeah
And I'm lost in love, I just want to hug all through the night, yeah

[Verse 1]
It's the morning baby, I'm about to slide, no cha-cha
Your girl ain't passion, more like Prada
We don't do the potion, man we always take alot of it
I wash it down just with a little molta
Little silver, little gold, and I want both
There's freaks in the street so you know you gotta hold
Screamin' in my face and you're gettin' real bold

[Pre-Chorus]
Gettin' real tough, you know, you know
I don't want to get rough, you know, you know
I don't want to lose your love, you know
I don't want to lose your love, ayy
I don't want to lose your love

[Chorus]
And my eyes start to wander to the other girls, to the other side
Yeah, yeah, and my heart starts to wonder, is it okay, is it alright? Yeah
Jersey, who next? Jump in, let's go

[Verse 2]
Now you see, see, see, see, see what I mean
She walk, she walk
She said things with her art, she doesn't really talk
I'm racin' with the time and I'm fightin' with the clock
Tock, tick tock, tock tock
I'm fuckin' with the band baby, this is how we rock

[Pre-Chorus]
I don't want to get rough, you know, you know
I don't want to lose your love, you know
I don't want to lose your love, ayy
I don't want to lose your love

[Verse 3]
It's later in the evening, I'm playin' on her keys and, ayy
As down as one can be, yeah, what's goin' on inside of me? Ayy ayy
I just want time, I want a dream, ayy
I try one time, I want a dream, ayy
I smoke one time, I want a dream, ayy
I want one time, I want a dream
I want a dream, I want a dream

[Chorus]
I break the mirrors into pieces, I break the mirrors into pieces
I just can't escape from the demons, I think I gotta end them
Yeah, I think I gotta end them all, ah-ah-all (I think)
I think I gotta end them all, ah-ah-all

[Verse 1]
Hey, hey, hey, love is stallin'
Hey, everything drama, I don't wanna hear the gossip
Tell me how to live, please quit all the talkin'
Puta tu madre, así no me hable
I just got your girl in my recents
I don't got the energy to even read it
You can take it or you can leave it, or you can leave it
I pop white, blue, yellow, all for a reason
Six AM, toss and turn, I still can't sleep
Oh, I don't really give a care 'bout what you think
(I pout thing)

[Chorus]
I break the mirrors into pieces, I break the mirrors into pieces
I just can't escape from the demons, I think I gotta end them
Yeah I think I gotta end them all, ah-ah-all (I think)
I think I gotta end them all, ah-ah-all

[Verse 2]
Hey, Mary, Eve and the Xanny fam fucked it up for me, uh
Sorry dummy, honeys are the reasons for the money, ah
You're runnin' bunny, bunny bunny can't hide from me
From me, from me, yeah
I was on Melrose rollin' with my guys
Spray paint 070 on the West Side
I was feelin' good, spent a couple hundred on Prada
Want my diamonds to dance better than my salsa

[Verse 3]
Uh, and I feel like, I don't even love anything anymore
I can't even look in the mirror anymore
I'm breakin' into pieces (I'm breakin' into pieces)
And I feel like I can't even love right now anymore
And now everything I dreamed of
Is escapin' my mind, and now I just want to be old
And I can't really see you (I can't really see you)
I know you dressed up for me tonight but I just can't see you
I know you did your makeup all for me tonight
And you look so good, but I can't even see you
'Cause I can't even see myself
And I can't even see my, in-in myself
So how am I gon' see you?
Yeah, oh
But I, I got some reasons
I don't got four, five, six baby, I got seven reasons, I got seven reasons
I got seven reasons, I don't got four, five, six
I got seven reasons, I don't got four, five, six
I got seven reasons, I don't got four, five, six
I got seven reasons, I don't got four, five, six

[Outro]
Mary, Eve and the Xanny fam fucked it up for me, uh
Sorry dummy, honeys are the reasons for the money
M-m-m-m-money

[Verse 1]
Yeah it’s over, it’s over
I’m circling these vultures
Got me praying, man this hunger
Feeling something rotten

Feeling kinda tempted
And I’m pouring out the truth
Just fading out these talkers
‘Cause now all I want is you
I'm sayin’

[Chorus]
Come over here and sit next to me
We can see where things go naturally
Just say the word and I’ll part the sea
Just come over here and sit next to me
And I’ll take you high

[Verse 2]
Well I ain’t frontin' my intention
Got your man outlined in chalk
It's a midnight intervention
Got no plans to make it stop
Last time I saw you said you wanna keep it light
But I’m here to tell you
I’m not trying to change your mind
It’s alright, ooh, it’s alright, oooh

[Chorus]
Yeah, come over here and sit next to me
We can see where things go naturally
Just say the word and I’ll part the sea
Just come over here and sit next to me
And I’ll take you high

[Bridge]
It's alright
It's alright
Yeah, It's alright

[Chorus]
So come over here and sit next to me
We can see where things go naturally
Just say the word and I’ll part the sea
Just come over here and sit next to me

[Outro]
Ooh
Ooh
Ooh

[Verse 1: Still Woozy & ODIE]
Oh, you for the whole last week
Have been laughin', cussin' and yelling in your sleep (Why?)
I think it through
What the hell you watching, boo?
Is there something supernatural fucking with you? (Really though)

[Chorus: Still Woozy]
Well I know that it's only time
But let me see what's on your mind
I could see what's on your mind
What's on your mind?
Why are you so damn cute?
Make a fool of me, I won't die
Why?
What's on your mind? What's on your mind?

[Bridge: ODIE & Still Woozy]
(You see my love, wish it don't break
Wish it don't break)
Safe is your heart, lover
You know we should start
Learn to be open, be open
Safe is your heart, lover
Safe is your love
You know we should start
Learn to be open, be open

[Verse 2: ODIE & Still Woozy]
She could paint the sky like a photo, yeah
And baby we should never know it
If we don't, if we won't try
We could live a life full of color
If you want (If you want)
Let me know
We'll escape the pigeon hole (pigeon hole)
It's our world, so go, girl
Let's get it on

[Chorus: Still Woozy]
Well I know that it's only time
But let me see what's on your mind
I could see what's on your mind
What's on your mind?
Why are you so damn cute?
Make a fool of me, I won't die
Why?
What's on your mind? What's on your mind?
And this morning felt peculiar when I got up
Different nigga in the mirror I had to size up
Rooted with the blinds up
This flock quiet, rather go to where they robbin'
I promise you though, it's all here
The falls and the rise
And the dark in the light be the truth when you find it
Success is options, stress get awful
If that nigga over seven then I bet he watching Sweaty often
Cause my water calm and deep
Y'all still creeks, gon' drop eventually, still
Not gon' miss him, and that thought just tickle
Repent, think I must have lost a piece of my lung to this sink
You know you can't run from no repercussions
Can't run with the reaper, leave fucking sleeves ina brushing
It's bleak in the bumble that most my peoples grew up in
Came up from the street beside the misleadi