ility because I was representing a bunch of people who never got represented before. I felt this responsibility to correct that situation, to be like, "Look, you can't discriminate against refugees and Muslim people and blah, blah, blah . . ." Now I don't feel that so much . . . It's complicated. Hold on a second. Are you there? I just got stung by a bee.

KW: Are you serious?

M: Yeah. It's the first time I've ever been stung.

KW: You have to be careful with that. Some people have
major allergic reactions!

M: I know. I'm wearing flower-print pants. I think he thought I was a bunch of flowers.

KW: Drawn in by the flowers. That's great.

M: Anyway, getting back, do you feel a responsibility?

KW: That's a very complicated question. When I was growing up and going to art school and learning about African-American art, much of it was a type of political art that was very didactic and based on the '60s, and a social collective. I feel sometimes constrained by the expectation that the work should be solely political. I try to create a type of work that is at the service of my own set of criteria, which have to do with beauty and a type of utopia that in some ways speaks to the culture I'm located in. But Americans are so overly fixated on racial identity-and on identity in general.

M: I know. As an artist I could either sit there with a chip on my shoulder and just chip away every day, or I could transcend all of it, which really makes it about what you're actually saying-not being based on the burdens of the past but trying to make the world make more sense to you. If I actually had a chip on my shoulder and started, like, race bashing, they would have been more used to that. In school I was like, "I want to be a filmmaker." And they were like, "Well, you can't be a serious filmmaker if you're not wearing a plaid shirt." You can't turn up at college in stilettos and say you're gonna be a filmmaker. They were teaching me avant-garde filmmaking, where I had to make films that were, like, an hour long about nothing. 

[Wiley laughs] I just refused to do it, you know?

KW: It seems incredibly self-indulgent.

M: I just couldn't be like that, because this week this is what's happening in my life: So-and-so is going to jail, so-and-so got evicted, I'm getting busted for this, and blah, blah, blah. There was just, like, real-life shit going down in my house all the time. There was no need for me to go to college and learn how to film a blue screen for half an hour. I did my thesis on CB4 

[1993]. Everyone freaked out. They tried to have me kicked out of school. They thought I was disgusting.

KW: I think there's something important in going against the grain, and perhaps finding value in things that aren't necessarily institutionally recognized.

M: Exactly! I want to find a taxi driver in India and ask him where he got the sticker that goes across his windshield. That decorative choice comes from the idea that maybe it's good to tell your vehicle apart from everyone else's when you get off of break.
KW: Right, very real.

M: They also do it because they want to show off. If they buy a shop, they're gonna name the shop after their kid. If they drive a taxi, they name the taxi after their mom.

KW: This sort of reminds me of growing up in South Central Los Angeles back in the '80s, you know, where so many people were flossing down Crenshaw Boulevard with their lowriders and hydraulics and stuff, and it was this major scene. For me it was always important to internalize that type of flossing. When I was at Yale, most of the students there were obsessed with this type of neo-minimalism that thought that any garish display or show of emotion or visceral beauty was something to be scoffed at. I think conversely it made me revert back to some of the more ornate or baroque features of black American culture.

AT YALE, MOST OF THE STUDENTS THERE WERE OBSESSED WITH THIS TYPE OF NEO-MINIMALISM. I THINK IT MADE ME REVERT BACK TO SOME OF THE MORE ORNATE OR BAROQUE FEATURES OF BLACK AMERICAN CULTURE.
—KEHINDE WILEY

M: That's exactly what happened with me. Because I spent time in L.A., too, growing up on gangster rap. My cousin was a gangster bitch, and she knew the Bloods and the Crips and she was Sri Lankan, so we'd go to all these clubs down on Crenshaw. Then I would come back to college at Saint Martins, and I was learning a whole other way. Like having that whole '90s hip-hop from L.A. and then going to Saint Martins, where it's all the Britpop stuff about being shy and hating yourself. I was a Sri Lankan refugee, like, the scum of society, and then I went right to Los Angeles, into African-American culture, and it was just incredible. I've never seen black people like that in England. In England black people still live within the parameters of white society. It was an eye-opener. Then I'd be in school and the students would be like, "I'm white, and I'm male, and I don't know what to do, I hate myself." I was just like, there is this contemporary culture in America that's writhing with so much good shit and bad shit that no one is really making art out of yet, you know?

KW: Sometimes there's that tipping point, where societies -embrace who they are without necessarily needing a dominant culture or center to recognize the periphery. I remember being in Nigeria back in 1997 and meeting a bunch of MCs practicing their skills outside this bar and I was just like, "This is an amazing scene!" And how many people really know about what was going on in the hip-hop scene in Nigeria back in the early '90s? These guys were really complaining about how they just couldn't get any play at home and how most of what was consumed in terms of black culture was American. Of course, now you go to Nigeria and it's a completely different scene. It's just overrun with amazing acts. And I think that's kind of indicative of a type of self-confidence that people develop when they recognize their own ability to create.

M: Yeah. Also, it could be the sort of declining grip of the American MTV-nation culture-the fact that MTV doesn't play so much music anymore. When I would go to Africa I used to get really pissed off that people would listen to 50 Cent in, like, a mud hut and want DVD players and a GPS in their SUVs, you know?

KW: Now, why would that piss you off?

M: I felt pissed off because I realized that you have to teach people in a clichéd way how to be happy-and happiness has become too one thing in American media. Achieving happiness is not really about having a flat stomach and the best car.

KW: Personally-and this comes from my experiences of seeing people from very hard lives, working their way toward a sort of middle class, and really wanting to embrace the signifiers for success-the question has always been, who am I to tell them that that's crap? You know, it's not for me, perhaps it's not my style but . . . 

[sighs] I know your feelings.

M: That's fine! You can say, "Get the SUV," but you can't say, "Get the SUV before you get a house." You know what I mean? Okay, there's a kid in a mud hut. I don't want to teach him bad habits because I live in Brooklyn. Brooklyn, New York City! And I feel like I'm living in the dead weeds of hip-hop. I live in the graveyard of what went wrong with hip-hop.

KW: Well, what went wrong with gangster rap?

M: It's not even gangster rap-it's just what's wrong with hip-hop. It became so one-dimensional; itbecame like a businessman thing. It's run out of creativity. It went so far off about making money that now everyone can do it.

KW: I wonder, though, because I think about this quite a bit when I think of someone like Jeff Koons, whom I admire quite a bit, but aesthetically this type of emptiness is the point-this type of soullessness and devotion to the signifiers of happiness and consumption. Are you prepared to say that that type of hip-hop-soulless, empty hip-hop-is interesting on some level?

M: Well, I would have said, "yeah, it was," 10 years ago. But now I've had 10 years-

KW: 

[laughs] It's not funny anymore!

M: Yeah, it's not funny anymore. It's good you're taking your work everywhere and you're making it global. I think all relevant work needs to be like that.

KW: One of the really great things about working in Lagos is that it's such a crazy assault on the senses. The population has been rising since oil was discovered there in the late '60s, but public sculpture has been there since even before the colonial years. All my models are asked to choose which pose they're going to assume, and those poses are derived from portraits of former colonial masters or generals or military dictators or what have you, many of them cast in public squares. What comes out of people's minds about which person they'd prefer to be, now that they've been asked to sort of open their eyes to what's been there in their own backyard-

M: I have this artist I work with called Afrikan Boy. He was on my album, and he's from Lagos, Nigeria, and he's always like, "I want to be the African dream!" I think that's so cool. I like the way he represents more than that modern outsider.

KW: If I were going to paint you, if I could paint you as any historical figure, who would it be? Now, you have to realize it's all your look and feel, but I'm asking you about the pose.

M: A historical figure?

KW: And think about it in terms of a preexisting iconic work of art. For instance, when Ice-T came by, he wanted to be this really great painting of Napoleon by Ingres.

M: It's really hard. There are so many people who -inspire me. I'll have to think about it and e-mail you.

KW: Okay.
The summer wind, came blowin' in from across the sea
It lingered there, to touch your hair and walk with me
All summer long, we sang a song
And then we strolled that golden sand
Two sweethearts, and the summer wind

Like painted kites, those days and nights they went flyin' by
The world was new, beneath a blue umbrella sky
Then softer than, a piper man, one day it called to you
I lost you, I lost you to the summer wind

The autumn wind, and the winter winds
They have come and gone
And still the days, those lonely days they go on and on
And guess who sighs his lullabies
Through nights that never end
My fickle friend, the summer wind
The summer wind, warm summer wind, the summer wind

[Intro]
I be the Thugga, hold on, ok
Who are you? I don't know, I don't know
Ayy, ayy

[Chorus]
Rosé goin' right inside the kitchen (Woo)
I might be a lame if I don't pay that ho tuition (Yeah)
I find out like two weeks ago that I was pimp (Sheesh)
I don't stack that shit by the four 'cause I'm not a shrimp (Nah)
Hell yeah, bae, I do it (What?)
Put that shit on everything, she know I do it (Yeah, yeah)
Fuck that work, I might not do it (Sike!)
Like my daddy or the school, I might listen to it
(Yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah)

[Verse 1]
My clothes, they by Elizabeth Taylor baby
Fuck on your lil' bitch and get to moving with the skaters baby
I can go around the bitch like equators, baby
And I feel free like the mothafuckin' nature baby (Yeah)
That lil' bitch fit the description like a blazer, baby (Yeah)
And she from L.A. just like the mothafuckin' Lakers, baby (Yeah)
Yea-ah-ah (Sheesh)
I'ma fire shots off like I know Brian Nichols (Bow)
I just might ride or die for my niggas (Skrt)
They talkin' life sentence I'll try with my niggas (Skrrrt)
And I will beat trial with my niggas (I will)
How you gon' eye my niggas? (Why?)
Tell me, how you gon' try my niggas? (What?)
How you goin' back and forth ‘bout my niggas? (Nah)
Yeah, flaws and all, my nigga (Flaws)

[Refrain]
Flaws and all (Flaws), spell it with my dawgs, yeah
Flaws and all (Hey), even with my paw (Hey), yeah (Woah)
Flaws and all, Versace drawers for your broad, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Flaws and all, yeah (Sheesh, sheesh)

[Chorus]
Rosé goin' right inside the kitchen (Woo)
I might be a lame if I don't pay that ho tuition (Yeah)
I find out like two weeks ago that I was a pimp (Checks)
I don't stack that shit by the four 'cause I'm not a shrimp (Nah)
Hell yeah, bae, I do it (Yeah)
Put that shit on everything, she know I do it (Yeah, yeah)
Fuck that work, I might not do it (Sike!)
Like my daddy or the school, I might listen to it
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Verse 2]
Tell me how you see the nigga take the spots
And knock a nigga straight off the spots
I mean how the fuck you think you gonna beat the Thugger
Defeat the Thugger, Don’t bleach Young Thugger (Woah)
I mean how the fuck, you’ll need the Thugger (Thugger)
You’ll please the Thugger, you’ll eat the Thugger
No leasing Thugger (What? What?), yeah, no leasing Thugger
The bitch so clean, it's a shame I don't love her
Yeah, never love these bitches
When I ran my money up I started duckin' these bitches
She eat the dick so much, I ain't never seen the bitch in the muhfuckin' kitchen (Yeah)
Baby, I love you, in a house full of grown folks, baby, I love you (Love you)
Swear to God, you my bread and butter (Butter)
You can get my all if the Feds destroy us (Yeah)
I'ma keep my feet in these streets (Yeah)
Like a "D", we can go straight overseas (Yeah)
Put purple in my brain just like a leaf (Yeah)
If the bitch got class, yeah, she can come with me (Yeah)
I ain't gotta tell these hoes, they know I'm prince of the city (Yeah)
I just might pull up with bad bitches and take 'em to the trenches
(Skrrt)

[Chorus]
Rosé goin' right inside the kitchen (Woo)
I might be a lame if I don't pay that ho tuition (Yeah)
I find out like two weeks ago that I was a pimp (Checks)
I don't stack that shit by the four 'cause I'm not a shrimp (Nah)
Hell yeah, bae, I do it (Yeah)
Put that shit on everything, she know I do it (Yeah, yeah)
Fuck that work, I might not do it (Sike!)
Like my daddy or the school, I might listen to it
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Refrain]
Flaws and all, spell it with my dawgs, yeah
Flaws and all, even with my paw, yeah
Flaws and all, Versace drawers for your broad, yeah
Flaws and all, yeah
I put on my niggas, what else Imma do
Give a fuck bout this money bought momma a crib my sister one too
My grandmama next, she don't want to move
I throw her some racks before I go and buy one of these bitches some shoes

[Intro]
Lickwood means "rewind", gunshot means "forward"
You requested it so we rewind

Omelly what's up
Small side one-eight BH we straight
North side, Berks what up
Philly!

[Verse]
I got enemies got a lot of enemies
I don't really fuck with these niggas in the industry
Know a couple niggas from the hood want to finish me
And put me on a t-shirt RIP and memory
So I'm riding around with a drum on the Glock
On the gram niggas said I couldn't come to my block
So I came through that bitch me myself in a drop
Niggas know they touch me bllllrrrrr something get dropped
Man I don't bang with these suckers I don't play with no hoes
I do the walk through for 60 and get like 80 a show
And I don't got out no single I thinking maybe they know
Meek Milly realest to do it and I can play at the floor ya heard
I got enemies got a lot of enemies
We fucking to Dej Loaf me you and some Hennessy
She gon' suck me off 'til she drain me of my energy
Flexing, it be fucking with these niggas mentally
Is Instagram hurting your heart nigga
VS stones on me still work in the dark nigga
Hundred and six shots pull up and park niggas
Jump in the big drop button to start nigga
Murder was the case that they gave us spanked it
Real niggas back in style they should thank us
All these rap ass niggas really wanksters
Real recognize the real you a stranger
Hoes sell their souls for some baller alert
Niggas and they fake jewels need a frauding alert
Put me on watch buster tell 'em all what its worth
Bet they say couple milli Audemar with the works
New roll bust down call that Big Meech
Every time I drop shit hot fish grease
Every time you drop it is not that heat
Called your album seven days boy that shit weak
Motivating the hood still hot in the burbs
Still getting this money they think we got them birds
Every time I spit that's a thousand a word
Spoke it right to the system they say its power in words
Nigga we chosen we was chosen
Me Omelly had them hoes in now its Rollses
Back to back screaming told ya, niggas owed us
And they said they would expose us never showed us
Fuck them niggas though
I got enemies got a lot of enemies
They was just cooling with me hating call them frienemies
I ain't really tripping we got arms like a centipede
Cause if I lose my cool I could turn them into memories
I'm gone I said I'm gone
Be the same niggas hating on the Chasers mad we ain't put them on
Fuck them niggas though

[Verse 1]
You want me, but he needs you
Yet you're tellin' me that everything's cool
Tryin' to convince me, to do as you say
Just go along and see things your way

[Verse 2]
And keep it on that XO (Oh baby)
Nobody has to know, has to know
Not your momma, not your sister, not your daddy
Just keep it on that XO (Yeah-ah-ah)
Nobody has to know, has to know, has to know, oh
Don't let them haters get the best of u all them haters out there just jealous broads they wanna have it like u all them haters out there can't be like u they mad cause they can't dance like u they mad cause they don't have swag like u I mean I don't know man why they hatin for I ain't do nothing wrong so why they hatin they just jealous of you they don't have stuff like u or they don't look like u

[Verse 1]
Sometimes, I get impatient but she cools me without words
And she comes so sweet and softly, my hummingbird
And have you heard that I thought my life had ended
But I find that it's just begun cause she gets me where I live
I'll give all I have to give, I'm talking about that hummingbird

[Chorus ]
Oh, she's little and she loves me too much for words to say
When I see her in the morning sleeping
She's little and she loves me to my lucky day
Hummingbird, don't fly away

[Verse 2]
When I'm feeling wild and lonesome, she knows the words to say
And she gives me a little understanding in her special way
And I just have to say, in my life I loved a woman
Because she's more than I deserve and she gets me where I live
I'll give all I have to give, I'm talking about that hummingbird

[Chorus]
Oh, she's little and she loves me too much for words to say
When I see her in the morning sleeping
She's little and she loves me to my lucky day
Hummingbird, don't fly away

[Verse 3]
When I'm feeling wild and lonesome, she knows the words to say
And she gives me a little understanding in her special way
And I just have to say, in my life I loved a woman
Because she's more than I deserve and she gets me where I live
I'll give all I have to give, I'm talking about that hummingbird

[Chorus]
Oh, she's little and she loves me too much for words to say
When I see her in the morning sleeping
She's little and she loves me to my lucky day
Hummingbird, don't fly away

[Outro]
Don't fly away, away, don't fly away, away
Don't fly away, away, don't fly away, away
Don't fly away, away, don't fly away, away
Don't fly away, away
Don't fly away, away, don't fly away, away
Don't fly away, away, don't fly away, away
Don't fly away, away, don't fly away, away

[Intro]
I don't want to sound mad, though
I don't want to sound mad
I feel marvelous right now
Dirty Money

[Verse]
Tell that bitch with the crown to run it like Chris Brown (kyuh)
She run three rounds, I'mma need a hundred thou' (uh)
Like Chinatown, bitches better bow down (yes)
Oh, you ain't know? Bet y'all bitches know now (woo)
Fuck I gotta done to let 'em know that I'm the one? (huh?)
The way I ride the drum, they salute me in the slum (what?)
In the six hun', the color of bubblegum
I'm with my nigga Spits and my nigga Bun'Crum (what up?)
Yes, I'm the one, I'm the motherfuckin' one (kyuh)
Hold more weight than the late Big Pun (oh)
Bitches talk slick but they ain't saying none (no)
Mad 'cause I'm bad, two sticks in my bun (kyuh)
Yes sir, look what I've done (uh)
They r-run-run when I come (huh?)
Bum-stickity-bum, let me tell em' where I'm from (woo)
Queens, little mama, Gabbana, some nice pumps (yeah)
Young Big Mike, Dirty Money
And the new problem in the game
She go by the name of Nicki Minaj
As Ms. Minaj if you nasty (ta-ha)
This shit right here
Is the motherfuckin' Mixtape
Playtime is Over
Find you one, I don't co-sign no bullshit
No more talk, lets get it poppin'!

Phone Rings
Yes Sir! Young Big Mike
Nicki Minaj!
Lets get into another brand new joint
This shit right here is called 1-900
Nicki Minaj, Dirty Money!
Nicki moans
Shout out to Fendi, Gravy!
Shout out to the whole Young Money!
Weezy, what's poppin'?

[Nicki Minaj]
Nicki moans
That tickles
Hey...
You've reached... Nicki Minaj
And umm... I can't come to the phone right now 'cause...
I'm sitting on your favorite rapper's face
Hah!
Umm... anyway...
As soon as I get up...
I'll call you back
Bye

[Verse]
Oh, you saw me smile from across the room
And it made you feel a difference in your skin
But I look away for seconds then you're gone
Call me soon
I don't have anything to do

[Chorus]
Oh, call me soon
I don't have anything to do
La la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la
Call me soon
I don't have anything to do
Oh, call me soon
I don't have anything to do
La la la la la la la la

[Verse 1]
I just met infatuation
It's something in his smile
Now my obsession can't stand the thoughts of you and I
Something takes over, pulls me up onto my feet
Before I know it, I got you pushing up on me

[Pre-Chorus]
On the floor
Under the burning lights
Stranger lurking behind
Hands on this waist of mine
And I don't know where this will lead
But I'm hoping you tell me

[Chorus]
Out here whipping my hair all crazy, baby
Doin' it like I'm at work
I'm making that thang jerk
I'm making that thang twerk (So get up on it, baby)
I'm doin' what I do
I make it move
Got me out here whipping my hair, ahh

[Verse 2]
Baby, I just might have what you need
Sprinkling you with pieces of me
Now let's make it a sight to see, baby

[Pre-Chorus]
On the floor
Under the burning lights
Stranger lurking behind
Hands on this waist of mine
And I don't know where this will lead
But I'm hoping you tell me

[Chorus]
Out here whipping my hair all crazy, baby
Doin' it like I'm at work
I'm making that thang jerk
I'm making that thang twerk (So get up on it, baby)
I'm doin' what I do
I make it move
Got me out here whipping my hair, ahh

[Bridge]
We're flashing pictures
Kodak moment memories
Look at the flickers
Sparks on my camera screen
The buried treasure
Come with me and we will find
Create a perfect world, just for you and I

[Pre-Chorus]
On the floor
Under the burning lights
Stranger lurking behind
Hands on this waist of mine
And I don't know where this will lead
But I'm hoping you tell me

[Chorus]
Out here whipping my hair all crazy, baby
Doin' it like I'm at work
I'm making that thang jerk
I'm making that thang twerk (So get up on it, baby)
I'm doin' what I do
I make it move
Got me out here whipping my hair, ahh

[Breakdown]
Baby, I just might have what you need
Sprinkling you with pieces of me
Now let's make it a sight to see, baby

[Outro]
All them girls in the club, get down tonight
All them girls grab a boy, keep doin' it right
All them girls in the club, get down tonight
All them girls grab a boy, keep doin' it right

[Harmonization]

[Intro & Hook]
Keep it on that XO
Nobody has to know
Keep it on that XO, only XO
I only want you to fuck with XO tonight

[Verse: 1]
You want me, but
He needs you
Yet your tellin' me that, everything's good
Tryna convince me, baby
To do as you say, just
Go along girl and
See things your way and

[Hook]
Keep it on that XO (oh baby)
Nobody has to know
Has to know, has to know (oh, oh)
Keep it on that XO (x7)
Nobody has to know
Has to know, has to know

[Verse: 2]
Didn't know you were down, for him finding out
I thought you had some kind of love, for your man
Well I'm not tryna break up something you been workin' on
But I get it, he tryna get it, that nigga ain't me
I wet it, don't forget it
You looking calm, since the last time I looked at you
It could have been, might of been a couple years
Well I'm not tryna break up something you been workin' on
But I get it, he tryna get it, that nigga ain't me
I wet it, don't forget it
We be all night....

[Part I]

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
Nigga

[Pre-Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
Money, money, money, money, money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me, nigga, you not important
I'm focused (Two, three, four)
Bring in the horns

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator & Kanye West]
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket
I'm short of a sandwich, I'm peanut butter
Boyce Watkins a faggot, please come and get me (Two, three, four)
Said I suckin' at your neck, like a hickey, boy, I'm sicky (Two, three, four)
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin' with me
I got banned from New Zealand, why they called me a demon (Yeah)
And a terrorist? Goddamn it, I couldn't believe it
Ban a kid from a country, I never fall, never timber (Two, three, four)
But you fucked up as a parent, your child idol's a nig​ger
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack, and fuck your Snapchat (Man...)
Cherry Bomb the greatest fuckin' album since the days of sound (Two, three, four)
And that shit gon' pop just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, 'bout to drop, gas 'em up, thick exhaust (Woo)
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin', we the truth, call him Simba, beats his hooves (Two, three, four)
Tyler, The Creator sweatin' Jesus juice
Put that fuckin' cow on my level, 'cause I'm raising the stakes (Why, oh, why don't they like me? They don't like me, oh)
Mom, I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
And when we ate, it was the steaks, now our section is great (Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, don't they like me?)
'Cause that's the level I'm at, my nigga, pass 'em a plate
'Ye!

[Pre-Verse: Kanye West]
Why, oh why, why, why don't they like me? (Two, three, four)
'Cause Nike gave a lot of niggas checks (Two, three, four)
But I'm the only nigga to ever check Nike

[Verse 2: Kanye West & Tyler, The Creator]
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas (Two, three, four)
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin' (Two, three, four)
But I feel like Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippen at my weddin' (Yeah)
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me (Two, three, four)
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em (Two, three, four)
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite of somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?" Yeah, my nigga (Two, three, four)
It's on, it's on, it's on, it's on (Two, three, four)
I know they told they white daughters, "Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype (Woo)
I am the light and the beacon; you can ask the deacon (Ask the deacon)
It's funny, when you get extra money (Two, three, four)
Every joke you tell just be extra funny (Yeah, yeah)
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny (Two, three, four)
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me (Woo) (Two, three, four)
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck
Hold up (Skrrt!)
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level (Two, three, four)
Had a drink with fear, and I was textin' God (Two, three, four)
He said, "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard", uh (Woo)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
For your boy
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors
I'm watchin' Freak and Geeks, got a trampoline in my room
Damn (Two, three, four)

[Part II]

[Verse 3: Tyler, The Creator & Lil Wayne, both]
Hold your fuckin' horses
Niggas really fuckin' thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction
Been exhausted, I been workin'
While y'all silly bros smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin' losers
Hold your fuckin' ponies, my homie
I'll whip your donkey by my lonely, I eat pussy like Shoney's, yeah
It's Tunechi, homie, Master of Ceremonies
I knock 'em down, Domino effect, no pepperoni, I swear(Yeah)
It's them Golf boys, like them Hot Boys (Yeah)
For the nine-nine and two-thousand
But it's the two-thou' and (Yeah)
The one-four and the one-five, yo, what up, Wayne?
What up, Slime? Nigga, go hard
Yeah, I'ma go hard like before came
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad, and she give brain
That's that road head (Yeah), that's a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one-nine-nine-one
'Nother nigga like I, you won't find one
'Cause, nigga, I'm a god, a divine one; Tune! (Two, three, four)
My trigger finger wise, but my 9 dumb (Yeah)
Middle finger blind, so it's fuck A-N-Y-one (Um)
Fuck, skate, and die son, a hundred ways to die, son
I'm starin' at a tramp on lean, make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks, wake my high up
Stakes are high, well done, and prime cut; eat up
I stick my Rollie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness
Wayne, them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy buddy
Ye, we hittin' models like Tony Parker be hittin' bottles
Bitch, I'm goin' harder than yellow cabbies stoppin' for Lionel (Black ass nigga)
They be duckin' us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling (Two, three, four)
Boy, let's get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas, I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses
And a couple trees, where the money grow
And get bodies burnin'
'Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
My new music's all over the street like Erick Sermon was
Fuck us, maybe we should team up
Anti-Golf boys 'cause I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot, ugh! Son, you need Jesus
But I heard he left Sunset to go on tour with Yeezus (That's too harsh)
Well, I'm prayin' for the new Yeezys
And you pussies prayin' that we squash the beef like zucchini
I know, it ain't gain, nor fame, nor tame
Or lame, nor strange, nah, faggot, it's Golf Wang

[Intro: ScHoolboy Q]
Fuck you running for, nigga?
Ayy, nigga, come here, nigga
Let me try that hat on
I told you come over here, stupid bitch
Come over here with that weak ass hat

[Verse: Tyler, The Creator]
All y'all niggas smoking y'all brains out
In the car called life, took the lame route
Going nowhere fast, but you think that you not
'Cause you never hesitate to take the thang out
In the drop top, pop the trunk then pop pop
At his drop top, took another lame out
Oh, you the big nigga? Took a hit nigga?
Well, I hope you understand you ain't shit, nigga
'Cause them niggas whole purpose is to get niggas
And make sure that your mama cry the pain out
Now that gang's out to get you, but you stuck in the same house
Nigga never came out, wow
It's a shame how you got sucked in that life
But hey, man, at least you got a name now
They say you a "real nigga" 'cause you kill niggas
Nuts for that ice and that cream banana peel niggas
Banana clips spill, niggas wanna bang out
For approval, boy, you can't even hang out
That light you hit, it was the light I held
That's why you never ever see me with my chain out
I don't need to, truth they don't feed you
Lies what they got on their plate, they gon' eat you
They got a homie called Karma, he gon' meet you
Better look the other way if he ever see you
And run as fast as you can, nigga

[Outro: ScHoolboy Q & Toro y Moi]
I'm runnin', I'm runnin', I'm runnin'
That's the shit I be talkin' 'bout, though (I'm runnin', I'm runnin')
We ain't tryna hear that shit, my nigga (I'm runnin')
Cuz, stay preachy, cuz (I'm runnin')
Like, nigga, come on, homie (I'm runnin')
I don't wanna hear that shit
Preachy shit, my nigga
Yeah, we all black, who give a fuck, cuz?
I'm runnin', I'm runnin', I'm runnin'
I don't give a fuck, nigga
Whatchu mean?

[Intro: Tyler, The Creator]
I really made this song just so I could perform it
I don't even know what it mean
It means something

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Aw, nah, boy don't cut that wood
Found out your flowers don't smell that good?
But if they smell real good to him
Then he don't need nobody else nose to win
Look, I am a God
Nobody prays to the sight of you
All y'all niggas wear camouflage
I'm in a field wearing pink and blue
I wear pink, they can see me
Nigga, you don't create, you just repeat
Nigga, you don't got drive, you just beep beep
Beep beep, talk shit from the backseat

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Come and light my fire
I'll blow your fucking face off
Nigga, I'm the goddamn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Tie the knot (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Kick the chair (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Float in the air (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
It's cherry bomb

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
You motherfuckers want war? Then come get it
You motherfuckers don't really want it
You motherfuckers want war and I want more
Nigga, fuck you and everything that you come for
You motherfuckers wanna blow?
Pow, pow-pow, pow-pow
Then let's take 'em to the gun store
I don't got enough time, fuck your Rolex, nigga
Don't compare him to mine, 'cause I don't know that nigga

[Pre-Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Come and light my fire
I'll blow your fucking face off
Nigga, I'm the goddamn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Tie the knot (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Kick the chair (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Float in the air (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
It's cherry bomb

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator]
You motherfuckers want war?
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry bomb
Fuck that, light this, that cherry—

[Refrain: Syd, Tyler, The Creator, Both]
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker and I'm ready to blow
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
I'm ready to blow, don't fire me up (I lose control)
Don't fire me up, I lose control (I lose control)
Firecracker, firecracker, firecracker (I lose control)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (I lose co—)
Yeah

[Outro]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
"GOLF 191, Okaga! Playing only classic hits!"

[Intro: Bunny Sigler]
"Yeah!"
"You feel alright?"
"Yeah!"

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
God, goodness gracious
I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces
That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing
And fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew, them niggas is racist
Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook
So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book"
And all them "books" is pissed off and had they page in a bunch
Fucking attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts
But I'm a fraud, I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashing
While me and my favorite author's lips tickle
Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens
Tyler, The Creator fucking kill you with a popsicle
Cold blooded, so we rock mittens so they won't find him
Not kidding, keep the Tommy on me; bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I seemed off, last time that team talked
Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'Preme off
Should've bought some stock in it (Yo, it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it)
Not Golf when the little homies don't—wait, let's weigh my options
I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention
Ain't give none to Hopsin, and dear Boyce Watkins
Why you mad? It's the slave in me
It's facts, boy, I'm back like Rosa Parks's least favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T
While y'all niggas watching the throne, the throne be watching me

[Interlude: Shane Powers, Tyler, The Creator, Bunny Sigler]
"If you fuck this up... There are so many fucking kids right now, listening to this guy."
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")
"Get those wings flapping, motherfucker! 'Cause this kid's ready to fucking fly."
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigga, nigga on the wall
Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball
Tyler, the dark skin arrested in Austin
Cops know who I was cause their kids said the show was awesome
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")
"Tyler, Tyler, I swear to—I swear to fuck! If you fucking... Do not fuck this up! You have the whole world in your fucking hands."
("Yeah!"—"You feel alright?"—"Yeah!")

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
How many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely
Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious
That everybody on this fucking planet lacking confidence
How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!)
Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me?
T a great director, niggas' vision must be blurry
Boy, I get them epic shots like jaywalking in Missouri
Wait, how many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring my album out so I can hear one?
Pour me a drink, shit, I don't know what to think
Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink
Wait, how many leaders in the house?
See why nobody got they hands up? See, that's the issue

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
I don't want you thinking I love you 'cause I stay
Girl, I really like you and happy we got laid
I think about your windows like four times in a day
I'm a pervert with a purpose, like priest who just got saved
Kissing, kissing, I'm on a mission of licking
The holy grail of your body, when you be pissin'
This is a kid from Africa, you, you are a kitchen
I come quicker than pitches from Sammy Sosa
You hoping I'm joking, but first

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Your pussy tighter than door hinges, I munch you like sandwiches
But not any more 'cause I'm on tour, so
Look: FaceTime your clit, I will jack off my dick
I go hard, shit, I might need ice pack on my wrist
We fucking, I'm pumping, you know it's coming
Bust in a couple of seconds, I'm sweating
I leave you slumped in the back of my truck, butt naked
Suck it out of me, I leave you with nuttin', get it?
This is what you wanted, this is what you came for

[Hook: Tyler, The Creator]
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load

[Interlude: Syd & Tyler, The Creator]
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries  (You blow me away)
With your cherry (Cherry Bomb)
Make me feel like 4th of July
(Can't breathe)
Cherry
You light my fireworks
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries  (You blow me away)
With your cherry bomb

[Outro: Shane Powers]
That was new music from the soundtrack of the upcoming film
F-

[honk]
Be caller eight to win tickets to the triple feature at the Moon Theatres tonight
Three back to back to back movies at the Moon Theatres tonight
Be the eighth caller, only on Golf Radio
G-O-L-F, G-O-L-F, it's Golf Radio

[Verse 1: Tyler, The Creator]
Let's just run away from here ('Cause it's not, 'cause it's not)
Working out on Earth, my dear ('Cause It's not, 'cause it's not)
What you really want, girl (ooh)
My heart stops pumping blood when I see you (I see you, when I see you)
But I try to play it cool because (I like you, I really like you)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me...

[Verse 2: Tyler, The Creator]
Let's move to California, right now (Pack your bags, go pack your bags)
I have wings on my back, so we don't (Take the plane, have to take the plane)
Girl, I know you ready, I can see it in your eyes
Boy, I know you're not, I can tell you're terrified
Oh, nobody has to know and if they did, they wouldn't care
When you rub my hands switching fifth gear (Wait)
Forget about it baby, let's not waste our afternoon (Forget about it baby)
'Cause we're gonna go fly to the moon (We're gonna go flyin' to the moon)
Yeah, but anyway (Pack your bags, did you pack your bags)
Leave your crew, bring your coat, 'cause it’s cold (Leave your crew, bring your coat)

[Chorus: Tyler, The Creator]
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me (Oh)

[Verse 3: Alice Smith & Leon Ware]
Don't you wanna go, girl
Let's go, let's go, right now
I think I believe you (Let me show you how girl)
It's nice that I need to (Woah, right now)
The earth is so rough I'm not calling your bluff
What, what, what (She would love that)
I think I believe you, take me higher (Know the way)
Let's make our way over to the Okaga cave
Today (today), there we will stay, (Yes)
Play it cool now, X-Y-Z how?
Welcome me in, then we'll begin

[Verse 4: Tyler, the Creator]
Suckin' on my ears, fingers rubbing through your hair
Fast wind, slow wind, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably couldn't tell but I be blushing when you with me
When you kiss me, swear to God, blood was rushing to my Jimmy
Oh, Laying on my trampoline, looking at the stars
From my fake space fog machine
Laying on my arm, it's dead
From the pressure of your head
I said I loved you, said it back
Like it was scripted, but you meant it
Like the flavor of that lemonade
That we was sipping on our sushi-ridden dinner date
Oh, you think you special now?
Other bitches trippin' now
'Cause we're fleeing to the moon
Fuck Earth, man we sick of y'all
Wings on my backs and we ain't gotta cop a ticket, nah, nah, nah

[Bridge: Leon Ware & Tyler, The Creator]
Oh yeah
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah (Let's go!)
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah, let's go to the moon!
(Watch this) Let's go to the moon!
Oh yeah
(Favorite director)
(Gonna be good)
Come on, baby
What you wanna do?
(I’m happy you came)
(I really like you)

[Outro: Alice Smith, Leon Ware & Tyler, The Creator]
Take me away
Fuck what they say (Okaga, California!)
To another place
Another day (Okaga, California!)
We in outer space
We'll waste our days (Okaga, California!)
Sade, Sade, Sade, Sade
Oh, right now (Okaga, California!)
Yes!
Let's go to the moon (Yes!)
Alright alright let me do it, hold up, shhh
It's about to start

[Chorus]
We can speed in my two-seater
Girl, I got a two-seater
Speed in my two-seater
In my two-seater

[Verse 1]
About a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop
You see, my shit isn't stock
I used to piss in a pot and now I piss on the walls
Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets I have copped
But I can pay for them all
And by the model of my vehicle you know that I ball
E92, but '91 the year that Tyler was spawned
And if I crash, I'm owing wheels like I'm a Vaughn or a Vince
Tiptronic stick or automatic, you pick
Shit is static as shit, sure my shit is AM
Might get that X6 end, don't follow exit him
Might take a back street hidden
House got all sports cars like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious gems
No AMG, it's M, boy, I will eat him Benz
New engine, you got that old shit with those deep rims
You got a warranty, don't care if you scratching rims again

[Chorus]
We can speed in my two-seater
Girl, I got a two-seater
Speed in my two-seater
In my two-seater

[Bridge]
Sit in my passenger seat
You tell me I got too much speed
And I should slow, I should slow down
But I can't, 'cause you driving me wild
Girl, I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes, it's too much
And you can feel the beat in my heart
Girl, I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes, it's too much

[Verse 2]
Yeah
I know some dudes that would find you that carry rugers and shottas
And fucking shoot at your Honda, then fucking zoom out in Mazdas
Them GOLF boys is bad for you like the food from McDonald's
Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin', boy, hakuna matata
Better watch for them hyenas, if you flex, then they swarm
They cashing so many checks, they're calling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna ball like I was Domo O'Connor in '09
Probably September...
Boy, I'm just rhyming these syllables, suck my genitals
Album cover looking like the mascot of the timberwolves
Skate park at Pemberton
Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again
'Cause I killed the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman
Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking Timbaland
By pounds, I mean in (*beep*)
Give it 'til he cop brick like a wall with pig in it
And money coming out the blue
Like cops are changing fits or shit, I'm killin' it
Fuck!

[Verse 3]
Back when Left Brain had the hightop fade (Fade)
And we would go skate on them concrete waves (Waves)
And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump
The beat thump, don't get it twisted, boy, my board's in the trunk (Skate!)

[Skit]
Can you roll my window up?
The fuck you turn my music down for, man?
Can you roll my window up?
Why? Damn!
'Cause it's windy!
But I love it when your hair...

[Verse 4]
Blows, when it blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrrting on these niggas
Skrrting on these bitches
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrrting on these niggas
Skrrting on these bitches

[Interlude]
You can say you don't want to take that drive
But your hair, it blows
(It blows me away)
I know we'll have a good time
You just gotta stop being scared
Just roll
Just come and roll with me
It's all good

[Skit]
Yeah, man, what's good, man? You good? I've been-
I've been chilling, man, I've been doing some push-ups and shit For real?
You know, fifty a day...
Oh, w-w-wait... is that that nigga, Tyler?
I think so
Bitch ass, nigga, here he come to me, man
Fuck this nigga, man, this- this nigga stink...
Wait, be quiet, be quiet
'Ight
My nigga, T, man! What's good, man? You good?
Alright, I see you!
I'm good, man, I'm good, I'm good
Ayy, man, I see you with your little girl, she- she looks... okay
Alright, y'all good, man, alright!
Ayy, your feature don't start for another twenty minutes
So you can go get your shit up, I can get y'all some shit...
And I see you with your little jewels and shit too, man!
Aw thanks, man, I'm trying, man, I'm just trying
Yeah, man, let me know if you need anything
I got you, just- you know... yeah
Alright, um...yeah, we'll probably walk around
And come back when the movie start or whenever
Ight, man, I'ma see you
Ight, my nigga... ight
Fucking faggot, man! I swear to God!
Yeah
Haha, this nigga bitch weak too!
Haha, yeah, she is
Goddammit! I'd still fuck!

[Instrumental Intro]

[Chorus: Syd & Tyler, The Creator]
Find your wings (You're supposed to fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)

[Verse 1: Syd & Tyler, The Creator]
Hey you, whatcha doin' and why you runnin'?
Supposed to fly and take control cause you're the pilot
You can't swim, you're gonna drown, the sharks are comin'
The sky's your home, there's no limit, you know you gotta

[Chorus: Syd & Tyler, The Creator]
Find your wings (Fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)
(My lil nigga, the world is yours, birdy)

[Verse 2: Kali Uchis]
We can go down to the rainbows
Don't let your high keep your brain low
You're a bird
You're supposed to fly away
The way you stand there
Don't let your wings go to waste (Go to waste)
The sky is your home, be free
Be free

[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
Fly with the birds in the wind
Where you wanna go, who, what, why, when? Uh
On a scale of nine to ten
You taking L's baby, hold my hand and feel like the wind, uh
Now fasten your seat belt, and turn everything off
I got your attention, motherfucker, I'm bout to take off
I'm the new pilot in this bitch
And I ain't bring no extra baggage for this trip
But I do bring a terror like I hate America
A brand new camera and a parachute
Nigga, you and I are not the same, we not parallel
Don't talk to me 'fore I fucking embarrass you
Now sit your ass down, you doing three much
I'm the captain on this bitch, don't get it fucked up
Or you'll get fucked up

[Break]

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
I'm so far ahead of you niggas, I'm in the future
Y'all don't even know about my existence, it's like I'm dead to you niggas
I'm saying (I'm saying I'm dead to y’all niggas)
Look, y'all be on the stupid shit
I'm the fucking pilot, your goal is to be the stewardess
I'm the fucking bomb like I was stuffing my shoe with it
The boy's a fucking problem like turbulence boy, get used to it
If anything happens, it's one door
'Cause if I see a building, motherfucker, we're done for
I'ma hit a couple of 'em up, this is parkour
Better call your family and give 'em your last wishes, nigga
And every line dirty, you thought that I dug ditches
But I never give a fuck, it's like I was born dickless

[Refrain: Tyler, the Creator]
I don't wanna crash anymore, I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Til' there's nothing left in the gas tank, I don't wanna crash
I don't wanna crash anymore, I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Til' there's nothing left in the gas tank, I don't wanna crash

[Bridge: Tyler, The Creator, Syd]
(I don't wanna crash)
I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah, uh
(And it's okay if I fall, I just wanna fly)
'Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah, uh
(The wind's getting high, I don't wanna crash)
'Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
(And it's okay if I fall, I just wanna fly)
It's kinda weird
(The wind is getting high)
'Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, look (Say what?)
(Oh, yeah, yeah)

[Outro: Tyler, the Creator]
I'm tryna find a place, a place where I can land at
A place where I can be with no alphabet
Dictating where to stand at
You can buy a car, you can buy many things
You can buy happiness, but you can't buy wings
You can buy a parachute, you can buy a parrot
But you can't buy a pair of wings, aerodynamic
To stay cloud level
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach (Fucked up)
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
It's just crazy how you can have everything in the world, but
You in first class but you feel like coach, damn
That's why I'm in first class, but I feel like coach

[Outro]
I don't wanna—

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator]
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's, nigga keep the O's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the O's, (nigga) keep the O's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"

[Verse 1: Pharrell Williams]
Look, UFO, bow, land
Skrr landed on the ass and
Adidas leaf in the grassland
My finger got a yellow Pac-Man
Blow your purple, go in circles, so inertia
Go reverse it, no rehearsin', gold is perfect
Open curtain, flow inversion, golden person
Yeah I'm nerdy, yeah I'm swerving
Yeah you heard me

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator]
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's, nigga keep the O's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the O's, (nigga) keep the O's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's, nigga keep the O's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the O's, (nigga) keep the O's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
Your garden is full from raking these hoes
A handful of green and a couple of stones
Your lawn mower's foreign, you rent you a home
But nigga, how much of that shit do you own? (Uh)
See me, I don't compromise, I know my accomplishments
Fuck all yo compliments, bitch, I got confidence
I don't need your approval, my nigga, you suck
I do not have to adjust to stunt
Don't talk, don't jump, don't cheer bitch shut the fuck up
You're speedin' and gleamin' and stuntin', so Evel Knievel
You beaming and circle in Bimmers, you hoping them niggas’ll see it
Results may vary, my chain, it's not too heavy
I'll rather pedal smooth on my bike than to crash in that Bugatti
But back to the garden, niggas gon' do you dirty
Already started killing your flowers
It seems impossible, it's the new slave apocalypse
So sad and obvious
All y'all stupid niggas got the whips and no drive

[Hook: Tyler, the Creator]
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
You gotta keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
Keep the O's
You gotta keep the O's

[Bridge: Tyler, the Creator]
Keep the O's
You gotta keep the O's (Keep the O's)
Cause you never know when it's over
You want the doors that go up
You want the girls with the big butts
You want the diamonds, you want the stones
You gotta stunt on these niggas
Stunt on these niggas one time
Find your wings
Find your wings
Find your wings
And fly
Cause you'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly (learn)
Let me tell you what I want you to do
What I want you to do
You'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly
(Learn)
Keep the O's

[Outro: Tyler, the Creator]
I'm rapping about diamonds, and cars, and money now
What the fuck has gotten into me, man
Part 1 - THE BROWN STAINS OF DARKEESE LATIFAH PART 6-12 (Remix)

[Verse 1: Tyler, the Creator]
Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh?
Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh?
Oh, you be trapping out the bando, selling grams, huh?
Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh?
You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need
I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me
See, I looked in the mirror and he said, "You are the man"
And I said, "Hey man, I agree"
Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow
Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow
Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos
They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto
Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo
Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o
Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o

[Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator]
Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr?
I'm the truth and the dare
And you can get your ass beat just like the kick and the snare (Ayo)
ScHoolyboy is my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s
That boy not that bad, eh, it's no Biggie
It's the G-O, and the L-F, we go-go, no homo
We blackout, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy
No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy man (What?)
Been that man since Batman had a sidekick
Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas
And them bitches blue like that family went to a Dodger
Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't bitch, I'm a problem (A problem)
And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin (Yeah)
Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter
All my shows got one black in it like Larry David
And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo (Yeah, uh)
Brent Lowe, mind motherfuckin' been gone
Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole
And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow (Nigga)

[Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator]
Don't get offended, love being darkskinned-ed
Twenty-three with a crib, and I don't got no tenants
And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis
Is that diamonds on your neck? Stay the fuck out my business
See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on
That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron
Motors Flog Gnaw (Skrrr), Vans on, fuck your Jordans
Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals (Yeah, nigga!)
Boy, I'm a sicko, Flaco nigga, but kinda macho
Boy, I got some vatos and shout out to ScHooly, he kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese
Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles
Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that
Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that
Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that (Damn)
(Man, he- he really took the store)

[Verse 4: ScHoolboy Q]
Crack a cracker with a barrel, uh (Yeah)
Gang bang tattoos, this ain't a Louis rag (Rag)
Orange Paisley got me crip crazy (Uh, what's up, cuz?)
Pants heavy, sag to the left with the belt strapped (Strapped)
No face mask, nigga, just toe tags (Bah, bah, bah!)
Still, the blunts getting passed, yeah (Bah!)
Ain't worried 'bout no niggas (Nigga)
I don't grieve over suckers (Suckers)
Gunpowder on my knuckles (Knuckle)
Call the ambulances (Ambulances)
I'm from the era of crip walking (Walking)
You was clown-dancing (Yeah)
You wanna be me, huh? (Huh?)
Cuz is wack in his raps and what he rap, he ain't done (Woah)
It's Top Dawg, Wolf Gang, smell the cat on your tongue (Yeah)
Pussyboy, you fucked over, nigga, control your gums (Uh)
Teeth missing, moms' won't recognize your face when it's lump, woo
My square homie's license, double life in my trunk (Woo)
Mind, power, body, and soul, we break handcuffs (Nigga)
Got a strike on my record, double cups, and duck (Yeah, yeah)
You want the life like us, you need to crip that coast (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You want to steer that wheel, you want to smoke that kill (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Well, who am I?
Part 2 - SPECIAL (Hidden track, physical only)

[Intro]
Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker
Anything that'll piss you muthafuckas off
I don't even smoke and I'm a level above of y'all
Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card

[Hook]
I'm special, nigga
Who the fuck are you?!
I'm special, nigga

[Verse]
They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem
Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers
Lead by example, how?
All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father
Boy, I'ma bring the noise
I got my own beat and we all got drums
What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about
You on your grind but who the one that got the wep at their house?
Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose
This nigga call me a clown, nigga I own the circus
Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded like a papaya
You know I golf bitch like I been sleepin' with Tiger
Woody woody, my mob, mob is goodie we Oddkast
We O-K-K-K just like the clan hoodie
Golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package
In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot
Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga!?
I'm a bad case of I don't even know
I gotta to tear the shit out of this goddamn house
I think that I'ma blow my muthafuckin' brains out
Tyler, take a chill pill, nigga

[Hook: Future]
Fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Let's fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Forty thou to a hunned thou
A hunned thou 'nother hunned thou
Three hunned thou, five hunned thou
A million, let's have a money shower
Fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Let's fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Forty thou to a hunned thou
A hunned thou 'nother hunned thou
Three hunned thou, five hunned thou
A million, let's have a money shower

[Verse: Lil Wayne]
Fuck up some commas, Tunechi
Let's fuck up the future, Future
My homie just robbed an Uber
I get a discount on cruises
Ain't no more Cash Money, just money
A nigga pull up if it's somethin'
They don't call me Jr no more
They call me the number 1 stunna
Give no fuck shit, we don't give no fucks
Put on my tux, here comes the bride in her all white cups
Hundred million to a fuckin' billion
All these broke niggas unfamiliar
My bitch bad, I say, “Mama Mia"
Pants sag like the young Aaliyah, Lil Tunechi

[Hook: Future]
Fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Let's fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Forty thou to a hunned thou
A hunned thou 'nother hunned thou
Three hunned thou, five hunned thou
A million, let's have a money shower
Fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Let's fuck up some commas, let's fuck up some commas yeah
Forty thou to a hunned thou
A hunned thou 'nother hunned thou
Three hunned thou, five hunned thou
A million, let's have a money shower

[Intro]
Gumbo!

You gotta watch your gums on this
But it's, it's very good, it's very healthy

[Skit]
(Not perfect for every situation but edible wrappers could actually beef up your next meal)
You would only want to use the wraps when there's no food associated with the use of the wraps
So, uh, some potential uses include, um, wrapping, bulk-packed in a larger package
And in that case, the, the wrap will actually form into a sauce when you cooked your, your meats
Um, there's also been interest in, um, development of using the wrap and then actually rip up the wrap and consume it that way the next day
(It's hoped edible wrappers will do a couple of things
Create a new demand for produce
Stop throwing out as much garbage as they do
And eat more chitlins)

[Intro]
Yeah, that's about it
This shit sound like what being rich feel like, fo real
This life shit is everywhere, you can't control it
Too much going on
Too much, too much, too much
Too much, too much, too much
You, you, you
Make me wanna take you down through there
Make me wanna take you down through there
I'll take it there

[Chorus 1]
Why you never come to where I stay?
Always hiding out in your New York condo
Why you never come to where I stay?
If anybody knows, girl, you know, I know
Why are we wasting our relationship on a relationship?
Why are we rushing and forcing it?—this isn't making sense
Why are we focused on things
That don't even mean nothing, girl?
Why can we not find the time
And sit down and discuss it, girl?
Let me at least tell you my side of things, man
Aw, man, aw, man, aw, man

[Verse]
Me and you are playing house
Start thinking that I'm losing touch
Got a tight grip on you now
Maybe I should loosen up
When I leave you and I go home
I start forgetting what it is
Start to think I got to get it how I live
We too busy for a wedding or a kid
If I'm working then I know you working
Keep in touch with other women
'Cause you make me nervous
I empower girls that don't deserve it
I don't mean to do that shit on purpose
It's just that when I go home
I start forgetting what it is
The dream is over, I get lost up in the 6

[Chorus 2]
And you don't ever come to where I stay at
You just rather stay up in your New York condo
You don't ever come to where I stay at
If anybody knows, girl you know, I know
Why are we wasting our relationship on a relationship?
You know how sticky these situations get
You go up higher than me some days
You know what I think we could be some day
Let me at least show you my side of things, man
Aw, man, aw, man, aw, man

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg, with Charlie Wilson]
Meet me out, can you make it?
Please don’t make me lie to you, lady
I’m in it, I’m not in it
But poochie say there's women
At the club we finna go
Sip some drink and hit some dro
It’s okay if you don’t go
I’ll make sure to tell you 'bout these pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It's like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many—

[Verse 1: Snoop Dogg]
I keep seeing all the ugly people, hold on
I can see all the pretty people, on
Not saying that I’ve never been wrong
But tonight I got me a hot, come on
Now let me talk to ya, girl

[Pre-Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Snoop Dogg]
For your own, for your information, baby
I’m that winner, you need to go and ask somebody
For your own, for your information, baby
I’m that winner, you need to go and ask somebody

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg, with Charlie Wilson]
Meet me out, can you make it?
Please don’t make me lie to you, lady
I’m in it, I’m not in it
But poochie say there's women
At the club we finna go
Sip some drink and hit some dro
It’s okay if you don’t go
I’ll make sure to tell you 'bout these pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It's like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many—

[Verse 2: Snoop Dogg]
We party to the break of dawn
Every girl just dance with nothin’ on
Where we at, they don’t see nothin’ wrong
Well you know we were outside on the lawn
Now let me talk to ya, girl

[Pre-Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Snoop Dogg]
For your own, for your information, baby
I’m that winner, you need to go and ask  somebody
For your own, for your information, baby
I’m that winner, you need to go and ask somebody

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg, with Charlie Wilson]
Meet me out, can you make it?
Please don’t make me lie to you, lady
I’m in it, I’m not in it
But poochie say there's women
At the club we finna go
Sip some drink and hit some dro
It’s okay if you don’t go
I’ll make sure to tell you 'bout these pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It's like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many—

[Verse 3: Snoop Dogg]
When good music come on
It can get inside your head like porn
By yourself like what you grabbin’ on?
Then look down, it was so much fun
Now let me talk to ya, girl

[Pre-Chorus: Charlie Wilson & Snoop Dogg]
For your own, for your information, baby
I’m that winner, you need to go and ask  somebody
For your own, for your information, baby
I’m that winner, you need to go and ask somebody

[Chorus: Snoop Dogg, with Charlie Wilson]
Meet me out, can you make it?
Please don’t make me lie to you, lady
I’m in it, I’m not in it
But poochie say there's women
At the club we finna go
Sip some drink and hit some dro
It’s okay if you don’t go
I’ll make sure to tell you 'bout these pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It's like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many pros
It’s like somebody’s growin’ them on trees
So many—

[Outro]
Haha, hey
I can tell you right there
Yeah

[Verse 1]
I met you on a midway at a fair last year
And you stood out like a ruby in a black man's ear
You were playin' on the horses, you were playin' on the guitar strings
You were playin' like a devil wearin' wings

[Chorus 1]
Wearin' wings, you looked so grand wearin' wings
Do you tape them to your shoulders just to sing?
Can you fly? I heard you can, can you fly?
Like an eagle doin' your huntin' from the sky

[Verse 2]
I followed with the sideshows to another town
And I found you in a trailer on the camping grounds
You were betting on some lover, you were shaking up the dice
And I thought I saw you cheatin' once or twice

[Chorus 2]
Once or twice, I heard your bid once or twice
Were you wond'rin' was the gamble worth the price?
Pack it in, I heard you did, pack it in
Was it hard to fold a hand you knew could win?

[Verse 3]
So lately you've been hidin', it was somewhere in the news
And I'm still at these races with my ticket stubs and my blues
And a voice calls out the numbers and it sometimes mentions mine
And I feel like I've been workin' overtime

[Chorus 3]
Over time, I've lost my fire over time
Always playin' one more hand for one more dime
Slowin' down, I'm gettin' tired, slowin' down
And I envy you the valley that you've found

[Outro]
Cause I'm midway down the midway
Slowin' down
Down, down, down
Only if for a night

Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Only if for a night

Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Night, night, for a night, for a
Only if for a night

Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, for a night, oh
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh
Night, night, night
For a night, oh, for a night, oh

[Verse 1: Kelis]
Got credit cards in my pocket
But I walk past bums all day (why, why, why)
I see dealers pushing poisons
But I have nothing to say (Why, why, why)
I date two people at the same time
Knowing it is twice the sin (Why,why,why)
Oh yes I have this little problem here
I'm being vain again (why,why)

[Pre-Chorus]
Hey man I'm just listening to his teachings, my soul and heart
This is God's movie and I'm just tryna play my part
Time is running out and we've broken the seventh seal
The more I read I realize that UFOs are real

[Chorus: Kelis & Pharrell]
Hey Lil' Suzy
You don't have to cry no more
Hey lil' Bobby
Don't you worry about the war
Hey lil Jessica
You just keep up with the score
Cause God closes the windows
Next thing you know he opens doors

[Verse 2: Kelis]
I blew my paycheck
Gettin' real high today (why,why,why)
I lied and told my nephew that I had no more time to play
(why,why,why)
I saw this lady gettin' robbed, I looked away (why,why,why)
I put my grandma in a home
And I made her stay (why, why)

[Pre-Chorus]
Hey man I'm just listening to his teachings, my soul and heart
This is God's movie and I'm just tryna play my part
Time is running out and we've broken the seventh seal
The more I read I realize that UFOs are real

[Chorus: Kelis & Pharrell]
Hey Lil' Suzy
You don't have to cry no more
Hey lil' Bobby
Don't you worry about the war
Hey lil Jessica
You just keep up with the score
Cause God closes the windows
Next thing you know he opens doors

Singin' la la lala la
Lala lala la lala la

[Verse 3: Kelis]
I give in church
But you are asking me where it really goes (why,why,why)
I could give more
But I end up spending it on shoes and clothes (why,why,why)
I chew ice
Look at my watch some Middle Eastern babies sold (why,why,why)
In the winter I have furs knowing some poor child is cold
(why,why)

[Pre-Chorus]
Hey man I'm just listening to his teachings, my soul and heart
This is God's movie and I'm just tryna play my part
Time is running out and we've broken the seventh seal
The more I read I realize that UFOs are real

[Chorus: Kelis & Pharrell]
Hey Lil' Suzy
You don't have to cry no more
Hey lil' Bobby
Don't you worry about the war
Hey lil Jessica
You just keep up with the score
Cause God closes the windows
Next thing you know he opens doors
Singing la la la la la
Singing la la la la la
Singing la la la la la
Singing la la la la la
Singing la la la la la

[Dialogue]
And what I want to do, if it's alright with y'all, I wanna bring the lights all the way down. I love you too, baby, whoever said that. Yeah, yeah. How y'all feeling tonight? Make some noise please. And what I wanna do right now is I wanna illuminate the building, yeah. Y'all already know what to do, shout to everybody with their lights up, yeah. Look at that, everybody got their lights out. If you look around we like stars in the sky, everybody's a star here. Nobody can stop you from taking over the world if you wanna take over the world. It's a reason we made y'all the last show 'cause we know y'all was gonna be popping. Make some noise. Y'all look so beautiful. If you're having a good time tonight say, "Hell yeah" (Hell yeah!) If you're having a good time tonight say, "Yeah" (Yuup!) Hold up, matter of fact, cut the music. Shh. We're gonna take a little intermission

[Verse 1]
All night I've been fillin' up your cup
Dancin' on me while I'm feelin' up your butt
Ay girl, it's on you, so what you wanna do?
We can take it to the hotel room
Oh yeah, she said she ain't lookin' for love
I'm thinkin' that's what's up
Won't you come roll with a nigga?
Let's make this a night to remember
I want it right now, rippin' off your blouse
Last thing I wanna hear is, "Slow down"
Startin' to get wild, makin' sex sounds
Baby, tell me if you in or out

[Chorus]
And girl don't play
Let a nigga know now if you gon' leave or stay
'Cause I got a lot of girls that would love to take your place
Girl, it's gettin' too late and I ain't with these games
So girl, don't play with me
Don't play with me
Don't play with me
Don't play with me

[Verse 2]
Ain't no need in playin' when you know just what you came for
Kissin' on your body and your spot is what I aim for
Glad your mind made up, hope it don't change
From nothin' in the future, ain't no frontin', all the bluffin'
It's somethin' like my third album, you ready?
I'ma take you to Jupiter if you let me
I know this is our first time, don't stress it
I know you ain't a hoe, or else I wouldn't go so low
I like that and you like that
I need that and you need that
You're love hungry, I feed that
Don't trip, baby, use your lips, baby
Let's get crazy, go below my hips maybe
You lovin'
If you suck it
Let's get nasty
I wanna do everything that you ask me, but

[Chorus]
And girl don't play
Let a nigga know now if you gon' leave or stay
'Cause I got a lot of girls that would love to take your place
Girl, it's gettin' too late and I ain't with these games
So girl, don't play with me

[Bridge]
Why would I be wrong if I thought you came here tonight?
To give me your all, don't wanna talk, baby look at the time
Why, oh, why would I be wrong if I'm tryna be patient?
But I don't wanna wait, so I'm sayin' to you girl, don't wait

[Chorus]
Girl don't play
Let a nigga know now if you gon' leave or stay
'Cause I got a lot of girls that would love to take your place
Girl, it's gettin' too late and I ain't with these games
So girl, don't play with me

[Outro]
It's a lot of girls at the club, we just left it
You got my time, girl, don't you disrespect it
And if we ain't sexin', you sendin' the wrong message
Why you wanna play with me?
Why you wanna play with me?
Why you wanna play with me?
Don't play with me

[Chorus]
She just wanna fuck with a boss
So I took her on a cruise 'round the city
It don't really matter what it cost
'Cause she know a young nigga gon' get it
What you want, babe? I got it
What you want, hey? I got it
What you want, babe? I got it
What you want, babe? I got it

[Verse 1]
Wanna do you right
Is you with it, baby?
'Cause if you stay the night
Then I'm with it, baby
Don't you let them know, don't let them know
Don't let the feelings show, don't let it show
But you can tell your girls though, I give you the world though
Tell 'em keep it low though, don't let them other hoes know, oh
'Cause they ain't ready, oh, woah
To hear that, oh, no no
That be some bad news, that be some bad news
I got a new boo, that be some bad news

[Chorus]
She just wanna fuck with a boss
So I took her on a cruise 'round the city
It don't really matter what it cost
'Cause she know a young nigga gon' get it
What you want, babe? I got it
What you want, hey? I got it
What you want, babe? I got it
What you want, babe? I got it

[Verse 2]
Baby girl, you can have what you want
And it's probably money, not tryna be funny
But I know how these girls is getting down these days
And what can I say? That's okay
Can't expect you to love me for who I am
When all you ever knew is that a nigga's the man
Like God damn, he paid
Don't you remember when a nigga used to have braids?
Gotta make it drop, she was in the 8th grade
And now that she's grown, she fuck who she want
I don't judge her, don't judge her
But I could never love her
'Cause I'm just an entertainer and soon she's gon' fuck another
Oh, she just want a boss

[Chorus]
She just wanna fuck with a boss
So I took her on a cruise 'round the city
It don't really matter what it cost
'Cause she know a young nigga gon' get it
What you want, babe? I got it
What you want, hey? I got it
What you want, babe? I got it
What you want, babe? I got it

[Verse 1]
She said that these niggas just don't impress her no more
She done seen it all before
She don't wanna deal with it
Says she wants some real shit

[Pre-Chorus]
Said that she was tired of the lames
And the games these niggas be playing
Say she's ready for a change but she just gave me the brains
So I can't believe a thing she's saying
I got a problem and she's the solution
She give me her body, don't give me excuses
She said it's a body, I know what to do it
And giving her heart's just been useless

[Chorus]
Okay, I'm on it baby
You got my loving 'til the morning, baby
Don't give a fuck, we in the moment, baby
Always with a new one 'cause it's so hard to choose one
Bad girls ain't ever been good for me
Good girls ain't ever been enough for me, yeah
Bad girls ain't ever been good to me
Good girls ain't ever been enough for me

[Verse 2]
She said that these niggas just don't impress her no more
She said the niggas ain't shit so the niggas can't hit
Niggas never stress her no more, woah, yeah
Me and this cutie got really acquainted
You thinking 'bout getting your booty done, ain't it?
Maybe one day, baby you'll become famous
I can't tell what's fake or what's real no more
I can't tell if I even feel no more

[Pre-Chorus]
Said that she was tired of the lames
And the games these niggas be playing
Say she's ready for a change but she just gave me the brains
So I can't believe a thing she's saying
I got a problem and she's the solution
She give me her body, don't give me excuses
She said it's a body, I know what to do it
And giving her heart's just been useless

[Chorus]
Okay, I'm on it baby
You got my loving 'til the morning, baby
Don't give a fuck, we in the moment, baby
Always with a new one 'cause it's so hard to choose one
Bad girls ain't ever been good for me
Good girls ain't ever been enough for me, yeah
Bad girls ain't ever been good to me
Good girls ain't ever been enough for me

[Beat switch]

[Outro]
Ridin' on this dick like that, movin' that ass
You do it so good, that it gotta be bad
Like tell me where you learn that at
I don't wanna know, no, I don't wanna know
Do it fast, do it slow
Got a good girl waitin' at home
Instead I'm spendin' time with a freak
If she see me in the streets, don't speak
Bad girl, she just love to creep
No flickin', no pictures, I don't need them shits to leak
I don't need them shits to leak, I don't even skip a beat
Even if it's Halloween, I don't need to trick or treat
So you a good girl, or you a bad bitch?
Whichever one, baby, don't you be average

[Intro]
I don't wanna talk about it
I don't wanna talk about it
She cares too, I don't wanna talk about it
I care enough, I don't wanna talk about it

[Verse 1]
She cares too much, I care enough
I love her, but, never said enough

[Pre-Chorus]
My mind is so heavy and time doesn't let me think about shit
So much stress in my life that I'm holding inside, then I think about this

[Chorus]
She said we ain't gotta talk about it
If I don't wanna talk about it
But if I wanna talk about it
She's all ears
She says she's really worried 'bout me
But if I ain't really worried 'bout it
She ain't really tripping on it
But she's still here

[Verse 2]
I said that I had nothing to hide
My life, my lies, losing my damn mind
She said, "Put it aside, I'll hold your pride"
And I can't ever explain why I ain't ever got time
Addicted to these girls, all around the world
Always want a new one
And it's, "Can I get a favor? Throw me little paper"
Everyone needs something in here

[Pre-Chorus]
My mind is so heavy and time doesn't let me think about shit
So much stress in my life that I'm holdin' inside, then I think about this

[Chorus]
She said we ain't gotta talk about it
If I don't wanna talk about it
But if I wanna talk about it
She's all ears
She says she's really worried 'bout me
But if I ain't really worried 'bout it
She ain't really tripping on it
But she's still here
She said we ain't gotta talk about it
If I don't wanna talk about it
But if I wanna talk about it
She's all ears
She says she's really worried 'bout me
But if I ain't really worried 'bout it
She ain't really tripping on it
But she's still here
We ain't gotta talk about it
If I don't wanna talk about it
But if I wanna talk about it
She's all ears
She says she's really worried 'bout me
But if I ain't really worried 'bout it
She ain't really tripping on it
But she's still here

[Intro]
Listen, you gotta stop blaming yourself

[Chorus]
You ain't gotta change, I do, I do, I do
Playing all the games I do, I do, I do
I'm willing to change for you, it's true, so true
'Cause you ain't gotta change, I do, I do

[Verse 1]
It's been on your heart, been on my mind
I'll take the blame 'cause I know it's mine
You've been there from the start, right by my side
You think it's your fault, we're at the finish line
Every time you've forgive me
I wonder why you stay with me
Promise, broken promises
Left you broken hearted

[Chorus]
That's why you ain't gotta change, I do, I do, I do
Playing all the games I do, I do, I do
I'm willing to change for you, it's true, so true
'Cause you ain't gotta change, I do, I do

[Verse 2]
Said if you leave, I'll be hopeless waiting for you
Shortly, you'll see, I'll be crying for you
I know I ain't right, you know I ain't right
But you know it's worth it when it's deeper than the surface, girl
Life without your blessings, that'll sure teach me my lesson
Don't know why you're stressing, girl, when you're perfection

[Chorus]
You ain't gotta change, I do, I do, I do
Playing all the games I do, I do, I do
I'm willing to change for you, it's true, so true
'Cause you ain't gotta change, I do, I do

[Outro]
Listen to me, I do
I swear I'm tryna change babe, woah

[Verse 1]
Please don't get answers from eyes
You know that mine can't lie quite as well as yours
Just let the spare moment flow
Rounding steps as I go through the open doors

[Verse 2]
Please don't deflate from a sigh
I'd hold still every time but I'd start to shake
I wander around for days
Wondering what I'll say when they want the truth

[Chorus]
You will never know how hard I try
To keep from waning while waiting at the start
The depth of every touch is real as you need
But words don't do any favours for me
Oh...

[Solo]

[Chorus]
You will never know how hard I try
To keep from waning while waiting at the start
The depth of every touch is real as you need
But words don't do any favours for me

[Chorus]
You will never know how hard I try
To keep from waning while waiting at the start
The depth of every touch is real as you need
But words don't do any favours for me

[Chorus]
You will never know how hard I try
To keep from waning while waiting at the start
The depth of every touch is real as you need
But words don't do any favours for me

[Chorus]
You will never know how hard I try
To keep from waning while waiting at the start
The depth of every touch is real as you need
But words don't do any favours for me
Oh...

[Verse 1]
I took a pill in Ibiza to show Avicii I was cool
And when I finally got sober, felt 10 years older
But fuck it, it was something to do
I'm living out in LA, I drive a sports car just to prove
I'm a real big baller 'cause I made a million dollars
And I spend it on girls and shoes

[Chorus]
But you don't wanna be high like me
Never really knowing why like me
You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster
And be all alone
You don't wanna ride the bus like this
Never knowing who to trust like this
You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing
Stuck up on that stage singing
All I know are sad songs, sad songs
Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs

[Verse 2]
I'm just a singer who already blew his shot
I get along with old timers
'Cause my name's a reminder of a pop song people forgot
And I can't keep a girl, no
'Cause as soon as the sun comes up
I cut 'em all loose and work's my excuse
But the truth is I can't open up

[Chorus]
Now you don't wanna be high like me
Never really knowing why like me
You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster
And be all alone
You don't wanna ride the bus like this
Never knowing who to trust like this
You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing
Stuck up on that stage singing
All I know are sad songs, sad songs
Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs (Hey)

[Bridge]
I took a plane to my hometown
I brought my pride and my guitar
All my friends are all gone but there's manicured lawns
And the people still think I'm a star
I walked around downtown
I met some fans on Lafayette
They said tell us how to make it 'cause we're getting real impatient
So I looked 'em in the eye and said

[Chorus]
You don't wanna be high like me
Never really knowing why like me
You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster
And be all alone
You don't wanna ride the bus like this
Never knowing who to trust like this
You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing
Stuck up on that stage singing
All I know are sad songs, sad songs
Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs
My cousin Lil comes home at eight
That's late for her
Her husband Dan just doesn't show 'til she's in bed
That's when he dons his latest listening device
And hears the right nice music in his head

Return to Pepperland
Come back to love and peace, return today
Return to Pepperland
It's not a mile away

The children Bill and Kate live near
A year apart
While as for Gran she stays downstairs they're very kind
She thinks of ancient mysteries running through her life
And gets them all mixed up inside her mind, mmhmm

Return to Pepperland
Come back to love and peace, return today
Return to Pepperland
It's not a mile away
Da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da
You don't go away
It's starting to play
Play it forever (Return)
And ever (to Pepperland)
Uh-oh (It's not a mile away)

Dear old Dad
What are you writing now?

Twenty years later, who would have guessed?
Nelson Mandela still under arrest
People demanding
Love understanding
Why don't we do something now?

My cousin Min is
Never in, the big men say
"Wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa
Wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, wa, WA, wa wa wa wa wa"

Return to Pepperland
Come back to love and peace, return today
Return to Pepperland
It's not a mile away
Return to Pepperland
Come back to love and peace, return today
Return to Pepperland
It's not a mile away

[Lil' Cease:]
When you talk about... New York...
The first thing that comes to your mind is B.I.G., like...
That's the king! I don't think there's no other king out there
Nobody could take that, that, that crown from him right there!
The legacy of B.I.G. is something real deep, man
Go back to a bunch of roots, man, Notorious about family and keepin' it tight
That, that's one of the best that ever did it!
Represented what he represented, did what he did
Youkno'Imean?
He put Brooklyn on his back
He represented the hood, he represented New york City
Respect to my dude, man!
I love you man!
Just like you hear, man
B.I.G. Forever... youkno'Imean?
M.A.F.I.A. Gang!
Rest In Peace B.I.G.!

[Spoken: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy]
What about ten years from now?
Ten years from now, where do I want to be?
I wanna be... just livin', man
Just living comfortably with my niggas, man
In a pool and shit, smoking plenty indo, you know I'm saying?
I got my wife, just lounging with my wife, you know I'm saying?
With my daughter, her daughter, you know
Just laid back, just chillin', you know I'm saying?
Living all my niggas is living where I think I be?
Ten years, I don't think I will see it
For real dog, for real, man
That shit ain't promised, man
I don't think my luck is that good, I hope it is
But if it ain't, so be it, I'm ready
(You're dead wrong)

[Chant]
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong

[Repeat til fade out]

[Biggie's Mom]
Let's say there are many times I looked,
and saw reflections of my son.
I argued sometimes, consulted;
I saw results, and said "Well done."

I thought of him constantly,
and silently asked "Why?"
I tried fervently,
and just cannot say goodbye.

I lived with visions twined and twisted,
passion so cold,
and withered thoughts, battered and shattered.
I dreamed dreams.
Cherished memories.
Housed friendship,
and promises that mattered.

In the end,
time is treasured;
But love for my son?
It's everlasting.
Tell us that you would like to have the lyrics of this song. Then we'll make it our highest priority to find these lyrics first!
Or perhaps you can help us out. If you have the lyrics of this song, it would be great if you can submit these. That will definitely help us and the other visitors!
Tell us that you would like to have the lyrics of this song. Then we'll make it our highest priority to find these lyrics first!
Or perhaps you can help us out. If you have the lyrics of this song, it would be great if you can submit these. That will definitely help us and the other visitors!

[Verse 1]
Super villain, outlaw, renegade
Smokin drinkin gin wit my lemonade
Dont gota chase these bitches dog they ina race
I make all this money throw it in ya face
Said you know my name but you can't say it right
Long as you let me fuck then you can stay the night
I play the game, you playin it safe
Lets take shots try no chase
Then we slide like home base

[Chorus]
Ohhh
So pick a time and place tell me where you wanna go
Dont need to ask no questions you should already know
Got Gleeco bottle, bottle yea we keep it popin
Champagne round the bar plenty sour diesel to smoke
Cuz im the bad guy say im the bad guy
Im the bad guy say hi to the bad guy
And I need a bad girl, and I need a bad girl
Im the bad guy say im the bad guy
Im the bad guy say hi to the bad guy
And I need a bad girl
The one your parents warned you bout
The nigga of ya wildest dreams

[Verse 2]
Couple thousand dollars on this ros
Like girls who come have fun but dont stay
We can go to my house or back to your place
You bring a friend then go both ways
Fuckin wit these niggas cuz are money good
Superstar status plus I keep it hood
Chorus

[Bridge]
Bad guy so I keep a bad bitch wit me
Know how to roll a joint and live life like a bring it back
Bad guy so I keep a bad bitch wit me
Know how to roll a joint and live life like a villain
Yeah
Someone to help you threw them hard times
But i can't do that they say
Chorus
Outro:
Yeeah
Its Young Khalifa man
Talkin that cash
Taylor Gang or die

[intro]
Hey, dont trip, bitch
Matter fact I got something you can trip on
Gonna need your expensive luggage for this one

[Hook]
I might be with my girl
But you can bring your girls too
And we can do all the kinky things you
Think you ain't supposed to
I'll take you out this world
And we can't get commercial
See I'ma need privacy its obvious you ain't learn
So, I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly
I can teach you to fly

[Wiz Khalifa - Verse 1]
And she dug my chain
Love my swag, how I does my thang
Love my slang, talk just like me
Say she proud to be taylor gang (taylor gang?)
Man I'm paid
Tell the waitress bring more champagne
I done made what you tryin to get
And my style is sick cause im taylor made
Got no time to waste, see its like we in a race
All the bitches in this club that would die to take your place
Girl they call me mr space, and I can let you taste
But you been on the ground for so long
I can teach you to fly

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
I'll take you all the around the world
If we do some things you can get your wings (hey)
I'll take you anywhere you wanna go
Private beaches in the sand, Paris, France, Tokyo
We party, we live it
We party, we live it
We party, we live it
That good life, I'm gettin it, I'm gravy
No show unless the club owner pays me
Red Bull lil Goose got her crazy
No wheels, the girls wanna kick it where the planes be
But we fly-y-y I can take you somewhere in the sky (girl)
Got chicks in the cabin, laughing, autograph em, let her call me captain
Ain't just at home, I get love anywhere that we go
I'm always on the road, my bank got a lot of zeros
I'm tellin ya
I got all of this paper no one to spend it on lately
And you've been on the ground for so long
I'ma teach you to fly

[Hook]

[Outro]
I'll take you all the around the world
(I can teach you to fly)
I'll take you anywhere you wanna go
(I can teach you to fly, I can teach you to fly)
Ill take you all the around the world
(I can teach you to fly)
I'll take you anywhere you wanna go
It's say yeah
One night in town
My niggas round
Throwin money
Them bitches hit the ground
Then bring it back up
She bringin backup
Put em in that black truck
So many hoes they lapped up
My niggas leanin
Diddy boppin
Let's get it poppin
I said let's get it poppin
Just look at how she drop it
Lil mama a certified pro
She need her own show
Slide on down that pole and grind slow
Hell no I ain't countin my dough
I came to blow it all
And get some brains trynna find miss know it all
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chicken just chill
(Hook:)
In the back of the club
With a stack full a dubs
Drop it low like a pro
Bring it back that's what's up
All my dogs up in here
Plus there's hoes everywhere
Niggas stunt like you don't care
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)

I'm high and drunk doin my same dance
They call it pocahontas doin that rain dance
Talkin dough I got it so make it rain man
Cause tha flow retarded sorta like that rain man
Borderline insane man
Look at all these dames damn
When a nigga gettin money
And I'm a changed man
You smell that haze scent
Know my gameplan
Trynna get it smackin
I ain't with dat gameplan
Lil momma work for every dollar she drop it low
Pop it slow stop and go
Lots of smoke we keep em rollin up
Shorty mad she came with you
She wanna roll with us
(Hook)
And say yeah
And say yeah
And say yeah

I said listen here
I do it broad day
All day
Smokin on that bomb hay
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chicken just chill
It's say yeah
One night in town
My team around
Throwin money
Then watch them hit the ground
Then bring it back up
She bringin backup
Put em in that black truck
So many girls they lapped up
I see you leanin'
Diddy boppin'
Let's get it poppin'
I said let's get it poppin'
Just look at how she drop it
Lil mama a certified pro
She need her own show
Slide on down that pole and grind slow
Hell no I ain't countin' my dough
I came to blow it all
And do my thing trynna find miss know it all
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chick and just chill

[Hook:]
In the back of the club
With a stack full a dubs
Drop it low like a pro
Bring it back that's what's up
All my dogs up in here
And there's doe everywhere
Go on and stunt like you don't care
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)

I'm fired up doin my same dance
They call it Pocahontas doin that rain dance
Talkin dough I got it so make it rain man
Cause the flow done lost it sorta like that rain man
Borderline insane man
Look at all these dames damn
When a dude that's gettin' money
And I'm a changed man
You smell that - scent
Know my game plan
Trynna get it smackin'
I ain't with dat game plan
Lil momma work for every dollar she drop it low
Pop it slow stop and go
Lots of doe we keep 'em rollin' up
Shorty mad she came with you
She wanna roll with us

[Hook]

And say yeah
And say yeah
And say yeah

I said listen here
I do it grande day
All day
Chokin on that bomb hay
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chick and just chill
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
Valet bringing my cars, the waiter to bring me plates
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
He celebrating buying drinks, we celebrating buying drinks
Ugh, its Young Khalifa man (The usual suspects 

[x2]) (Yeah!)
Rostrum Records in this bitch (Yeah!) Taylor Gang or die

I saw you at the bar with, a couple of your friends
I'm thinking you can bring em all
Soon as I hit the door, to hit the floor
I'm on some star shit
Before I know, I got a bad bitch up in my car (car)
I throw out my cigar, hit the gas and I'm gone
She know what it is
So ain't no need to ask where we goin(goin)
A glass of Patron, out the bottle got you ready
I'm gonna make it hot
Girl you don't forget it, I tell her, what you tell her?
I could make you famous, I could make you famous
You been small timin darling
I can make you major
Wanna know if I can get you home?
Hope we don't wake the neighbors
She lick her lollipop
And I'm her favorite flavor (yeaahh)
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
Valet bringing my cars, the waiter to bring me plates
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
He celebrating buying drinks, we celebrating buying drinks

You see I'm different from what you accustomed to
Flashing lights, when I pull up
I'll have you telling all your little friends
About the cars, about the cribs(about the cribs)
And how a young nigga do ya
You a bad bitch, and you ain't like them same girls
Ain't my only one, but I'll make you my main girl
When niggas call your phone, you like click, click, click
We posing for them cameras, like flick, flick, flick
What can I say but?
My life is like a movie (yeahh)
My life is like a movie (yeahh)
And I can have you in that star roll
Just like you should be (like you should be)
I do these things, magazines, booty scenes
And you a pop bottle, top model, beauty queen

Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
Valet bringing my cars, the waiter to bring me plates
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
He celebrating buying drinks, we celebrating buying drinks
Time is money why waste it? (Why waste it?)
Got your girly so thirsty, ma can tase it
Say im fly, she wanna hop inside my spaceship
Ask her if she tired of that fake shit
And What? She like

Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
Valet bringing my cars, the waiter to bring me plates
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
He celebrating buying drinks, we celebrating buying drinks
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
Valet bringing my cars, the waiter to bring me plates
Smokey EZ wider with hash, fuck bitches from other state
He celebrating buying drinks, we celebrating buying drinks
Bitch! Hahahahaha (The Usual Suspects 

[x2])
Taylor Gang or die
Yeahhh!
Yeah
It's ya boy Mr. Easy Rider
Coming to you live on W.E.E.D
And right now we got some Guerrilla pimpin shit
You know we highway pimpin these hoes
That's state to state fool
What chu know bout it?
Matter Fact
If you on a highway right now
And a bitch owe you money
I need you to turn this shit up, roll you a nice joint, and check your paper fool

And this shit right here, is my nigga Big K.R.I.T
Curren$y Tha hot Spitta
Yea
And my man, Young Wiz Khalifa

[Intro]
Yeah
Now I see yall niggas out
Fuckin face be all twisted up and shit man
Sup with that man
Me? I'm got damn lovin it
Life that is, hahaha
You mofuckers better get some money or your corner or sommin
You doug?
Wipe that frown off your face, we gettin it

[Verse 1]
Gunna think shit sweet, nigga ain't shit funny (funny)
Ain't just me the whole team gettin money (money)
50 box of sweets nigga we stay blunted (blunted)
On that old race spent a clean 600 (yeah)
In the front seat got a playboy bunny (bunny)
Different kinda hoes not the same lil bussy (naw)
I do them bitches raw but them broads still love me (yeah)
They know the grand long big dog you a puppy (puppy)
You swimmin in the water wit a shark you a guppy (guppy)
The boy flow sick like my fuckin nose runnin (runnin)
And niggas talk shit but it ain't bout nothin (nothin)
I'm way too high on this piff that I'm puffin (puffin)
Always on my grind on my minds get money (yeah)
Throw it in the air we in this bitch like fuck it (yeah)
Show my ass in public (public)
I got damn love it (love it)
When it comes to my town bitch I Chris Brown run it (yeah)

[Hook]
I fly around the world gettin got damn money (moneh)
I'm a ballaholic and you niggas on a budget (oh)
Fill a swisher with that fat red sayin fuck it (fuck it)
Talk that good shit cuz I got damn love it (yeah)
I fly around the world gettin got damn money (moneh)
I'm a ballaholic and you niggas on a budget (oh)
Fill a swisher with that fat red sayin fuck it (fuck it)
Talk that good shit cuz I got damn love it (yeah)

[Verse 2]
I go way da fuck hard never slack one minute (minute)
Keep a cigarilla with a sack rolled in it
You niggas had a run now you cats all finished (finished)
I hear dat bullshit and start to laugh at yall niggas (haha)
Throw a lot of cash but I stack large figures (yeah)
Flow straight drop out the crack jaw nigga (yeah)
Only smoke good not a backyard twista (twisa)
Light green grape fillin that long swisher (swisha)
Niggas wanna talk really got no issue (naw)
Never had a show niggas not official (naw)
Never had a fan wanna take a flick wit cha (naw)
Bet chu never made a couple hundred thou did ya (nope)
Niggas see me now wanna do it how Wiz do (how Wiz do)
I'm raw like a animal I make it look simple (look simple)
So fuck tha small talk I'm bout my dolla billas (billas)
Worst way to hurt ems gettin money on them niggas (yeah (gettin money on them niggas))

[Hook]
I fly around the world gettin got damn money (moneh)
I'm a ballaholic and you niggas on a budget (oh)
Fill a swisher with that fat red sayin fuck it (fuck it)
Talk that good shit cuz I got damn love it (yeah)
I fly around the world gettin got damn money (moneh)
I'm a ballaholic and you niggas on a budget (oh)
Fill a swisher with that fat red sayin fuck it (fuck it)
Talk that good shit cuz I got damn love it (yeah)

[Outro]
So fix your face
I told yall boys man
I'm got damn lovin it
I ain't even got no reason to be mad
412 ya doug
Dont you ever leave!
Dont you ever go away!
I love you, I love you!
Yea, Im begging you, dont you leave
Yea, Im begging you, dont you go!
Youve got my heart, youve got my heart!
I know I f-cked off, I know I f-cked off!
I know I f-cked off!
Im sorry baby!
Baby I need you, baby I need you, yeah!
I need you baby!
But now youre going
And Im forced to deal with your absence
All alone in this madness
All alone on my mattress
Dont know how the hell this happened!
You know loving me was a hazard
Outcome of my actions
I wish we could go back
Go back a couple of chapters
Back when there was laughter
Back when we first met
Before we came such a disaster
Before your heart got sharper
Before I forgot how much you meant it
Crazy we dont realize what we have until after
We no longer have it!
Dont you ever leave!
Dont you ever go away!
I love you, I love you!
Yea, Im begging you, dont you leave
Yea, Im begging you, dont you go!
Youve got my heart, youve got my heart!
You say youre out the door
Youre out the door
Youre sick and tired can't take no more
Can't take no more!
You know the game
And try to help it time and time before
Told me you dont have time to waste it
And hey, youve got to go, youve got to go!
Can help on thinking at you when Im alone
When Im alone!
Try in vain, I call your cell, you dont pick up your phone
Guess that you really mean you meant just what you said
You said just what you meant
Getting all this bread but it dont mean shit
Fuck the dough I get, plus the dough I spend, yeah!
Dont you ever leave!
Dont you ever go away!
I love you, I love you!
Yea, Im begging you, dont you leave
Yea, Im begging you, dont you go!
Youve got my heart, youve got my heart!
Hey superstar
Theres a raincloud above my heart
And its only because of you
I knew it from the very start
Running out of complaints
No, no! my bodies sedate
Looking at my heart Ill give it away babe
And Ima honor and cherish our blazer
Baby
Dont you ever leave!
Dont you ever go away!
I love you, I love you!
Yea, Im begging you, dont you leave
Yea, Im begging you, dont you go!
Youve got my heart, youve got my heart!
I know I f-cked off, I know I f-cked off!
I know I f-cked off!
Im sorry baby!
Baby I need you, baby I need you, yeah!
I need you baby!
Aww no, no you do
Aww no, no you do
Yeah
I love you!
(feat. Big Sean)
This is a bloody relix production...

[Chorus X2]
Ima roll the fire mane!
I like to get high mane!
Niggas passin plates, snortin line after line mane!

[Big Sean]
Ass shake ass shake, Ye I like that ass shake!
Yall bitches won’t show me love I know yall hoes ain't that fake
A real G believe dat, feelin like Outkast
I'm already big, now I’m finna be on 3 stacks!
She on dat superman blue and red cop cars
Can't sing or lick, now she finna be a pop star, Pop off!
N I can't feel shit but my dick in yo bitch so guess what, only one thing left to pop off!
Feelin like a vegetable with sexy hoes in sexy clothes, they best dress!
Yeah I guess they recognized who they dressin for
She step in the hall to call her man n say she just at home
But my hotel is valentines all you see is X and OOOOOo's!
N I can't feel my cardio, motha fuckas walkin into shrooms!
Now I’m finna feel like Mario
Man I'm livin with these niggas fantasizing life
And I pray that I make it through the night
Cuz a nigga stay Rollin!

[Chorus]
Ima roll the fire mane!
I like to get high mane!
Niggas passin plates, snortin line after line mane!

[Wiz Khalifa]
Rostrum Records in this bitch! Taylor Gang, Heavy Hustle...
I work hard for everything so why not solute?
They say a grind pays baby all I got is proof
N da Swedish broad badder than my main bitch!
Cigarillo rolled you smell it when it ain't lit!
She don't cook well, but she give me sweet brain
Make a rapper turn singer like T-Pain
Got her stayin up late wakin up baked
And to think this the life that I chose!
Argue with attendants who shorten my flight clothes!
And every girl I fuck feel like her boyfriend I know!
Smokin on da sweet as it smells
My weed come in Barrels!
Fuck with bitches who fiend for Gucci in need of Chanel
Nigga I'm high you're a flight so my eyes low
Can't wait to see what’s in the future but I drive slow
And wait for the pitcher
Hated now they sayin I can't miss like Mr.? Lol Bitch! Ha Ha Ha!

[Chorus]
Ima roll the fire mane!
I like to get high mane!
Niggas passin plates, snortin line after line mane!

[Intro]
Say Jim, uh

[Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa]
It’s the champagne pourin’
Big joint rollin’
Bombay sippin’
No blunt smoking
Bad bitch gettin’
Thick and she got some friends with her
I take ‘em out pourin’ shots of liquor
Drinkin’ out the bottle, smiling in all my pictures
The marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter
Nigga, you know everything Taylored
Don’t rush to the bar fool, if you ain't got no paper
That’s the rules
High as fuck, sloppy drunk when I’m passing through
Rollin’ doobies up, ya hoe who we pass ‘em to
Hit the club spend this money up
Roll another one, drink, act a fool
That's what I have to do

[Chorus]
See after drinking champagne all night
Never worry `bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)

So let me take one shot to the brain
And I order three more shots
I’m going in, ayy
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)

[Verse 2: Wiz Khalifa]
Spent a couple dollars on my engine
Motor roaring when I back out the garage
Gin got me drunk as fuck stumbling out the bar
Plus I’m struggling tryna find the keys to my car
Cause I be going hard, roll the camera
Life just like a movie, I’m the star
Wish you was in my position
You too broke to play the part
Of course I keep some bad women with me in the back
Sippin’ Rose with some hash twistin’
All about a dollar, my team in the cash gettin’
Straight out the burb, we drinking we smash niggas
So when I say I’m balling, that don’t mean that I’m playing mate
All my diamonds talkin’, you can see what they sayin’ mayne

[Chorus]
See after drinking champagne all night
Never worry `bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)

So let me take one shot to the brain
And I order three more shots
I’m going in, ayy
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)

[Verse 3: Too $hort]
In the middle of the night, early in the mornin’
From the streets to the sheets with some freaks, I ain't yawnin’
I’m wide awake, we ain't eatin’, we ain't sleepin’
These bitches so high man, we ain't even speakin’
We just freakin’
You rollin’ with short dog baby
She was high on that pill so I fucked yo lady
Come to my house I give ‘em everything they want
I might not do it, but I give to ya women
Cocaine, mushrooms, ecstasy, GHB, marijuana
She can suck it if she wanna
I got tequila, Ciroc and two freaky friends
And this a Wednesday night, this ain't the weekend

[Chorus]
See after drinking champagne all night
Never worry `bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)

So let me take one shot to the brain
And I order three more shots
I’m going in, ayy
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)

[Bridge]
Man I’m high as fuck
Man I swear I’m on my level
Man I’m sloppy drunk
Man I swear I'm on my level
I finna pass out
Man I swear I'm on my level
A nigga get smashed out
My nig' I swear I’m on my level

Man I’m high as fuck
Man I swear I’m on my level
Man I’m sloppy drunk
Man I swear I'm on my level
I finna pass out
Man I swear I'm on my level
A nigga get smashed out
My nig' I swear I’m on my level

[Chorus]
See after drinking champagne all night
Never worry `bout a damn thing, y’all might
Homie I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)

So let me take one shot to the brain
And I order three more shots
I’m going in, ayy
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeah)
I’m on my level (yeh)
I’m on my level (yeaah)
Hey girl whats your name
Im very very glad you came
Your such a beautiful thing (so beautiful)
Hey girl whats your sign
Im very very glad you took the time
Your such a beautiful thing (your so beautiful and you know it)
Hey girl wanna let you know
Whats going through my head while im staring out this window
But everytime i try to find the words to explain, i fail
Hey girl heard your story before
Your parents don't get it and your boyfriend is an A-Hole
And going to work in the morning drives you insane, I know
So you like to kick it with the bad boys
Pose like your flicking for the Tabloids
Froze on me cuz if you fast foward
I'll just be an other cool kid that you passed on
And no matter how hard i fell
Played the best way i can with the cards I'm delt
For the day i can say its nice to meet you
Wait till next time I see you, ima say
Hey girl whats your name
Im very very glad you came
Your such a beautifull thing
Hey girl whats your sign
Im very very glad you took the time
Your such a beautiful thing
Hey girl are we compatible
I like tarantino flicks and a long talks, im a vergo
Theres so much that i think and don't get to say (about you, its all about you baby)
Hey girl its been a month or so
And I've been on the road singing songs flyin solo
When i go to sleep
Your the girl in my dreams
So i got your picture on my mac book screen
Savor somethin about this age your just like me
Shorty got flavor like my favorite ice cream
And ima scoop her one day and make her life change
Till then im like dang
And no matter how hard i fell
Play the best way i can with the cards I'm delt
For the day i can say its nice to meet you
Wait till next time I see you, ima say
(X4)
Hey girl whats your name
Im very very glad you came
Your such a beautifull thing
Hey girl what you say
Im very very glad you took the time
Your such a beautiful thing

[Intro]
Yeah!
Y'all know what it is
It's another one of those...
Yes!
Man it's ya boy Wiz Khalifa, man
Let's do it

[Verse 1]
Yo, uh
I'm kinda hot now, money gettin longer too
Pressure by the cops now, and niggas hating on ya dude
See I ain't step on no toes to get here
This hard work, young'n got a flow. the shit's clear
But I see jealousy in their face when they eye me
Love the lames wanting to trouble W-I-Z
Doesn't surprise me that some would despise me
So I dip through, stick, move like Ali
I chose wisely, some say I'm an old soul
A broke load of a young nigga who flows gold
And life to live it, them punches but still the bore road
Sky's the limit, dig it, I blown the whole globe
But still I made it back, the new face of rap
E figured out the flow was coke, then we made it crack
Not too hard to pay attention and listen
This for all my people, ghetto niggas, women and children

[Hook]
Now pay attention what I kick in ya ear
You might learn sumthin, burn sumthin
I'm from where you worth nothing, until you get out there and earn sumthin
And we allergic to that term "frontin'"
So if you get it legit or on the curb pumpin', burn sumthin... yeah
We all strugglin', in some way, we all hustlin'
To take nothin' & make sumthin, ya know

[Verse 2]
If there's one thing I know well, it's how to get my grind on
24/7 perfectin' to keep the rhymes strong
Stackin' my paper, waitin' to get my shine on
Hustlin' all day, wonderin' where the time gone
I'm too quick on my feet, I ain't gettin' to sleep
Rules to be made, losin' weight, I'm forgettin' to eat
And some say I'm livin' too fast, slow down
Tryna get my fam a plate big enough to go 'round
So I go hard, told y'all it's going down
A rap nigga back big enough to hold the town
They wanna hold you down but gettin' them figures, knew it was comin' though
I can see the bitch in you niggas, but steal the young'n flow
Hater match the chips gettin' bigger, comes with the territory
I'm just glad I'm able to tell my story
To get to the top, I learned from those there before me
And when I'm on, I'm gon' share my glory

[Hook]
Now pay attention what I kick in ya ear
You might learn sumthin, burn sumthin
I'm from where you worth nothing, until you get out there and earn sumthin
And we allergic to that term "frontin'"
So if you get it legit or on the curb pumpin', burn sumthin... yeah
We all strugglin', in some way, we all hustlin'
To take nothin' & make sumthin, ya know

[Verse 3]
Look into my eyes (and) tell me what you see (What)
A prospect with his mind set on what to be (and)
A lot of chronic smoke, young broad, come puff wit me
A attitude like y'all dudes can't fuck wit me
Still, I stay humble, focused on my hustle
Later forgetting it, but everything got doubled
And my team got bubble
Anybody that seen our struggle got respect, nah mean for the young'n 'cause
This more than just music, it's hood than jets music
Want war then let's do it
The Burgh's best, yes, here in the flesh, truest
Smart to do, you talking less, then just prove it
That's why my shit go large, yours get less movement
I'm on top of things, you busy droppin' names
On file, no physics can stop the flame
Think otherwise, we can drop some change
Let's do it...
It's say yeah
One night in town
My niggas round
Throwin money
Them bitches hit the ground
Then bring it back up
She bringin backup
Put em in that black truck
So many hoes they lapped up
My niggas leanin
Diddy boppin
Let's get it poppin
I said let's get it poppin
Just look at how she drop it
Lil mama a certified pro
She need her own show
Slide on down that pole and grind slow
Hell no I ain't countin my dough
I came to blow it all
And get some brains trynna find miss know it all
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chicken just chill
(Hook:)
In the back of the club
With a stack full a dubs
Drop it low like a pro
Bring it back that's what's up
All my dogs up in here
Plus there's hoes everywhere
Niggas stunt like you don't care
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)

I'm high and drunk doin my same dance
They call it pocahontas doin that rain dance
Talkin dough I got it so make it rain man
Cause tha flow retarded sorta like that rain man
Borderline insane man
Look at all these dames damn
When a nigga gettin money
And I'm a changed man
You smell that haze scent
Know my gameplan
Trynna get it smackin
I ain't with dat gameplan
Lil momma work for every dollar she drop it low
Pop it slow stop and go
Lots of smoke we keep em rollin up
Shorty mad she came with you
She wanna roll with us
(Hook)
And say yeah
And say yeah
And say yeah

I said listen here
I do it broad day
All day
Smokin on that bomb hay
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chicken just chill

[Chorus:]
I'm in the air*
All I want is the money
And I see it so clear
Weed in my grinder
Mind on a million
Taylor gang in the planes
You know it over the building
They ask me how fly
I'm gonna tell you
You recognize the G
I Should be lookin familiar

[Repeats:]
Party and chillin'
And fast living
How I'm supposed to... now the choices giving
I chose to leave the club with a couple of hoes
Who love to smoke trees rolling the easy wider papers
Maintain a low speed
How shell I proceed?
Come from a city where niggers ain't got a life
But got a lot
So I be low key
Money hoes clothes is all a nigga knows
Don't bring a nug I blow it by the O
I hit the road cause shit is exactly how it seems
I had to sleep and now me
I've been living on my dream
Marijuana... my surround my...
My camera catch the scene
Fresh above the plain
Think another paper
Shorty wanna ride with me
As bad as I wanna take her
Put you on... bitch
Taken pics with the planes
And send them to their friends
We demand on a million

[Repeat Chorus:]
Chorus - (Wiz Khalifa)
If it's on and poppin', go ahead and move somethin'
And if a hater trip, go ahead and do somethin'
If it's on your chest, go ahead and prove somethin'
If not, stop frontin', you niggas ain't hurtin' nothin', no (X2)

Verse 1 - (Wiz Khalifa)
You niggas ain't hurtin' nothin', all your talkin' is cheap
And my veins is concrete, I'm the heart of this street
Your squadron is weak, I creep with a five-star class
We beef, your block will look like a five-car-crash
Ya know, that you can tell it great, Wiz gettin' hella cake
Keep a chick to freak it with, I'll let you niggas LTH
That's lovin' these hoes, I'm pumpin' these flows
Cuz' I hate these rap niggas, but I'm lovin' the dough
Got a problem, we can solve it, man it's nothin' to show
If I ain't rappin', I'm relaxin' somewhere puffin' an O
I'm with a bad one on the back block, cruisin' through the scene
And I know your man as me, but Wiz Khalifa spittin' crack rock
Niggas out her rattin' man, (D's?) taking snapshots
That's why I hit the lab, get the cash like a jackpot
You niggas mad cuz' the pad look like a stash spot
And niggas gettin' money over here, and your ass not
Chorus - (Wiz Khalifa)
If it's on and poppin', go ahead and move somethin'
And if a hater trip, go ahead and do somethin'
If it's on your chest, go ahead and prove somethin'
If not, stop frontin', you niggas ain't hurtin' nothin' (X2)

Verse 2 - (Wiz Khalifa)
Yo, if a hater trip, go ahead and blaze his shit
Even young kids say Young Wiz is their fa-vo-rite
Khalifa knock it out the park, franchise made it sick
Leavin' niggas in the dark, greedy and i'm takin' chips
And as far as these broads and this green
I got a dollar full of dimes, and a pocket full of G's
You can take it any way, and that's probably what I mean
Long as the (reefa ID?), and the dutchie's full'a weed
See I ain't hard to please, ease when your squadron leave
You don't want the goonies in the riddle, let a cartridge squeeze
You niggas think you low, but i see you guys pop up
Make your team divide like a piece of pie
Why? Cuz' i keep it fly, fresh when I'm creepin' by
Got a mean team, but for me, I'm a peaceful guy
But don't get out of line, cuz' for them dollar signs
The full clip, will make a nigga's thoughts sit out his mind

Chorus - (Wiz Khalifa)
If it's on and poppin', go ahead and move somethin'
And if a hater trip, go ahead and do somethin'
If it's on your chest, go ahead and prove somethin'
If not, stop frontin', you niggas ain't hurtin' nothin', no (X2)

[Chorus:]
Uh huh, Uh huh
Should I stay or should I leave
Don't know which way to go
My mind is saying yes, my heart keeps saying no
Can't find the words to explain, you always take it wrong
Call up the station, tell them play it on the radio woah woah
Play it on your radio woah woah
Play it on your radio woah woah

Should I stay or Should I leave
Don't know which way to go
My mind is saying yes, my heart keeps saying no
Can't find the words to explain, you always take it wrong
Call up the station, tell them play it on the radio

[Wiz Khalifa:]
I wanna call my girlfriend, but she's all mad
Everything was good then, now she's all bad
I hit your phone up, you never call back
Would I be wrong if I took everything I bought back
Me and you against the world girl, I thought that
I'd be able to see them signs, no contract
So high off of life, will make a hater catch a contact
But now I treat her like I'm jumping out a plane and fall back
Yeah, cause I can only dream of what we had
Try to work, but seems we go wrong
Sometimes I pray to God, you take me back
Then run and tell the homies I've moved on
But soon as I get my head right
You gon' think I'm stuck and I'm just frontin', no headlights
Put you in the club and bought you stuff you never wear twice
Now the thrill is gone and the decisions in the air like, Damn

[Chorus:]
Should I stay or Should I leave
Don't know which way to go
My mind is saying yes, my heart keeps saying no
Can't find the words to explain, you always take it wrong
Call up the station, tell them play it on the radio woah woah
Play it on your radio woah woah
Play it on the radio woah woah
It's say yeah
One night in town
My niggas round
Throwin money
Them bitches hit the ground
Then bring it back up
She bringin backup
Put em in that black truck
So many hoes they lapped up
My niggas leanin
Diddy boppin
Let's get it poppin
I said let's get it poppin
Just look at how she drop it
Lil mama a certified pro
She need her own show
Slide on down that pole and grind slow
Hell no I ain't countin my dough
I came to blow it all
And get some brains trynna find miss know it all
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chicken just chill
(Hook:)
In the back of the club
With a stack full a dubs
Drop it low like a pro
Bring it back that's what's up
All my dogs up in here
Plus there's hoes everywhere
Niggas stunt like you don't care
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)
Throw that money in one hand and say yeah
Throw that money in the air and say yeah (yeeeaaahh)

I'm high and drunk doin my same dance
They call it pocahontas doin that rain dance
Talkin dough I got it so make it rain man
Cause tha flow retarded sorta like that rain man
Borderline insane man
Look at all these dames damn
When a nigga gettin money
And I'm a changed man
You smell that haze scent
Know my gameplan
Trynna get it smackin
I ain't with dat gameplan
Lil momma work for every dollar she drop it low
Pop it slow stop and go
Lots of smoke we keep em rollin up
Shorty mad she came with you
She wanna roll with us
(Hook)
And say yeah
And say yeah
And say yeah

I said listen here
I do it broad day
All day
Smokin on that bomb hay
And I got my cup filled you see how them bucks peel
Young pimp see how grab me up and chicken just chill
Yeaaheaa, It's ya boy Mr. Easy Rider
Right here on the easy hour
With a lil Kush and Orange Juice
For you to wake and bake to
You know how we do yall
And we rocking with nothing but the best
No Stress
It's my nigga Young Wiz Khalifa yall
Now we been doing our thing for years now, you know how we get down
I need yall to call up
Roll up
Get high to the sky
Lets hear from one of our callers, caller whats ya name and where ya from?

[Caller 1:]
Aye whats happening baby
This ya man Long Longs Lee and im calling from the short side of the bridge baby

[Mr. Easy Rider:]
Digg, and what you waking and bake to?

[Caller 1:]
Man, I got a glass of that OJ and a plane of that kush waiting for me

[Mr. Easy Rider:]
Yeaaheaa
Matter fact, we gone get to another caller
This shit feel so good
And I got me a curly head red bitch rolling up doobies as we speak
We don't smoke blunts yall
Caller whats ya name and where ya from?

[Caller 2:]
What up doe, This Crazy Coop from Michigan, man let me get a blunt worth of that good shit you got there

[Mr. Easy Rider:]
Oh Fuck you brah, you ain't tryna get high

[Caller 2:]
That ain't cool man

[Mr. Easy Rider:]
Ima bring yall some new shit
Off that Kush and Orange Juice
From my man, Young Wiz Khalifa
Taylor Gang I see yall
Loving you, is all I wanna do*
Loving you, is all I wanna do
Yeeah
Ugh
Ugh
Ugh
See I’ve been going on and on for ever
Them haters probably wonder when I’m gone stop, never!
Most of it’s been good but I’ve seen some bad weather
And niggas watching now, wouldn’t even give me an umbrella
But I ain't tripping, I made a million on my own
May come to your surprise but I pictured it all along
When I was 16, finna get put out my home
Now the man making money, my nigga, my money growing
And I can do what I what, went form being hated on
To niggas try to go down the same road I made it on
Ain't no love lost but ain't no love shown
So now when niggas call I just don’t pick up the phone
I’m breaking down the weed, put it in the bong
Blow a hundred racks, put it in the song
Party every weekend, hardly ever home
Don’t see me face to face so you have to talk about me when I gone

[Chorus:]
Stay away from the fake or phoney (phoney)
Niggas who can’t support their own
So keep pay me from the crowd
Everybody wants to be the star of the show-ow-owww
The show-ow-owww (ow-owww)
The show-ow-owww (ow-owww)
The show-ow-owww (ow-owww)
The show-ow-owww (ow-owww)
The drinks poured up, weed’s rolled up
And all my jewelery ice to piece froze up
I only like to see the hoes who keep their nose up
Have any nigga in the World but she chose us
I remember them same hoes ain't even notice us
Get you to buy us a drink than its over cuz
We back around the time that she sober’d up
Shit ain't been the same since the limosuine showed up
The best moments of my life
Never filled this much plastic off of Polo in my life
Rarely gon to see, smoking with ya wife
Plus anything you want I can afford to buy it twice
It’s the way we know, wake up in the morn’
Like “where did all my paper go”
Grow some more weed and get medicated
Everyday is a holiday so we celebrated

[Repeat Chorus:]
Yea, you already know
When I walk the fuck by
You can't act like
I ain't the fliest thing you ever seen in your
Whole entire muthafuckin sorry ass life

You can't say I'm not the freshest nigga you ever seen
Keep a couple grand nothin less in my jeans
That's probably why yo bitch keep ringin' my phone
When I pull up she can't leave me alone
Lil' homie I grind, no sleep
I'm good in the hood everybody know me
I got my truck on blast
Hear me when I roll through
Stuntin' like a young nigga supposed to
Stuntin' like I'm supposed to

Ridin' with my hat cocked back
Smokin' something good 3 blunts and I'm smacked out
All city on smash, game on padlock
26 inch rims throw 'em on the matchbox
6 bad hoes man I can't choose one
3 cell phones I just can't use one
You see how often I spit
You just off bread hun
This the shit they can't do young
Talk fly if you look 'em in the air
Too young, you wonder were I got these Gucci pair of shoes from
A lot of ya'll mad
To me it's just funny
I see why ya'll hatin man the hoes just love me
And you know I'm gettin' shhh
Fuck it I ain't gotta say it
The tab taken care of nigga I ain't gotta pay it
Yea, I'm all day with it, year round
I bet if you was here now
You can't say I'm not the freshest nigga you ever seen
Keep a couple grand nothin less in my jeans
That's probably why yo bitch keep ringin' my phone
When I pull up she can't leave me alone
Lil' homie I grind, no sleep
I'm good in the hood everybody know me
I got my truck on blast
Hear me when I roll through
Stuntin' like a young nigga supposed to

Got a fat knot, blunt rolled up
Me I ride clean
Neck froze up
Bad bitch on the side
My niggas all rich
Foreign whips is what they drive
Yea, I smell like Gucci and big money too
See them guys with me? they gettin' money too
Ride 222s and got heat so
If a nigga try me you a big prob you runnin' into
I smoke a lot need blunt or 2
At a time whole pounds I be runnin' through
Yea, I got a dime bitch coming through
Cause I pimp like I'm supposed to
Wonder how I get it like this, I could show you
It's all leather in the whip when I roll through
This year I'm a get shit cleared
Take a look at this kid
You can't say I'm not the freshest nigga you ever seen
Keep a couple grand nothin less in my jeans
That's probably why yo bitch keep ringin' my phone
When I pull up she can't leave me alone
Lil' homie I grind, no sleep
I'm good in the hood everybody know me
I got my truck on blast
Hear me when I roll through
Stuntin' like a young nigga supposed to

[Hook]
Talk to me, I talk back
Let's talk money, I talk that
Talk to me, I talk back
Let's talk money, I talk that
Talk to me, I talk back
Let's talk money, I talk that
Talk to me, I talk back
Let's talk money, I talk that

[Intro]
Yeah! It's Young
Wiz Khalifa man
412, Pittsburgh, Pistolvania and all that
Uh-huh
But right now we gon' talk money
So talk to me
Ya kno? Yeahhh!

[Verse 1]
If she wanna talk to me, I'mma talk back
Said she love my music and she think I'm all that
Told me I be on her mind like a fitted ball cap
Love the way I blow money, and get it all back
Cup full of that Patron, swisher like a ball bat
Skinny lil nigga but my pockets all fat
And I'm lookin for a dime, or better yet a dub
So if that pussy good go on and show a nigga love
Yeah, I'm posted in the club and there's freaks errywhere
Bottle after bottle, good weed up in the air
I see a bad bitch look at me when she stare
So I'mma go and say a couple things in her ear
I tell her I'm the man, and that I run the town
You think about it, I could change your life right now
And if your nigga trip, then best believe it's goin down
If shit get outta line, there ain't no need to go around
Just come and...

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
Ay, ay
Grippin on this honey while I'm puffin my reefer
Youngin talk money, get a homie bilingual
If she lookin like a hungry ho that's how I treat her
No I don't need her, go on off the meter
I don't chase hoes, chase cheese like the cheetah
You be all polite, sayin please when you meet her
I don't even greet her, just look her in the face
Pull her to the side, let her give my blunt a taste
Ask her what she drank, a little this, alotta that
Forget about a shot cause we got bottles in the back
Shawty, swallow some of that, and get low
And move that thing around like a certified pro
Cigarillo full of 'dro, so what you wan' do?
Your girls know the biz, you can bring your friends too
And you can do you, cause they gon' do me
I'd rather do y'all, I'm down for all three
Just come and...

[Extended Hook]
Yeah, you already know
When I walk the fuck back
You can't act like that ain't the flyest thing you ever seen in your whole muthafuckin entire sorry ass life

[Chorus]
Can't say I'm not the freshest nigga that you ever seen
Keep a couple grand nothin' less in my jeans
That's probably why yo bitch keep ringin' my phone
When I pull up she can't leave me alone
Lil' homie I grind (I grind)
No sleep (sleep)
I'm good in the hood everybody know me (know me)
I got my truck on blast (blast)
Hear me when I roll through
Stuntin' like a young nigga supposed to (supposed to)
Stunt'n like I'm supposed to
Ridin' with my hat cocked
Smokin' something good 3 blunts and I'm smacked out
All city on smash, game on padlock
26 inch rims, chrome 'em on the matchbox
6 bad hoes man I can't choose one
3 cell phones I just can't use one
You see how often I spit
You just off bread hun
This the shit they can't do young
Talk fly if you look 'em in the air
Too young, you wonder where I got these Gucci pair of shoes from
A lot of yall mad
To me it's just funny
I see why yall hatin man and the hoes just love me
And you know I'm gettin' shhh
Fuck it I ain't gotta say it
The tab taken care of nigga I ain't gotta pay it
Yea, I'm all day with it, year round
I bet if you was here now

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Got a fat knot, blunt rolled up
Me I ride clean, neck froze up
Bad bitch on the side
My niggas all rich
Foreign whips what they drive
Yea, I smell like Gucci and big money too
See them guys with me? they gettin' money too
Ride 22s and got heat so
If a nigga try me you a big prob you runnin' into
I smoke a lot need blunt or 2
At a time whole pounds I be runnin' through
Yea, I got a dime bitch coming through
Cuz I pimp like I'm supoosed to
Wonder how I get it like this, I could show you
But it's all leather in the whip when I roll through
This year I'm a get shit cleared
Take a look at this kid

[Chorus]

[Verse 1]
Fuck with a nigga that be stacking all the time, just from rapping all them lines
Don't plan on falling back, I don't relax, I'm on my grind
Got that tatted on my mind, money it is
I'm like butter when it come to my bread, I'm on top of it
Swagger on 1-0-0
Where I'm from. I'm an icon and a hero
I crack a cigarillo put some Ray in the middle
My grind like the niggas with them thangs in the riddle
Spit hot water over cocaine instrumentals and call it crack
They leave standing have em crawling back
That nigga, the shit, the man, I'm all that
And I don't brag so evidently I been told that
You niggas so wack
I'm so ahead of myself, shit, I could go back
Still wouldn't be fucking with me
So all that hating shit is nothing to me
I'm eating right, yeah, my life's like a fucking movie
Or a bucket 2-seat with 200 on the dash
I get close to anyone, I'm gon' crash
You ain't touched half or even 'round that quarter mark
I be up on front, you a background watermark
My flow more than hard, my nigga Im solid
You on that bullshit with the mic like Scottie
Don't need security, I got Breeze and Big Lonnie
An average size team, but we seem like an army
Smoke a lot of green cause a lot of green calm me
Comatose, pick a drug, this shit overdose
I'm a typhoon, know the flow don't float your boat
Fuck around capsize, got it locked rap wise
Roll my blunts bat-sized, homie I am that guy
Drink Hen like my hoes stand with lil back sides
Highly intact my plan to attack then paid off
So fuck just having a day off
Take the rest of your life

[Verse 2]
I'm back like a fresh out of rehab addict
It's nothing like I want, got a need for my habit
A fiend gotta have it, a beast or a savage
All about my green, spending leaves, lettuce, cabbage
And since this - hold on... since this number 2
I'ma rock more shows and do big numbers too
Smoke mad trees this what big lumber do
I been doing my thing homie this nothing new
I be getting the grind, certified boss
I tell you that if it ain't getting money, get lost
I flooded my P when you copped that cross
Lame niggas on my dick make me sick get off
What up my nigga Josh, man I just had to say it
And Sledg ain't make this beat for me but I just had to slay it
I'm Warner Bros. paid and Pistolvania bred
I rep Pittsburgh until a nigga laying dead
You dug me?

.

[Chrous]

Incom, incom, incom, incom, incompatible, (Oh)
It don't matter though (Oh)
Cause someone's bound to hear my cry (Oh Oh Oh Oh)
Speak out if you do (Oh)
You're not easy to find. (Oh)

[Verse:]
They say I'm on some shit, but I'm just workin hard
If you ain't on your job, then we can't get along
I'm smokin everyday, my money getting long N niggas gon hate
That's why I made this song
Shorty blowin up my phone, she say that she in love
No matter how much I give her, she say it ain't enough
Hold up it's not a game, or nothing to play with
You see the ice and lights on my spaceship?
Yeah, I'm out here livin, nigga famous in my songs
My paper too right, I can't do wrong
You think too small, I see the big picture
N I fuck wit real niggas, so I can't do yall
Too gone, I be reppin Taylor Gang, who yall?
N that talkin you doin can't do harm
Cuz I'm on, nothing left you can lie bout, but it only took once for me to find out
Pussy nigga we're...

Chours (x2)

[Verse 2:]
She say I'm on some shit, cuz I don't be at home
She called her daddy down, but I be on the road
Gotta get this money, so I gotta do these shows
Text me every day, but I don't even call or respond
Got the nerve to say I don't do you wrong
Look at my picture every time you hear my song
I tell you all the time, I get it together
Shoulda listened to ya girls, you can do better
I'm gone when you need me, busy when you're alone
It's hard to believe me, when I'm in the studio
Groupie hoes on a nigga, follow anywhere he go
The fans takin pictures of me
Can't keep these bitches off me
Police up and down the street, but I'm still spliffin homie
Breeze keep a glicker on em, do a nigga wrong boy
Niggas want my head now that my money gettin long boy
More than Just a song boy, thinkin I'm just rappin to you
Niggas keep they ratchet, this is real shit that can happen to you
Come out here and ask em do you, know about the nigga Wiz
Ever heard of rostrum records, know who Kev the hustla is
So bitch act like ya know me
A youngin bro, but my dough stack like I'm grownin
I'm the black steve austin
I pull up and I stunna
And do just what I wanna, drunk and full of marijuana
Your shine low
I'm somethin like a high beam, gotta be as high as me, to see things how I see
I don't even drive no more, I let the
Ho's ride me
After I see ID
Ain't goin kelly rob me
I'm just bein honest, bein modest I dun tried bein
But niggas hate it so I throw it in they faces
Let em get outta line we goin show em to they places
These shots ain't straight up, they come with a couple chasers
And the baddest hoes chase us
I'm runnin to the money
In the back dime bitch up in my lap gettin blunted
Ya dugg?
The work raw so I'm coppin now for old money
Hustlin since I was born and think you gettin old money
Look dummy, see I'm all
About a meal to gain
Youngin off the porch for that young money like lil wayne
And all this smoke got my eyes on yao ming
Street pharmaceutical, damn shoot it and shoulder lean
I'm only bout that green, weed, and currency
Ignorant flow, no I never
Show em courtesy
Cause I'm a star too, doin what the stars do, roll em back to back and then I climb to the stars whoa!
Yeah you
Thought the boy was slippin but I wasn't
I connect like the movies get it cheaper by the dozen
Gotta freak with some cousins
They be always on call
Like the wnba them ho's love balls
I got em trained like 1, 2 suck and blow
Ice box cold wrist, wiz roll another
O!

[Intro]
Yeah
(Green Lantern)
Yeaahhh...
(It's grow season
Grow somethin)
Yeah
(Grow a life
Grow some money)
It's young-
(Me? I'm growing bank accounts, baby)
Yeah
Yeaahhh
It's young Wiz
(Wiz Khalifa
Young'n on his grind)
Grow
I hear a lot of niggas talkin, you know
('07 man)
I'm that nigga
Down to ride, and smoke
(Pittsburgh)
No questions asked
412
Ain't even nothin to fuckin debate about
Let's get it

[Hook]
You think you do it big?
I guarantee I do it bigger
I'm all about my money
Yeah, I'm all about my figures
I'm screamin fuck the law
Til the Lord come and get us
And a nigga goin hard, dog
So y'all ain't fuckin wit him
Know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that, nigga
Go on ask about me
I'm, that, nigga; know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that, nigga
Go on ask about me
I'm, that, nigga; know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that, nigga

[Verse 1]
And I know you hate it
Never needed a handout, unlike most who made it
And y'all close to faded
You see how I get my grind on
Now my shine on
I don't know what shade is
Damn
And errybody know what my name is
Goin off what I been told I'm sorta famous
Trips to foreign places
When niggas found out that Warner laced us
I wish to God I coulda saw they faces
We in the money race, and
Me? I'm gonna chase it
We done made it to the top floor from the basement
This for my cousin, lil Hot Boy stuck in placement
Time is money, so we not really gon waste it
I'm on the road
Gettin my chavo
And niggas wanna hate
But they just listen and nod though
I rhyme that sicker
And fire that spliff up
So fuck what you heard bout me
I'm that nigga

[Hook]
You think you do it big?
I guarantee I do it bigger
I'm all about my money
Yeah I'm all about my figures
I'm screamin fuck the law
Til the Lord come and get us
And a nigga goin hard, dog
So y'all ain't fuckin with him
Know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that, nigga
Go on ask about me
I'm, that, nigga; know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that, nigga
Go on ask about me
I'm, that, nigga; know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that..

[Verse 2]
Ay, ay
And you ain't heard otherwise
I'm one hunned here, nothin like them other guys
Just talkin money-wise
That's all that makes sense
I'm on my 8th spliff-status, on some great shit
But never felt the need to fall back
Niggas gettin all lax
So come and take in all that
Now your fam a big fan of the tall cat
And my Pittsburgh tat match the ballcap
Hatin and all that'll get ya ass nowhere
And if I'm in the spot then guarantee I'mma blow there
My future is so clear, the sky is the limit
They hear me rappin, say "This young guy here is gifted"
28 weeks nigga; I am the sickest
Young motherfucker that's alive and is kickin
Fire a spliff and, roll another Swisher
You ain't gotta ask about me --
You know I'm that nigga

[Chorus]
You do it big?
I guarantee I do it bigger
I'm all about my money
Yeah I'm all about my figures
I'm screamin fuck the law
Til the Lord come and get us
And a nigga goin hard, dog
So y'all ain't fuckin with him
Know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that, nigga
Go on ask about me
I'm, that, nigga; know why, know why?
Cause I'm, that, nigga
Go on ask about me
I'm, that, nigga; know why, know why?
Cause
Sh, sh, shut, shut the fuck up
Hello? Did I get through?
Shut the fuck up guys
Did I get thr-
OMG I'm on W.E.E.D
Yea bitch
Easy rider whats up?
Wiz
Fuck
Taylor Gang or die
Ahhhhhhh

Yeaaheaa
We back again y'all
It's ya boy Mr. Easy Rider
Like I never mothafuckin' left
This time we in love with Kush and Orange Juice
That's right
The formula for Wake and Bake y'all
So get your fruits and vegetables
Roll up that good weed
And ride with me
We gone go straight to the lines
Caller whats ya name and where ya from?
What city you reppin?
How much you love Taylor Gang or Die?

[Caller 1:]
Say dog, it's Lil T from across the tracks mayne
Some young nigga tried that Kush and Orange Juice mayne
And yall niggas dont know, that worn a niggas heart mayne
Real Shit cuz (Ok)
Thats some real shit cuz, you know what I'm sayin

[Easy Rider:]
What we gone do
Is we gone roll this thing up
We gone get a big ass lighter
We gone set this shit on fire
Right here on W.E.E.D
YMCMB, bitches call me Tunechi Li
All them bitches think they fly
And all 'em bitches flew to me
Hit the lights so you could see
My drink is strong and my hooka sweet
Understand the time is now, but time is up the futures bleak
Its me, its stupid cupid
Love me, leave me in the morning
If you like your friend can join in
The wildest flower in the garden
Coolest nigga in the party
Shades on, dreads long
Blood gang, red zone
And I'm with Jay Sean
We like to sleep all day and party all night!
This is how we like to live our life!
Hands up!
Woohh, Woohh
Let's go!

It's revolution, yeah!
Ain't no time for seclusion, yeah!
Come on and put a bottle in your hand
Go til you can't stand it
Just rock it, rock it, Woohh!
So much confusion, yeah!
Cause everybody is losing it!
It's feeling like a festival at night
With the flashing lights
And we rock it, rock it, rock itWo oh!
And we don't got a worry inside
Until it gets bright outside
We breaking all the rules that we know!
We outta control!
We rock and we roll!
And nothing gonna ever stop the party you know!
We go with all

[Chorus:]
We like to sleep all day and party all night!
This is how we like to live our life!
I've got a feeling
Everything is gonna be all right
So come on, come on, come on!
We like to sleep all day and party all night!
This is how we like to live our lives!
I've got a feeling
Everything is gonna be all right
So come on, come on!
Let's party tonight!

Designation yeah, the feel of liberation
We're goin' like a rebel in a cause
And we're breaking the laws
And we rock it, rock it oh, oh!
No hibernation no! No light until the day comes, no!
We gonna paint the town red till god knows when

Cause we rock it! (Wo oh)
And we don't got a worry inside
Until it gets bright outside
We break all the rules that we know!
We're out of control!
We rock and we roll!
And nothing gonna ever stop the party you know!
We go with all

[Chorus:]
We like to sleep all day and party all night!
This is how we like to live our life!
I've got a feeling
Everything is gonna be all right
So come on, come on, come on!
We like to sleep all day and party all night!
This is how we like to live our lives!
I've got a feeling
Everything is gonna be all right
So come on, come on!
Let's party tonight!

We're gonna rock until the night is done
We ain't gonna stop until we see the sun
And we don't ever have a problem
No need for solutions
We're starting up a revolution!

[Chorus:]
We like to sleep all day and party all night!
This is how we like to live our life!
I've got a feeling
Everything is gonna be all right
So come on, come on, come on!
We like to sleep all day and party all night!
This is how we like to live our lives!
I've got a feeling
Everything is gonna be all right
So come on, come on, come on!
Let's party tonight!, Woohh

[Intro: Young Thug]
Pour that shit up fool, it's ours
Ha
Monster!
Man so you ain't gon' pour?
Oh, so you're gonna make a nigga beg you to pour?
Okay bool, you dig?
(Wheezy Beats)
Uh

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
Hopped out my mothafuckin' bed
Hopped in the mothafuckin' coupe (Skrrt)
Pulled up on the Birdman (Brr)
I'm a beast, I'm a beast, I'm a mobster (Ayy)
You got 50 whole bands, you'll be my sponsor (Just for the night)
Them snakes on the plane, me and Kanye-conda (Anacondas)
Yeah (Them anacondas)
I might piece him up and let my partner smoke him (Triple cross)
Chuck-E-Cheese him up, I pizza him, I roll him (Cross)
I'm a gangster, I don't dance, baby I poke
Right now I'm surrounded by some gangsters from Magnolia
I heard I put it in the spot, yessir she told me
My niggas muggin', these niggas YSL only
I heard my Nolia niggas not friendly, like no way
But we not friendly either, you know it
Ha!
Yeah, thumbs up
I've seen more holes than a golf course on Donald Trump's course
My bitch a tall blooded horse, nigga, bronco
And if you catch us down bet you're not gon' trunk us (No)
You got a body, lil' nigga, we got a ton of 'em (Yeah)
You got some Robin's, lil' nigga, we got some Batmans
I let that choppa go "blocka, blocka," get back, son (Back)
You got them MJs, nigga, I got them Jacksons (Racks)

[Chorus: Young Thug]
But really what is it to do
When the whole world constantly hatin' on you?
Pussy niggas hold their nuts, masturbatin' on you
Meanwhile the fuckin' federal baitin' on you
Nigga tell me what you do
Would you stand up or would you turn to a pussy nigga?
I got a hundred things to do
And I can stop rappin' but I can't stop stackin' fuckin' figures

[Verse 2: Birdman & Young Thug]
Yeah, I'm from that mothafuckin' 'Nolia, nigga ('Nolia, nigga)
Birdman'll break a nigga nose, lil' nigga (Nose, lil' nigga, ah)
You need to slow your fuckin' roll, lil' nigga (Roll, lil' nigga, Thugger)
We created Ks on shoulders, nigga (Shoulders, nigga)
I'm a scary fuckin' sight, lil' nigga (Sight, lil' nigga, ah)
We won a hundred mil' on fights, lil' nigga (Fights, lil' nigga, hey)
A hundred bands, sure you're right, lil' nigga (Right, lil' nigga)
I keep some AKs on my flights, lil' nigga (My flights, lil' nigga, I do)
Birdman Willie B (What?)
Smoke some stunna blunts, now my eyes Chinese (Chinese)
Hundred K on private flights overseas (Overseas)
Choppas City nigga, free BG (BG)
Bentley with the doors all 'round, not a Jeep (Jeep)
Rich nigga shit, smoke two pounds in a week (In a week)
Can't find a bitch that don't know we them streets (We them streets)
Bitches know that I am Birdman, that's OG, brrat

[Chorus: Young Thug]
But really what is it to do
When the whole world constantly hatin' on you?
Pussy niggas hold their nuts, masturbatin' on you
Meanwhile the fuckin' federal baitin' on you
Nigga tell me what you do
Would you stand up or would you turn to a pussy nigga?
I got a hundred things to do
And I can stop rappin' but I can't stop stackin' fuckin' figures

[Verse 3: Young Thug]
Nigga, I'm a crack addict
Thought about lettin' them get a cut
Then I went and snagged at it
Yeah, the new Boosie Badazz at it
I'ma drop a nigga life, just like a bad habit
I stick to the ground like a mothafuckin' rug
I'm a big dog, lil' fuck nigga, you a pup
Lil' bitch, clean your drawers before you think you're a thug
Before I be in front your shows, just like your pub
I ain't even lyin', baby
I swear to God I ain't lyin', baby, no
First I'll screw you without these pliers, baby, or
I might dap you like, "good try, baby"
Big B livin', baby
Them boys on my left throwin' up Cs
I promise their mama see them this week
And I don't break promises with my Ds (Them my dogs)
I want Ms and cheese, mister Mickey Ds
She know I am a beast, I am so obese (Rrar)
In Miami I swear they don't got good weed
Wiz Khalifa can you send me some weed please?

[Outro: Birdman]
Yeah, overseas, nigga, top floor, clear windows, nigga
Glass house, drankin' GT, you understand?
We in that Red Light District, you understand?
We 3 and 1, that mean 3 on me, nigga, you understand me?
Just livin' the life, boy, ayy, Thug, just a dollar for a 1, nigga
We can blow a mil', boy
Rich Gang, YSL, blatt!

[Intro: Young Thug]
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah

[Chorus: Young Thug & T.I.]
Niggas say they fuck with you, I can't tell
$500,000 Chevelle (Ayy)
I got bricks and birds for retail (Ayy)
I got 100,000 worth of belts (Racks)
These bitches and these niggas know
That they can't play around here (Yeah)
I call the spot elementary (Yeah)
'Cause I keep a K around here
(Hey, hey, turn it, turn it!) (Yeah)
All my Aces (Ow!) if you play (Yup!)
They make you grady baby (Woo!) (Ah!, woo!)
I might shoot you (Ayy) in your head
And then it's no more thinking
(Thu-thu-thu-thu! Turn up!) (Ayy)
Pussy boy, I'll leave you dead
And call it dedication (No pressure, ayy!) (Woo!)
I put Act inside my drink, they call it medication
(Ayy! My drink medicated) (Hey!)

[Verse 1: T.I.]
Hold up, pull up, roll up, pour up (Po' up)
Ounces in a soda (Woo)
Push up on your bitch and shawty
I didn't even know her (We had a show)
Hey, see this hood I throw up (Yeah)
Realest one I ever seen (Bankhead!)
ATL, call it XXL (What)
'Cause we stay spittin' shells out a long magazine (Grah, bah!)
Real nigga got a crown, better own that thing (What!)
If the game got a throne, bet I'm on that thing (Yup!)
Beloved dope dealer and a well known King
And a killer 'pending how you put your spin on things (Hey!, man)
You know how many suckers get ahead I've seen?
'Bout the same amount of pussy niggas dead I've seen (Uh-huh)
You know how many bitches in the bed I've seen? (Uh)
That like asking me how much bread I've seen (Hmm)
Aye, more than enough, in God we trust
You love a real niggas then fuck with us
But if you got a problem with it then fuck with us
It be ashes to ashes, dust to dust
Got your bitch riding everything but the bus
She let me put it everywhere but the butt (Hah)
I always tell the bitch don't talk so much (Shh)
She say "Who I'm hidin' from? What the fuck? For what?" (Hey!)

[Chorus: Young Thug & T.I.]
Niggas say they fuck with you, I can't tell
$500,000 Chevelle (Ayy)
I got bricks and birds for retail (Ayy)
I got 100,000 worth of belts (Racks)
These bitches and these niggas know
That they can't play around here (Yeah)
I call the spot elementary (Yeah)
'Cause I keep a K around here
(Hey, hey, turn it, turn it!) (Yeah)
All my Aces (Ow!) if you play (Yup!)
They make you grady baby (Woo! Ah!, woo!)
I might shoot you (Ayy) in your head
And then it's no more thinking
(Thu-thu-thu-thu! Turn up!) (Ayy)
Pussy boy, I'll leave you dead
And call it dedication (No pressure, ayy! Woo!)
I put Act inside my drink, they call it medication
(Ayy! My drink medicated Hey!)

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
Man I'm leanin' so bad
I can't do a push up for a million
(Lean, lean lean lean)
Catch a nigga baby mama
Make her give me nothing but ceiling (Head), ayy
Hey, never had time to rap and cap
And dap these tramps, my ice a lamp
I can't adapt, I'd rather slap
I rather pop his cap and naps
His mom, his aunt, his dad, his cat (Woo!)
2004, I was screaming everything Gucci
No Big Cat (Woo!)
And we was skatin' up, ridin' with the K's
Shootin' at all these big racks
Fuck a officer (Yeah)
Akon, what it do, bruh? (What it do?)
Keep these fuckin' hoes off of you (Why?)
When you get some new money turn new or (Swoo!)
You gon' wish you would've or could've (And what?)
The way I
Sit down and get rich like a booker (Yeah)
Might drop the top up off it
If I don't get into the helicopter (Racks!)
Feeling like I'm on a blue dolphin (Why?)
Nigga ridin' round with like hella choppers
Every time I need new surgery (What?)
I'm gon' call up my head doctor (Brrr)
Five more thousands 'cause
She ain't got no head problems (She the best, she the best)
Yeah, all my niggas they be bleedin' nigga (What?)
Yeah, they ain't gon' never cheat a nigga (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
Yeah, pop a watermelon any season, nigga (Ayy)
Yeah, hey, Imma bag her every time I see her, nigga (K's up!)
Fishing hoes with my hook (What?)
Pockets all swollen, no book (What?)
Glasses on, she don't know how I look (Nerdy, nerdy)
Since I'm on, how the fuck do I look? (I'm on, I'm on)
You ain't got no milli, you can't tell me how I look (Oh)
I'm a big old Blood over here, I'm Suge (Ahh!)

[Chorus: Young Thug & T.I.]
Niggas say they fuck with you, I can't tell
$500,000 Chevelle (Aye)
I got bricks and birds for retail (Aye)
I got 100,000 worth of belts (Racks)
These bitches and these niggas know
That they can't play around here (Yeah)
I call the spot elementary (Yeah)
'Cause I keep a K around here
(Hey, hey, turn it, turn it!) (RAH!) (Yeah)
All my Aces (Ow!) if you play (Yup!)
They make you grady baby (woo!) (Ah!, woo!)
I might shoot you (Aye) in your head
And then it's no more thinking
(Thu-thu-thu-thu! Turn up!) (Aye)
Pussy boy, I'll leave you dead
And call it dedication (No pressure, aye!) (Woo!)
I put Act inside my drink, they call it medication
(Aye! My drink medicated) (Aye!, hey!)

[Verse 3: Boosie Badazz & Young Thug]
Aye, you ain't read the paper? (You ain't read the paper?)
You ain't seen the news?
Got a team of goons bout action
Never start it, but I finish it, so nasty, ask 'em (Ask 'em)
They know 'bout me
I'm so Keyshia with the 9, rock-a-bye, baby
So smooth, so fly, baby (So fly, boom, boom!)
Rock-a-bye, baby (Yeah)
Let me turn up now, four shows a week
100 thousand a piece, we getting bread now (Bread now)
(Yeah)
Mama don't worry 'bout nothin' ('bout nothin')
You can kick up your legs now (Yeah)
I ain't lying, got hitters on top of hitters (Chop it, nigga!)
Got hitters on top of hitters (Yeah)
Rest in peace to my nigga Lil Bleek (Lil Bleek!)
I miss you, I miss you nigga
Just tryna live and have a lil fun, nigga
Nephew just came home, half a million dollar bond, nigga
I got fans that bust yo' ass, you talk 'bout Boosie baby
Got off my ass, went got that bag, and Boosie made it
Hate that, nigga

[Chorus: Young Thug & T.I.]
Niggas say they fuck with you, I can't tell
$500,000 Chevelle (Aye)
I got bricks and birds for retail (Aye)
I got 100,000 worth of belts (Racks)
These bitches and these niggas know
That they can't play around here (Yeah)
I call the spot elementary (Yeah)
'Cause I keep a K around here
(Hey, hey, turn it, turn it!) (Yeah)
All my Aces (Ow!) if you play (Yup!)
They make you grady baby (Woo!) (Ah!, woo!)
I might shoot you (Aye) in your head
And then it's no more thinking
(Thu-thu-thu-thu!, turn up!) (Aye)
Pussy boy, I'll leave you dead
And call it dedication (No pressure, aye!) (Woo!)
I put Act inside my drink, they call it medication
(Aye!, my drink medicated) (Hey!)

[Part 1]

Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
I'm in love with a man
Man he twice my age

[Part 2]

Me shine, me love
You're the one who
I'm thinking of
So fly, of course
They have just tie
Don't want to us
Your friends don't lie
As together one I break us up
But you and I
Whenever let 'em take our love

[Chorus]
They wanna shake us
They wanna break us
They wanna take us
We make us that mistake as
For a new love
If they only new love
Where all we've got

From the time up put my eyes on
You know they said we did wrong
You are that one I want

'cause I'm in love with the girl
Man she twice my age
Don't know what it is
Must be a thing for a you for days
And I know her smile
Is gonna drive me crazy
But I'm in love with the girl
Man she twice my age

Wine just a bit, a bit
A bit, a bit, a bit
Wine just a bit, a bit
A bit, a bit, a bit

[Part 1]

Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
I'm in love with a man
Man he twice my age

[Part 3]

They're wrong, I'm right
They just say it because you're mine
Its cool, alright
Do what they want to
'cause it's our lifes
As long as got this
I might witness
Tell 'em
To mind their business
You give me hugs and kisses, baby

[Chorus]
They wanna shake us
They wanna break us
They wanna take us
We make us that mistake as
For a new love
If they only new love
Where all we've got

From the time up put my eyes on
You know they said we did wrong
You are that one I want

'cause I'm in love with the girl
Man she twice my age
Don't know what it is
Must be a thing for a you for days
And I know her smile
Is gonna drive me crazy
But I'm in love with the girl
Man she twice my age

Wine just a bit, a bit
A bit, a bit, a bit
Wine just a bit, a bit
A bit, a bit, a bit

[Part 4]

They're really fine
Don't want to cut a fit
But love the way
You work about it
I only get 'em
They just cost a bit

'cause baby girl
You know you're perfect
You know you want me
From a boy than a friend
You know you want me
Girl don't try, pretend
What a day
We're more than a ten
And let me
I may tell you again

[Chorus]
They wanna shake us
They wanna break us
They wanna take us
We make us that mistake as
For a new love
If they only new love
Where all we've got

From the time up put my eyes on
You know they said we did wrong
You are that one I want

'cause I'm in love with the girl
Man she twice my age
Don't know what it is
Must be a thing for a you for days
And I know her smile
Is gonna drive me crazy
But I'm in love with the girl
Man she twice my age

Wine just a bit, a bit
A bit, a bit, a bit
Wine just a bit, a bit
A bit, a bit, a bit

[Part 1]

Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooh
I'm in love with a man
Man he twice my age
Love for Sale!
Advertising young love for sale
Who would like to pay the price for a trip to Paradise?
Love for Sale!
Who will buy?
Who would like to sample my supply?
Who would like to climb the stairs?
Who would like to try my wares?
Love for Sale!
Let the poets fight for love in their childish ways
I know every type of love better far than they
If you want the thrill of love
I've been through the mill of love
Old love
New love
Everything but true love!
Love for Sale!!

[Intro: Young Thug & Skooly]
Yeah
I'm so through with that
I'm so through with that
(We got London on da Track)

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Hundred bands, hundred bands dropped on the head of any nigga want it, man (Woo)
Pop me a Xanny, I'm fast, I'm so fast, I'm so faster than Sonic, man (Woo)
True the man, true the man, true to my nigga True Religion Buddha man (Woo)
My money stack tall as Ludacris afro and I swear I'ma shoot with that (Woo)
I just hit for nine birds, what I'ma do with that?
Pull up on the curb, then you hop out and be through with that (Ooh)
I'm so fresh like dish detergent, if you not fresh, you so through with that (So fresh)
If you are a nerd, everything here, you not cool with that

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
Yes, you not cool
No, you not bool (What?)
I don't give no damn, I'm not calling you boo (Uh-uh)
My bitch, she a jewel (Whoa)
You can't prove a point, boy, you know you so doomed (You dig?)
You know you so doomed (Yeah)
I swear I'm so lost with no clue, don't know what to do (What?)
Over loud, over loud (Yeah)
I over loud on these niggas
Ain't know how to milk these cows
She made that dick grow, now it's big like a tower
Yow, front pockets filled up with bands, no Bible

[Chorus: Young Thug & Lil Duke]
Hundred bands, hundred bands dropped on the head of any nigga want it, man (Woo)
Pop me a Xanny, I'm fast, I'm so fast, I'm so faster than Sonic, man (Woo, woo)
True the man, true the man, true to my nigga True Religion Buddha man (True it, woo)
My money stack tall as Ludacris afro and I swear I'ma shoot with that (Sheesh, sheesh)
I just hit for nine birds, what I'ma do with that? (Sheesh, sheesh)
Pull up on the curb, then you hop out and be through with that (Skrrt)
I'm so fresh like dish detergent if you not fresh, you so through with that (Clean)
If you are a nerd, everything here, you not cool with that (Hey, dork)

[Verse 2: Lil Duke]
Pull up, hop out the block, they tuck in they tail, I go, "Who the clan?" (Cacaw, cacaw)
We dressed in all-black, I'm always on the road just like a Uber man (I'm textin')
We wrappin' and sendin' them packs, soon as they land, we movin' 'em (Wrapped, shipped)
Blame it on the OGs, they influenced me (I'm ridin' with felons)
Ain't gonna count money, nigga (Uh-uh, nah)
I ain't just met money, nigga (Ain't just met money, nigga)
I put lipstick on the 'Rari, she say that's delicious (Skrr-skrr-skrr-skrr)
Who that is in that Crown Vic? He look suspicious (Oh, him, shh)
I just jugged a hundred pounds, I made a…

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Hundred bands, hundred bands dropped on the head of any nigga want it, man (Woo, woo)
Pop me a Xanny, I'm fast, I'm so fast, I'm so faster than Sonic, man (Woo, woo)
True the man, true the man, true to my nigga True Religion Buddha man (Sheesh, woo)
My money stack tall as Ludacris afro and I swear I'ma shoot with that (Yeah, sheesh, sheesh)
I just hit for nine birds, what I'ma do with that? (Hey)
Pull up on the curb, then you hop out and be through with that (Skrrt-skrrt)
I'm so fresh like dish detergent, if you not fresh, you so through with that (Fresh)
If you are a nerd, everything here, you not cool with that

[Outro: Young Thug]
Yeah, you not cool with that
No, you not cool with that
No, you not cool with that
Yeah

[Verse]
If they had ever
Ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever told me
If they had ever, ever told me how sweet a kiss could be
I would have said impossible, impossible for me
And if they said that I'd find you beyond the rainbow's end
I would have said it's impossible, impossible, my friend

[Bridge]
To dream about what might have been is strange enough for me
But now it seems that I'm living in a dream too beautiful to be

[Outro]
And if they'd said that I'd find you beside a stormy sea
I would have said it's impossible for now I, I see
That nothing is impossible if you are here with me

[Intro: Young Thug]
Yeah, yeah
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah
Ayy

[Chorus: Young Thug & Birdman]
I'm gon' beat that pussy up just like a champion (Woo)
I'm a beast inside these streets like a barbarian (Beast)
Told my baby next February we're married (On blood)
We laughin' at these pussy boys, they're so hilarious (Hah)
I might get him knocked off, pull some spaghetti strings
You understand?
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Pew pew pew pew)
I might get him knocked off for a double sealed pint of lean
Udigg?
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (On blood)
I might get him knocked off while I pull a bank scheme
B's up
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Skrrrrrt)
I might get him knocked off for just tryna join the team
Yeah, Stunna
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Gah gah gah gah)
Yeah

[Verse 1: Birdman & Young Thug]
Yeah, we roll these bitches like they centipedes (Damn)
We get this money, flip some hundreds then we blow some Gs (They on my what?)
I gave her life and then I showed her Bs (Roll it, roll it, roll it)
We fucked the world but now we overseas (Woop, woop)
Inside of the car, we stashed a hundred bricks (Swoo)
We put it down and hit the town, we 'bout the money trips (Woo)
Wait, the ice is rollin' 'cause we're rollin', bitch (Gah)
Flakes, the dope is colder 'cause we're polar, bitch (Whip, whip)
I answer the call and put her right beside me (Skrrrt)
Two, we 'bout that woop like them brand new Spyders (Skrrrt)
Keep your mouth closed, boy, 'cause we're aim and fire (Woah, woah)
I just might one night her, show love and wife her (Damn)
I'm bangin' green like the lizard in Geico (Woo)
I pull up and wet you, burn your top like Michael (Woo)
I got bullets bigger than fingers in rifles (Gah, gah)
It's big Bs with a hundred Gs in each one of my pockets
Blatt

[Chorus: Young Thug]
I'm gon' beat that pussy up just like a champion (Woo)
I'm a beast inside these streets like a barbarian (Beast)
Told my baby next February we're married (On blood)
We laughin' at these pussy boys, they're so hilarious (Hah)
I might get him knocked off, pull some spaghetti strings
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Pew pew pew pew)
I might get him knocked off for a double sealed pint of lean
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (On blood)
I might get him knocked off while I pull a bank scheme
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Skrrrrrt)
I might get him knocked off for just tryna join the team
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Gah gah gah gah)
Yeah

[Verse 2: Young Thug]
I'm not gon' pass, I'ma smash 'em
She want that nut so I blast her
My Bentley grey like a pastor
Whippin' that snow, no Alaska
Good head, she got her masters
Shawty a long way from dumb
Your money flat like a plasma
Good kush, smoke is the bomb
I drink that Act while you be drinkin' red
I don't fall in love, I run over it instead
Hey, babe, bobble that big ol' head
I'm like, "lil' baby, I don't know your kid"
I keep my pistol I'll give you the lead
They 3 deep I call 'em Ed, Edd and Eddy
Baby take a picture,  get that photo cred
She make me lean back like a sofa bed

[Chorus: Young Thug]
I'm gon' beat that pussy up just like a champion (Woo)
I'm a beast inside these streets like a barbarian (Beast)
Told my baby next February we're married (On blood)
We laughin' at these pussy boys, they're so hilarious (Hah)
I might get him knocked off, pull some spaghetti strings
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Pew pew pew pew)
I might get him knocked off for a double sealed pint of lean
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (On blood)
I might get him knocked off while I pull a bank scheme
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Skrrrrrt)
I might get him knocked off for just tryna join the team
They ain't gon' play with me, no no (Gah gah gah gah)
Yeah
There's a dark and a troubled side of life
There's a bright and a sunny side too
Though we meet with the darkness and strife
The sunny side we also may view

Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side
Keep on the sunny side of life
It will help us every day, it will brighten up the way
If we keep on the sunny side of life

Let us greet with a song of hope each day
Though the moments may be cloudy or fair
Let us trust that the Savior always
Will keep us every one in His care

Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side
Keep on the sunny side of life
It will help us every day, it will brighten up the way
If we keep on the sunny side of life

Oh, the storm and it's fury broke today
Crushing hopes that I cherished so dear
Storms and clouds will in time pass away
And the sun again will shine bright and clear
Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side
Keep on the sunny side of life
It will help us every day, it will brighten up the way
If we keep on the sunny side of life

[Keith Murray]
Ayo, catch this wordage bubonic plague
In your head, back, chest, arms, and legs
When I'm coming through, grab your cranium for alternatum, son
I faze subterranium
My subliminals mix with criminal chemicals
Got more milky syllables...

[Puff Daddy]
Yo, Chuck, throw on some of that smooth shit, man...

[Intro]
Everybody gather 'round, this is a test
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
Yo, you and you, you and you and you
All of y'all invited to come kick it with my crew
I get you all excited if I tell you what we do
Just come along and tell everybody no matter who
Spread the word, by the chitter chat
And go like this, and kinda go like that
It's taking place inside and outside
In your house, in your ride
Gotta get it, get it right
And that's the way it went
It's only evident
And the music's been sent
To move your ligament
Show you down to us
C'mon baby shake that thang
We ain't tryin' to hold nobody back

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Tell your mama come
Tell your papa come
Tell your brother come
Tell your sister come
Tell your cousin come
Tell your homie come
'Cause y'all can come along
Nigga come along
Tell your mama come
Tell your papa come
Tell your brother come
Tell your sister come
Tell your cousin come
Tell your homie come
'Cause they can come along
Really y'all can come along

[Verse 2: apl.de.ap]
This is an invitation
So gather up your crew
We goin' on a mission
Provided by the who (who)
The three amigos
Doin' our way like Carlitto's
I'm seein' señoritas
Send some me the señoritos
So grab her by the hand
And make her feel the jam
It's like a salsa dance
Hotter than some desert sands
So baby sway
Dilate me like my people
Come and unify
The reason this we are equal
And if you're feelin' down
We're here to pick you up
You can shake it off
Baby just tell me what's up
Let me help you out
Or you can turn your back
We don't wanna hold nobody back

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Tell your mama come
Tell your papa come
Tell your brother come
Tell your sister come
Tell your cousin come
Tell your homie come
'Cause they can come along
All of y'all can come along
Tell your mama come
Tell your papa come
Tell your brother come
Tell your sister come
Tell your cousin come
Tell your homie come
'Cause they can come along
Really y'all can come along

[Bridge]
And join in the fun
Come along and join in the fun
Come along and join in the fun
Come along see see
We gonna be
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'
Dancin', dancin', dancin', dancin'

[Verse 3: Taboo & will.i.am]
Bien venidos a(what?)
A mi festival(what?)
Y mucha emoción(what?)
Como un carnival(what?)
Mucha música(what?)
Mundo pa´ bailar(what?)
Todos encantados(what?)
Vamos a cantar(what?)
Yo, my man Taboo
Look they don't understand
Why don't you flip it up
And switch it back to English man
Well come all of y'all
To our festival
The emotion is
Like a carnival
Music all around
The world is gettin' down
Everyone's aight
And they dig the sound
So my chicharon in saturated fat
We ain't tryin' to hold nobody back

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Tell your mama come
Tell your papa come
Tell your brother come
Tell your sister come
Tell your cousin come
Tell your homie come
'Cause they can come along
All of y'all can come along
Tell your mama come
Tell your papa come
Tell your brother come
Tell your sister come
Tell your cousin come
Tell your homie come
'Cause they can come along
Really y'all can come along

[Verse 1]
I can't believe
Ater all this time
I'm in love with a man
Who could never be mine
And just to think
I believed one day, you'd really leave
Like you said you would, 'cause you don't love her
But your little girl really needs you, oh

[Chorus]
Christmas you were with me
New Years Eve you were not around
Valentine's, you came and went
Makes me wonder where your time was spent
Fireworks on the Fourth of July, Thanksgiving was another lie
Your family has never met me and you've never met mine
No happy holidays
No happy holidays

[Verse 2]
I've got to let go, of this feeling
Being with you deprived me, of your true love, true love
I can't fathom living this life without being number one
This is finally goodbye
I pray to God you live a happy life
'Cause loving you just ain't right
Make her know why

[Chorus]
Christmas you were with me
New Years Eve you were not around
Valentine's, you came and went
Makes me wonder where your time was spent
Fireworks on the Fourth of July, Thanksgiving was another lie
Your family has never met me, and you've never met mine
No happy holidays

[Bridge]
(Wish I had known) I wish I had known (the situation from the start)
(Now it's complicated because)
It is because I gave you my heart
(Honestly, I held on) I held on for dear life
(For my ego my pride) Hey, oh
(But what goes around) But what goes around
(Comes around) comes around
But maybe next time I'll be on the other side
Mmm...
Oh...

[Chorus]
(Christmas) Christmas you were with me
(New Years Eve) New Years Eve you were not around
Valentine's, you came and went
Makes me wonder where your time was spent
Fireworks on the Fourth of July, Thanksgiving was another lie
Your family has never met me, and you've never met mine
(And he never will)
No happy holidays
Christmas you were with me
(New Year, New Year) New Years Eve you were not around
(You were not around, where were you?)
Valentine's, you came and went
(Oh, tell me where you were)
Makes me wonder where your time was spent
(I need to know how you're spending your time nowadays, baby)
Fireworks on the Fourth of July (No fireworks are going off)
Thanksgiving was another lie
(Thanksgiving was another one of your sad lies)
Your family has never met me, and you've never met mine
No happy holidays
(You never, never met mine)

Christmas you were with me
(New Years Eve) New Years Eve you were not around
Valentine's, you came and went
(Valentine's Day, I didn't card that said 'I love you')
Makes me wonder where your time was spent
(I didn't even get a phone call)
Fireworks on the Fourth of July
(Why did you tell me so many lies?)
Thanksgiving was another lie
(You're deceiving, you're deceiving, you gotta go)
Your family has never met me, and you've never met mine
(I don't even care about meeting yours)
No happy holidays

[Verse 1]
Looking out on the morning rain
I used to feel so uninspired
And when I knew I had to face another day
Lord, it made me feel so tired

[Pre-Chorus]
Before the day I met you
Life was so unkind
You're the key to my peace of mind

[Chorus]
'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman
Woman...

[Verse 2]
When my soul was in the lost and found
You came along to claim it
I didn't know what was wrong with me
'Til your kiss helped me name it

[Pre-Chorus]
Now I'm no longer doubtful
To what I'm livin' for
And if I make you happy
I don't need to do more

[Chorus]
'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman
Woman...

[Bridge]
Oh baby, what you've done to me
(Done to me)
You make me feel so good inside
(Good inside)
And I just wanna be
(Wanna be)
Close to you, you make me feel so alive

[Chorus]
'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman

[Outro]
You make me feel (You make me feel)
You make me feel (Feel like a real)
You make me feel like a real
You make me feel (You make me feel)
You make me feel (Feel like a real)
You make me feel like a real
(You make me feel, you make me feel)

[Verse 1]
Tired of living like my days are bad
When I open up my eyes, I'm glad
And I can't complain 'bout yesterday
'Cause today's a brand new day
Comb my hair, and though some like it wrong
Jump in my ride because it's on
And I'm gone, I'm gone

[Chorus]
I woke up this morning
Opened up my eyes and prayed, Lord
'Cause it's a beautiful day (Lord, 'cause it's a beautiful)
No matter what nobody say (No matter what nobody say)
Even though it's cloudy, I can see the sun rays (See the sun rays, oh)
Oh, 'cause it's a beautiful day (It's a beautiful day)
No matter what nobody say
'Cause it's a beautiful day, a beautiful day

[Verse 2]
Life just can't get no better than this
Mother Nature's given us a kiss
'Cause tomorrow, I'm glad I didn't miss
Let's take advantage of days like this
When the night time does finally hit
There'll be no reason for guns
It'll be fun, fun, fun, fun

[Chorus]
I woke up this morning (I woke up this morning)
Opened up my eyes and prayed, Lord (Opened my eyes)
'Cause it's a beautiful day (It's a beautiful day)
No matter what nobody say (No matter what they say)
Even though it's cloudy, I can see the sun rays (Even though it's cloudy, I can see the sun rays)
Oh, 'cause it's a beautiful day (Oh, it's a beautiful day)
No matter what nobody say (No matter, no matter, no matter)
'Cause it's a beautiful day (Beautiful day), a beautiful day (Beautiful day)

[Bridge]
Everything is good because I'm living and I'm healthy (My health is good)
I'm not too concerned 'bout being poor or being wealthy (That's for sure)
I feel really good about this blessing given to me (Thank you, Lord)
Nothing in this world could ever take all my joy from me
It's beautiful, it's beautiful
It's beautiful, it's beautiful, it's beautiful
Oh, a beautiful day, a beautiful day
Beautiful day, a beautiful day

[Chorus]
I woke up this morning
Opened up my eyes and prayed, Lord (I woke up this morning)
'Cause it's a beautiful day (Opened my eyes and prayed)
No matter what nobody say (No matter what nobody say)
Even though it's cloudy, I can see the sun rays (Even though, even though, even though, I can see the sun rays)
Oh, 'cause it's a beautiful day
No matter what nobody say
'Cause it's a beautiful day, a beautiful day (I don't have a complaint in the world, I am doing so good)

[Bridge]
Without, without, without the money
Without, without, without the stress
Without, without, without the people, yeah
Beautiful day, beautiful day, beautiful day, day, day, day

[Chorus]
I woke up this morning
Opened up my eyes and prayed, Lord
'Cause it's a beautiful day (Beautiful day)
No matter what nobody say (Beautiful day)
Even though it's cloudy, I can see the sun rays (Even though it's cloudy, I can see the sun rays)
Oh, 'cause it's a beautiful day (Through the clouds, I can see 'em)
No matter what nobody say (I can see 'em, I can see 'em)
I woke up this morning (There's no one in the world that can take my joy, my joy, joy)
Opened up my eyes and prayed, Lord
'Cause it's a beautiful day
No matter what nobody say (Beautiful, beautiful day)
Even though it's cloudy, I can see the sun rays (See the sun rays)
Oh, 'cause it's a beautiful day (Beautiful, beautiful day)
No matter what nobody say (No matter what nobody say)
'Cause it's a beautiful day (Day), a beautiful day (Day)

[Intro: K-Ci & Mary J. Blige & K-Ci]
Well
I'm not lookin', I'm not lookin'
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm not lookin' either
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, baby
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Don't wanna come to you
Sit down and let me talk to you
Oh save it, save it, save it
For a little while, my sugar
You've been talking for too long
Yeah, go ahead, go ahead
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
What you gotta say? What you gonna say this time?
How many lies are you gonna tell?
Don't be afraid about what your about to hear right now, baby
Oh, listen
What is it?

[Verse 1: K-Ci]
I'm not trying to fall in love with you
I just wanna hit you with my groove, yes I do, yes I do
What I'm tryin' to say, I'm not tryin' to be mean
No, no, no, no, but, but baby, can't you respect my honesty?
I'm tryin' to tell you I'm not lookin', baby

[Chorus: K-Ci]
I'm not looking for no love affair
Won't nobody tell you that they seen me there?
So I don't need you trippin', tryin' to take me there
I'm not looking for no love affair
Sometimes it make me feel so sad to think about it, but I'm not looking, baby, baby, yeah
I'm not looking for no love affair
Won't nobody tell you that they seen me there?
So I don't need you trippin', tryin' to take me there
Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, Mary, sing it, girl

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
You think you got what it takes to please me
I'm not impressed by your honesty, oh no, no
I don't need you to tell me I look good, I don't need it, no (I know you don't)
'Cause I've been here and back around my hood
And I'm tryin' to tell you somethin'

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I'm not lookin' for no player shit (Oh no)
Not when everybody's trying to get with this (Oh no)
You see, I don't need you here just to get a hit
I'm not lookin' for no player shit (Oh oh)
I'm not lookin' for no player shit
Not when everybody's tryin' to get with this (Don't want it)
You see, I don't need you here just to get a hit
(Don't need it, don't want your hits no more)
I'm not lookin' for no player shit

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige & K-Ci]
Where were you when everything was goin' down?
I left my man and didn't have no one around
See, I don't need it, I don't want it
You're not the nigga for it
You think that you can get it
Know right now I'm not gonna let it

Oh, please stop fronting on that player shit
I heard around the town you were still down with it
If you think I don't know, sugar, let me tell you so
Let me in, let's begin, but what I want, yeah, be friends

[Outro: Mary J. Blige & K-Ci]
I'm not lookin' for no love affair
I'm not lookin' for no player shit
Yeah yeah
Oh, not when everybody's trying to get with me
I'm not even trying, baby
All day and all night you fool, I don't need it
Don't need it
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm not lookin' for no love affair
I swear tired of playin' games
My mind, mind, mind is all confused, baby, yeah
I don't wanna be down, go ahead, go ahead
Go ahead, oh
I don't wanna be down, I'm tired of playing games
Tired of chasing your egomaniac, egotistical, chest sticking out
Oh baby
Think you got the gift of the world, ohThat's not me, that's not me, that's not me
Hate to do it to you like this
Yeah, yeah, yeah
But I got to do it cause it's only right
To let you know I'm not looking
For no arrogant egotistical player shit
I hear you
I'm not lookin'
Do you really hear me? Then hear this
I'm sick and tired of chasing you
I understand you, baby
Sick and tired of holding you
I said I hear you
Go ahead, go ahead
All my ladies stand up and clap
I understand you
If you feel me, if you feel me
Come with something better than that please
I'm so sorry, Mary
I know you're sorry

[Intro: will.i.am]
Ha, ha
Just freak and freak and freak and shake your monkey
Monkey, monkey, monkey
Monkey ,monkey, monkey (shake it, baby)

[Refrain: will.i.am]
Shake your monkey, monkey
Shake your monkey, monkey
Shake your monkey, monkey
Shake your monkey, monkey

[Pre-Chorus: will.i.am]
Cause it's monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey boo

[Chorus: will.i.am with Fergie]
So move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Move ya body down to the floor (ha!)

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
Monkey see, monkey do, now do the monkey dance
Ma boo boo boo boom boom I'll put you in a trance
You know the style is fresh (yes) most definitely
So I'ma give it to you now cause that's what you need (thanks)
That's what I do, that's who I am
Some call me will.i.am, some call me (hot damn, nigga)
Now check it out, they say we sold out
We're selling out show, what they're talking bout?

[Pre-Chorus: will.i.am]
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey

[Chorus: will.i.am with Fergie]
So move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Move ya body down to the floor (ha!)

[Post-Chorus: will.i.am with Fergie]
And say heya-heya-heya (ho!)
Now heya-heya-heya (ho!)
Now heya-heya-heya (ho!)
Now heya-heya-heya (ho!)

[Verse 2: apl.de.ap]
Now do your freaky dance, girl, shake it down the floor
I wanna see ya get busy and show me some more
This is your chance to do it like never before
Jiggle your booty and do it until ya feet are sore
Next thing, swing your body like an orangutan
Got beats, got bangs, got to see in dang
(Ooh-ooh ahh-ahh) The mr. same thang
Monkey see, monkey do it, that's how monkeys hang

[Pre-Chorus: will.i.am]
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey

[Chorus: will.i.am with Fergie]
So move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Move ya body down to the floor (ha!)

[Post-Chorus: will.i.am with Fergie]
And say heya-heya-heya (ho!)
Now heya-heya-heya (ho!)
Now heya-heya-heya (ho!)
Now heya-heya-heya (ho!)

[Bridge: will.i.am]
Let's get monkey shy (monkey shy)
Have a special time (special time)
Let's pour some wine
Everybody in the house lose their mind
Cause I wanna lose my mind
Have a special time
Let's pour some wine
Discos goes for the good times

[Break: will.i.am & Fergie]
And we'll say mon, mon mon mon mon
Mon mon mon mon, mon mon mon mon mon
Mon mon mon mon, key, key key key key
Key key key key key, mon mon mon mon monkey
Mon mon mon mon, mon mon mon mon mon
Mon mon mon mon mon, mon mon mon mon
Mon mon mon mon, key key key key key
Key key key key, key key key key key key key key key key

[Refrain: will.i.am & Fergie]
Shake your monkey, monkey
Shake your monkey, monkey
Shake your monkey, monkey
Shake your monkey, monkey

[Pre-Chorus: will.i.am with Fergie]
Cause it's monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey business
Monkey business, monkey boo

[Chorus: will.i.am with Fergie]
So move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Let's move ya body down to the floor (ha!)
Move ya body down to the floor (ha!)

[Outro: will.i.am & Fergie, will.i.am]
Now heya-heya-hey (ho!)
Now heya-heya-hey (ho!)
Now heya-heya-hey (ho!)
Now heya-heya-hey (ho!)
Now heya-heya-hey (ho!)

[Intro]
Mmm, mmm
Oh, you must believe, you must believe
Hey, yeah

[Chorus]
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
You gotta believe in me
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
You gotta believe in me
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you

[Verse 1]
I told you once before
That I love you
And I need you
But let me tell you once again
You were my closest friend
I'll never leave you
So hold me tight
All through the night
Caress me with your tender care
Anytime or anywhere

[Pre-Chorus]
Anytime, anywhere
I will go with you anywhere
Please won't you trust me, baby?
Won't you trust in me, baby?
Stay with me
'Til death do us part
'Til death do us part
You'll always be right in my heart
Won't you please stay with me?
Baby, please believe in me
Please believe in me

[Chorus]
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
(You must believe in me, baby)
You gotta believe in me
That I won't never hurt you
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
(You must believe me)
You gotta believe me that
Mary, Mary, I hear you loud and clear

[Verse 2]
Why don't you believe in me?
Tell me why you don't see
That you can put your trust in me
And let me lead the way
Please, baby, take my hand
I don't need another man
But if you wanna hold on tight
You cannot be afraid

[Chorus]
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
(You must believe me)
You gotta believe in me
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
(Oh, you got to believe in me)
You gotta believe in me
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you

[Bridge]
Take me, boy, by the hand (Take me)
Let me make you understand
(Make you understand)
That I can never let you down
Baby, just believe in me
Take me, boy, by my hand (I said take me, take me)
Let me make you understand
That I can never let you down
Baby, just believe in me
(Please believe)

[Chorus]
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
You gotta believe in me
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
(You got to believe)
You gotta believe in me
(You gotta believe, you gotta believe, yeah)
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
You gotta believe in me
(You got to believe)
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you
You gotta believe
Gotta believe, gotta believe in me
You gotta believe in me
Gotta believe me that I won't never hurt you
You gotta believe

[Outro]
Yes, yeah, you got to believe, oh oh
(You gotta believe in me, baby)
Yeah yeah, oh yeah
(You gotta believe)
I don't want you to go away
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Let your heart be light
From now on our troubles
Will be out of sight
Have yourself a merry little Christmas
Make the Yule-tide gay
From now on our troubles
Will be miles away
Here we are as in olden days
Happy golden days of yore
Faithful, faithful friends who are dear to us
Gather near to us once more
Through the years
We all will be together
If the fates allow
Hang a shining star
On the highest bough
And have yourself
A merry little Christmas now
Here we are as in olden days
Happy golden days of yore
Faithful, faithful friends who are dear to us
They gather near to us once more
And through the years
We all will be together
If the fates, if the fates allow
Hang a shining star on the highest bough
And have yourself a merry little Christmas now
Ooo ooo ohohoh don't y'all wait no, have now
My little brown book
With the silver binding
How it keeps reminding me
Of a memory that's haunting me

In some quiet nook
I go through its pages
And peruse this ageless tale
Of the love that failed
To ever become true

On this page is the date
Of that fateful night at eight
When we found we were no longer in love
After that there's nothing more
Just a dark and futile door
That shuts out the stars above

My little brown book
I inscribed your heart vows
But since we're apart
Now this and that last sweet kiss
Is all that's left of you
Is all that's left of you

[Verse 1]
Life has a way of making you live it
Sometimes it takes when you be giving it
Do you fold or do you play on?
The next move always depends on you
If your work is good then it's trouble at home
If your move is right then your dough is tight
It's like running an engine on no fuel
How do you play in a game with no rules?

[Pre-Chorus]
(It's always a fight)
A constant battle in my mind
(No place to run, nowhere to hide)
I gotta keep moving on, I gotta at least try
(Dealing with the pressures of everyday life)
Gotta go the extra mile, can't just throw in the towel
You would be so amazed at the amount of things that I can take

[Chorus]
I got troubles with in, troubles with out
Making it through but tryin' to figure it out
Tryin' to stay right when the world is wrong (So wrong)
But I gotta keep moving and press on (Pressin' on)
Gotta stay real, tryin' to be strong
Takin' the blows but gotta hold on
Tryin' to stay right but the world is so wrong
But I gotta keep moving and press on, press on

[Verse 2]
It's such a shame the more that you give
The more that you have to wait
For some one to appreciate all the moves you make
All the chances you gotta take
The way to get ahead is have the fear in your eyes
The only way to get by is for you never let 'em see you sweat
You sure better not let 'em see you cry

[Pre-Chorus]
(It's always a fight)
Ooh ooh, a constant battle in my mind
(No place to run, nowhere to hide)
I gotta keep moving on, I gotta at least try
(Dealing with the pressures of everyday life)
Gotta go the extra mile, can't just throw in the towel
You would be so amazed at the amount of things that I can take

[Chorus]
I got troubles with in, troubles with out
Making it through but tryin' to figure it out
Tryin' to stay right when the world is wrong
(Trying to stay right)
But I gotta keep moving and press on (Pressin' on)
Gotta stay real, tryin' to be strong
Takin' the blows but gotta hold on (And I hurt so bad)
Tryin' to stay right but the world is so wrong
But I gotta keep moving and press on, press on

[Bridge]
Every day it's something new to face
Every night praying that I'll survive
Oh, oh, oo
Tryin' to deal with the pressure
Every time I try to get ahead
Every mistake I make they try to do me in
Whoa oh oh
How much more?

[Pre-Chorus]
(It's always a fight)
A constant battle in my mind
(No place to run, nowhere to hide)
I gotta keep moving on, I gotta at least try
(Dealing with the pressures of everyday life)
Gotta go the extra mile, can't just throw in the towel
You would be so amazed at the amount of things that I can take

[Chorus]
I got troubles with in, troubles with out
Making it through but tryin' to figure it out
Tryin' to stay right when the world is wrong (So wrong)
But I gotta keep moving and press on (Pressin' on)
Gotta stay real, tryin' to be strong
Takin' the blows but gotta hold on
Tryin' to stay right but the world is so wrong
But I gotta keep moving and press on, press on
Mmmmmmmmmm, mmmm
Whooaaaa I am
Ah yeah
Your star light
I ammmmm
Yeaaahh

I am your star for life, entertaining for you and I'm willing to do anythang you want to, baby I'll shine so bright (I'll shine so bright), when you look up at me you will understand we, were meant to be

I am your song ready to be sung, and the name of this tune is I'm your number 1, whenever you need me, just call on my name and I'll be there in a hurry, and on that you can depend and never worry

I am your star for life, entertaining for you and I'm willing to do anythang you want to, baby I'll shine so bright (I'll shine so bright), when you look up at me you will understand we, were meant to be

You've drawn me to you mind, body and soul, and what we've got ohhh will never grow old, in my quiet time I feel, feel you wanting me so I let it be, I'll let it be, let it be

I am your star for life, entertaining for you and I'm willing to do anythang you want to, baby I'll shine so bright (I'll shine so bright), when you look up at me you will understand we, were meant to be

I am your star for life, entertaining for you and I'm willing to do anythang you want to, baby I'll shine so bright (I'll shine so bright), when you look up at me you will understand we, were meant to be

Happy days, are here again, 'cause it look like I've been blessed, I've been blessed with my best friend, to have and to hold you, for the rest of my life, so I gotta give in, I give in to what feels right
I am your star for life, entertaining for you and I'm willing to do anythang you want to, baby I'll shine so bright (I'll shine so bright), when you look up at me you will understand we, were meant to be

I am your star for life, entertaining for you and I'm willing to do anythang you want to, baby I'll shine so bright (I'll shine so bright), when you look up at me you will understand we, were meant to be

I am your star for life, entertaining for you and I'm willing to do anythang you want to, baby I'll shine so bright (I'll shine so bright), when you look up at me you will understand we, were meant to be

[Intro]
No Ceilings
Mannie Fresh on the beat
Fuck them foes up

[Verse]
Tell my bitches it’s show time, tell my niggas it’s go time
Sipping lean, I’m on a slow time, choking off the weed like it’s a bowtie
Shoot your ass up in no time, and all my shooters gon’ cosign
And all you haters get paid no mind, money talks, I told it speak your mind
All my niggas for-lifers, and all my bitches one-nighters
And all my hoes curvaceous, and all their clothes are enticing
None of my bitches got prices, none of my niggas got licenses
I’m on my 56 Nights shit, I fuck with that Future like psychics
I’m in the suite eating snow crab, I’m in the street like the dope man
We do drive-bys in Mopeds, smoke strong like Popeye, Conan
I beat the pussy up, I just throat jab, I got her legs in the air, that’s a toe grab
I make the bitch call me Macho Man, I’m sipping on lean bumping Slow Jamz, hey
Tell my niggas it’s show time, tell my niggas it’s show time
Sipping lean, I’m on a slow time, choking off the weed like it’s a bowtie
Lights, camera, action, got a nice tasty fashion
Got some nice tasting bitches, and I like tasting bitches
And I like taking money, I don’t like taking pictures
But I like naked pictures, I saw your wife’s naked pictures
I saw your homies with the cops, and I don’t like snakes and snitches
You know it’s lonely at the top, it’s just me, kites, planes, and pigeons (hi neighbor)
It’s just me, life, rags, and riches, I didn’t have a pot or pan to piss in
Now I’m like Ice Man, I’m chilling, laying on white sand, she sniffing
Laying on satin sheets, I’m comfy, I came from the backstreets, that’s bumpy
Now I’m like Wall Street with money, and bitch don’t call me for nothing with your broke ass
Tell my niggas it’s show time, tell my bitches it’s show time
Sipping lean, I’m on a slow time, choking off the weed like it’s a bowtie
Lights, camera, action, lights, camera, action
My bitch like the camera action, just like Pamela Anderson, ohh
I tell my bitches it’s show time, I tell my niggas it’s show time
And all my niggas gon’ throw signs, we gangbanging nigga, fuck your side
Lights, camera, action, lights, camera, action
I’m the main attraction, my bitch sexy and attractive
My bitch sexy and attractive, fancy, flexible, elastic
We have sex while we in traffic, we have sex then re-enact it
She take X and she do acid, she took X amount of classes
My bitch classy and she ratchet, sassy and nasty, and romantic
My bitch sexy and attractive, she'll collect the 

[?]
And she healthy and she sweet, I eat it like vegetables and candy
My bitch sexy and she crafty, my bitch sexy wearing glasses
My bitch sexy wearing khakis, my bitch never wearing panties, no
Tell my bitches it’s show time, tell my niggas it’s show time
Tell them niggas we lit, lit like the Apollo sign
Getting money and getting so high, Versace shades, that’s 4 eyes
She suck the dick till her throat tired, I fuck the bitch till we both tired
My bitch look like Kiki Shepard, your bitch look like a German Shepard
Got 2 hoes with me, salt and pepper, and you can’t have salt without pepper
Took them to my spot like a leopard, I fucked them soon as they stepped in
Your niggas ain’t goons, they yes men, these niggas ain’t Tune, I’m special, lord
I told my niggas it’s show time, and we ain’t finished, we need more time
I just want some ass and a blowjob, my bitch want an ass and a nose job
I spent some bands on a bowtie, I give her bands, tell her “go shopping”
I need my check from my old job, I need my check from my old job
Watch out lil bitch or get clotheslined, I say “take off your clothes,” she say “sure, fine”
They say my mind is a goldmine, I say “no shit,” I say “no lie”
I’m on my shit, in control slime, I’m on my shit, I control mine
I told my bitches it’s show time, I told my niggas it’s show time
Lights, camera, action, lights, camera, action
I’m the main attraction, my bitch sexy and attractive
My bitch sexy and attractive, my bitch sexy and attractive
She say I’m sexy and I’m handsome, I got a Jet Ski and a Phantom
I got a condo and a mansion, I got a main hoe and companion
I got a plain hoe and a dancer, I got a lame hoe and a fast one
Imma finesse and pull a fast one, I got connects from here to NASA
Got a direct line on Jigga, but I don’t text or harass him
But when I do holler at him, it ain’t never about you rappers
Cuz y’all just rap about shit you never did and shit that’s never about to happen
And I’m so tired of these lil dudes, excuse me if I start napping
And then my 3 wishes was granted and that was lights, camera, action, I’m gone

[Outro]
Lights, camera, action
Lights, camera, action
No Ceilings
Mula baby

[Intro]
Oooh...
I'm the only woman you need

[Chorus]
I'm the only woman you need
Only one you need, take heed
Don't be a fool like your daddy
If you wanna be happy (Don't you be a fool)
I'm the only woman you need
All you have to do is trust me
Never have to be sad again
'Cause I'll always be your friend

[Verse 1]
I gave my heart to you
What more can I do
To show you how much I care?
About you and all the little things you do
But see, all I ask is that you make me feel like
I'm somebody
All day, all day, every day, give your lovin' away
Whoa...
Baby, can't you see
If we should part
That all my days of loving you
You know they weren't that hard
That's why I'm saying I gotta be strong

[Chorus]
I'm the only woman you need
Only one you need, take heed
Don't be a fool like your daddy
If you wanna be happy
I'm the only woman you need
All you have to do is trust me
Never have to be sad again
'Cause I'll always be your friend

[Verse 2]
I know that I was wrong
For all that carryin' on
But are you gonna hold this against me for life?
You know all I wanted to do is be your wife
And make you happy, yeah

[Chorus]
I'm the only woman you need
Only one you need, take heed (I'm the only one)
Don't be a fool like your daddy
If you wanna be happy
I'm the only woman you need
All you have to do is trust me (I'm the only woman, baby)
Never have to be sad again
'Cause I'll always be your friend

[Bridge]
If you really don't want me (Want me)
I wish you'd let me know
And I will go so far away
I cannot stay
If you don't want me to, I can
Be a fool for you no more (I don't think so)
You see, I tried
Tried to please you
The best way I know how
And I never deceived you
If only we could trust each other
Stop thinking foolish things
I don't want another lover, so I...

[Chorus]
I'm the only woman you need
Only one you need, take heed (I got to be strong)
Don't be a fool like your daddy
If you wanna be happy
I'm the only woman you need
All you have to do is trust me
Never have to be sad again
'Cause I'll always be your friend
I'm the only woman you need
Only one you need, take heed
Don't be a fool like your daddy
If you wanna be happy (Don't you be a fool)
I'm the only woman you need
All you have to do is trust me
Never have to be sad again
'Cause I'll always be your friend

[Intro]
Oh no
So beautiful, so beautiful

[Verse 1]
I'd give my flesh for yours
I'd sacrifice everything
You are my door to a new beginning
A lucky charm, potato pie
So sweet you make me cry
I can't deny
The way you make me feel inside, oh

[Chorus]
You are a beautiful one (Yes you are)
And I long to hold (I long to hold)
You until the sun
Goes down on your soul

[Verse 2]
Have mercy on me
I'm crazy 'bout you
Looking all ethereal
Lips make me through
You are my song when there's no music to play
Oh, I wanna marry someone like you someday

[Chorus]
You are a beautiful one
And I long to hold
(I long to hold you, I long to hold you)
You until the sun
Goes down on your soul

[Bridge]
Sun goes down on your face, baby
Oh, beautiful one
Don't you ever go, don't you ever go
Don't you ever go, don't you ever go
Don't you ever go, don't you ever go

Can't you hear the bell's ringing?
Doves flying in the air
With this ring I promise to always be right there
Through the good and the bad times
Forever yours, I will remain
With your love, baby, in my life
You know we can stop the rain, yeah

[Chorus]
You are a beautiful one
And I long to hold (I long to hold you)
You until the sun (Until the sun goes down)
Goes down on your soul
Oh beautiful one
Don't you ever go, don't you go
Don't you leave me, don't you leave, don't you go
You are a beautiful one (My, my, my beautiful one)
And I long to hold (Don't you leave, don't you leave)
You until the sun (Don't leave me alone)
Goes down on your soul (Won't you stay)

[Bridge]
Won't you stay with me, baby
Oh, baby, yeah
Don't you, don't you, don't don't don't
Don't, don't you leave

[Chorus]
You are a beautiful one
And I long to hold
(You are a beautiful one and I need you)
You until the sun
Goes down on your soul

[Outro]
Oh, beautiful one
Don't leave me
Oh, I put to much time into loving you
Don't you ever go, don't you ever go
Wanna see you at the altar, baby
Need you, baby, need you, baby
Need you, baby
You are my love, you are my diamond
You are my flower, you are my life, baby
You are everything, you are everything to me, yeah
Oh, beautiful one, don't you ever go
Don't you ever go, don't you ever go
I need you, baby
Ooh, don't go, so beautiful
You, you you you you you you
You, you you you you, oh...

[Spoken Intro]
See, today I'm havin' one of yhem days where
I just don't eanna be bothered
But it seems like you can't understand that
Because it's your way or no way
But check this out, it's my way today
And I'm really, really sick and tired
Of you steppin' into my little box
When I just don't wanna be bothered, OK?
So check this out

[Verse 1]
I've had my way
And I've had my share of ups and down
I've been in trouble
And I couldn't tell my ups from downs
I've been your baby
And I don't know why it don't seem like that no more
Welcome to this new definition of love

[Chorus]
It ain't all roses
Hey, flowers and posin'
Hey, said it ain't all candy
Hey, this love stuff is demanding
Hey, said it ain't all roses
Hey, flowers and posin'
Hey, said it ain't all candy
Hey, this love stuff is demanding
Hey, sometimes I need a hug

[Interlude]
See, you, you just, you just wanna
Really, really, really push all my buttons
'Cause you Mr. Right and I'm Mrs. Wrong
But right now today I feel like I'm
I'm the one gon' sing this song
I'ma be Mrs. Right today
It's my way or the highway
But with you, there's just no gettin' around that
I got to be bumpin' heads with you
What's up with that?
Listen, see

[Verse 2]
I love my man
And I know my place, I know my worth
And I just can't stand
To see myself as I hurt
It's been a long time
And I think that I can get a little more love from you
I know some of y'all go through it to 'cause

[Chorus]
It ain't all roses
Hey, flowers and posin'
Hey, said it ain't all candy
Hey, this love stuff is demanding
Hey, said it ain't all roses
Hey, flowers and posin'
Hey, said it ain't all candy
Hey, this love stuff is demanding
Sometimes I need a hug

[Interlude]
Sometimes I just wish you just put your arms around me
When I'm feelin' so, so, so very needy
But instead you just turn your back
And say, "Suck it up!"
Oh, you don't know how I'm feelin' right now
If you knew how I feel on the inside
You wouldn't say suck it up
Now what the...cause'

[Chorus]
It ain't all roses
Hey, flowers and posin'
Hey, said it ain't all candy
Hey, this love stuff is demanding
Hey, said it ain't all roses (Ain't all roses)
Hey, flowers and posin' (Flowers and posin')
Hey, said it ain't all candy
Hey, this love stuff is demanding
Sometimes I need a hug

[Outro]
It ain't all roses, you know?
Everybody ask me how good it is
It's great, love is great
But when you just a mess yourself
It ain't gon' be all roses
'Cause you just want your time
You wanna be selfish
You know, you don't want nobody messin' with you
You just wanna rip somebody head off
When they step to you with
"Oh you need some help. Oh, you need to figure it out"
You figure it out!
You figure it out!
You go figure it out!
You suck it up!
Hahaha
Bend your back like that
Bend your back like that
Bend your back like that
Bend your back like that
Bend your back like that
Get up, little crazy like that
Bend your back like that
Bend your back like that

I should bring on the form of retro back track just like a punk flunks (?)
A zig-a-za,w zig-a-zaw, zig-a-zaw
You feel me now, feel me now, feel me now
Pulsating move the boom-bip orthodox hip-hop we move the new shit
I sing y'a sound, sing y'a sound, sing y'a sound
So hear me now, hear me now, hear me now

(Chorus)
Break it down to the bone
Give it to me 'till it's gone
Ain't nothing wrong, it's ok
You make me feel that special way
Cause this DJ, he gets down
Mixing records while they go
Round and round and away we go (o-ooo) (we got it)
If you going crazy we know the way to go (o-ooo) (we got it)
Everybody if you ready lemme hear you now (o-ooo) (you got it)
Bend your back like that
Get up, lil crazy like that
Bend your back like that (2x)
Ready on the steady state
Navigate to stimulate
Never let on production
Elevate your destruction
Function with the verso now
Skip (?) 50 sounds
(?) to the top
Get the bottle I'ma hop
Bigger than your (?)
Heart is beating now faster
Master of ceremony
When they try to H.O.E (?)
O to the I to the I to the G (?)
I to the N to the allergy (?)
If it gets (?) you say its originality

(Chorus)
Jump back jump inside B.E.P music
Shake what your momma gave you through the music
If you abuse it we'll stop the music
If this the bomb no need to diffuse it
Let us demonstrate the real co-ordination
When we improvise get you timing sensation
(??) motivation
Musically we in touch with our creation

[Intro]
Baby, don't go
Baby, don't go
Baby, don't go

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
Don't go, don't go
(Don't go)
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
I love you so
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
Don't go, don't go
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
I love you so

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
I've been hurt before, stayed around for a while
Let's work it out
Let's try to make it happen
Don't do the things that other guys did to hurt me
They made me cry
Break my heart, oh why?

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I know you're a busy man
But you don't understand
How it feels to be alone
When times get hard and
I want to feel your
Sweet and tender touch
That's all I'm asking, baby
'Cause I never asked for much
Oh, ohhh

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
Don't go, don't go (No)
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
I love you so (I love you so)
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
Don't go, don't go
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
I love you so

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
This may be a fantasy
That I dream of, baby
Time and time again
I knew that we would be more than friends
I gave you my heart
And all of my time
But now you're actin' shady
Is it all in my mind?

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I know you're a busy man
Ay, but you don't understand
How it feels to be alone
When times get hard and
I want to feel your
Sweet and tender touch
That's all I'm asking baby
'Cause I never asked for much
Oh, ohhh

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
Don't go, don't go
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
I love you so
(Don't leave me, don't leave me, don't leave me, don't leave)
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
(Don't leave me)
Don't go, don't go
(Don't you ever go nowhere)
Don't leave me, leave me, leave me
I love you so

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
Don't leave, don't leave
Don't leave me alone
I wanna be with you
Oh, oh, oh, mmm, yeah oh oh oh
I wanna be with you
Yes I do, yes I do

[Outro: Mary J. Blige & Faith Evans]
You've got my heart, boy (You've got my heart)
You are the only one (Oh, you're the only one)
If I can't be with you (If I can't be)
I don't know what to do (I don't know what to do)
You've got my heart, boy (You've got my heart)
You are the only one (You're the only one)
If I can't be with you (Oh no no)
I don't know what to do
You've got my heart
You've got my heart
You've got my heart
You've got my heart
I wanna be, your everything, oh
Mary, Mary, Mary
Mary, did you know
That your baby boy would one day walk on water?
Mary, did you know
That your baby boy would save our sons and daughters?
Did you know
That your baby boy has come to make you new?
This Child that you delivered will soon deliver you
Mary, did you know
That your baby boy would give sight to a blind man?
Mary, did you know
That your baby boy would calm the storm with His hand?
Did you know
That your baby boy would walked where angels trod?
When you kiss your little baby you know you kissed the face of God?
Mary did you know
Oh oh woah woah ooo
The blind will see
The deaf will hear
The dead will live again
The lame will leap
The dumb will speak
The praises of the Lamb
Mary, did you know
That your baby boy is Lord of all creation?
Mary, did you know
That your baby boy would one day rule the nations?
Did you know
That your baby boy is heaven's perfect Lamb?
The sleeping Child you're holding is the Great, the Great, I Am
Oh Mary, Mary, Mary, did you know?

[Intro]
It's not all about the money
(It's not all about the money)
'Cause I love what I'm doing for the people
(I really love doing my job, I really do)
Don't know were I would be if this didn't happen
(You know...)
But I finally made it

[Spoken]
A lot of us don't graduate from high school
A lot us don't get a chance at being a superstar
A lot us don't get a chance
To fulfill our dreams and I'm thinking like God! If I wasn't doing this what would I be doing? Probably like braiding hair
Working at a supermarket
You know, just hustling two jobs, you know what I mean?
At least trying to do the right thing
(La, la, la, la)
I lost so much, you know?
I lost so, so much over the years
But, like, it's amazing how when you decide that you wanna do, do the right thing
And when I say I "finally made it," like, I don't mean I made it successfully with money
I mean like...
I'm spiritually successful right now, like, I'm on the right track
(Never give up, never give up, never, never give up, never give up, never give up)
I'm on my way to like
(Never give up, never give up, never, never give up, never give up, never give up)
A place where I, you know
I never dreamed I'd be and that's perfection
I'm striving for that
I don't think no one can ever be perfect, but I'm striving to be that
(Never give up, never give up, never, never give up, never give up, never give up)
So what I'm saying to all my fans is
If I can do it, I know y'all can do it, too

[Verse 1]
Maybe it'll rain today
And I won't have to leave my room
Giving me the time
I need to get rid of your things
Enough procrastinating
For reasons that only I know
But I'm afraid to ask the mirror
The answers may sting

[Chorus]
Ooh, and the smoke in my eyes
It hard not to cry
Why you gone?
The reason is supposed to make sense
But it don't

[Post-Chorus]
Give me something
To spark the flame
Take away the pain
Take it away
I can feel the heat on my face

[Verse 2]
Ooh, holding on isn't healthy
But it's killin' me to let go
Trying to stare at your picture
But I can't see it for all this smoke
Mmm, not for all the smoke
Ooh

[Chorus]
Ooh, and the smoke in my eyes
Makes it hard not to cry
Why you gone?
The reason is supposed to make sense
But it don't
But it don't
It don't
It don't
Oh, it don't

[Bridge]
Maybe it'll rain today
And I won't have to leave my room
Giving me the time to
Get rid of some of your things

[Chorus]
And the smoke in my eyes
Makes it hard not to cry
Why you gone?
The reason is supposed to make sense
But it don't

[Outro]
Give me something to spark the flame
Take away the pain
Take it away (Oh, be so beautiful)
I can feel the heat on my face
(It would be so beautiful)
Give me something to spark the flame
Take away the pain
Take it away (So beautiful)
I can feel the heat on my face (Oh oh oh)
Give me something to spark the flame
Take away the pain
Take it away
I can feel the heat on my face

[Verse 1]
I'm not in love
It's just some kind of thing I'm going through
Going through, going through
And it's not infatuation
Ain't nothing going on 'tween me and you
Me and you, me and you

[Pre-Chorus]
But I dream about it every night, baby
Wanting you here with me
Making love to me
And oh...

[Chorus]
I'm missing you like crazy
Body and soul is aching
I'm out of control
Missing you so
I'm missing you
Missing you
Missing you, oh
I'm missing you
I'm missing you
Missing you

[Verse 2]
I'm not in love
And that's what I just keep telling myself
Over and over again
And I'm not the least bit amused by you, baby
Yet still I just don't wanna be with nobody else
No, no, no

[Pre-Chorus]
And I dream about you all the time
Touching and kissing me
And making love to me, and oh

[Chorus]
I'm missing you like crazy
(I miss you like crazy)
Body and soul is aching
I'm out of control
Missing you so
Oh, I am missing you so

[Bridge]
God knows I'm trying to keep out of my head
I ain't trying, no no no
I ain't trying to get hurt again, no
But there's something that just gets in my skin
And all I know is I can't let go
And that's the way it is, oh

[Chorus]
I'm missing you like crazy
(I'm missing you like crazy)
Body and soul is aching
I'm out of control
Missing you so
Oh, I...
Missing you
Trying to go somewhere
Missing you
Missing you
I'm missing you
Oh, oh
Missing you
I'm missing you, oh, oh

[Intro]
You know sometimes
There come a time in your life when
You love something, you have to let it go
And even though you might feel there's still something there
You have to wake up
Stop living in a dream 'cause it's over now
You gotta think about you

[Verse 1]
I have always wondered why
Why I can't live without you, babe
And I'm longing to be your lady
I understand that you are leaving
Please don't leave here without me, babe
'Cause I think I might go insane

[Chorus]
Cause everybody needs someone to love
And I know that it's true
And I know that it's you
I don't understand why you can't be my man
So I better wake up
And stop living in a dream
Yes, I better wake up
'Cause I can't lose the love I never had
Yeah, I better wake up
As painful as it seems
Yes, I better wake up
I cannot lose the love I never had

[Verse 2]
Every time I close my eyes
I see visions of you and I
Sharing love of a special kind
I got to laugh to keep from crying, yeah
To hide all the pain inside
'Cause I can't get you off my mind

[Chorus]
'Cause everybody needs someone to love
And I know that it's true
And I know that it's you
I don't understand why you can't be my man
So I better wake up
And stop living in a dream
Yes, I better wake up
'Cause I can't lose the love I never had
Yeah, I better wake up
As painful as it seems
Yes, I better wake up
I cannot lose the love I never had

[Bridge]
Oh, it made me realize
I don't want to live apart
But you don't know how hard I tried
What do I have to lose?
Oh, I think a little bit more than you
And I doubt that you will see things clearly before it's too late

[Chorus]
'Cause everybody needs someone to love
And I know that it's true
And I know that it's you
I don't understand why you can't be my man
I guess I better wake up
And stop living in a dream
Yes, I gotta wake up
'Cause I can't lose the love I never had
Yeah, I better wake up
As painful as it seems
Yes, I better wake up
I can't lose the love I never had

I never had, never had, never had
Break it down, break it down

[Outro]
All the times I've cried
It made me realize
That I was only living a lie
But you don't know how hard I tried
To make sure you were satisfied, yeah
'Cause I thought you were only mine
And I doubt if you will see things clearly
Before it's too late, too late, too late
I don't understand why you can't be my man
Oh, everybody needs somebody to love
Everybody needs somebody, yeah
Baby, baby, baby, I can't live with you
And I doubt that you will see things clearly
Before it's too late, yeah
Oh, you hurt me so, you hurt me so
I can't lose, I can't lose
I cannot lose, I cannot lose
I can't lose the love I never had

[Verse 1]
It's gonna be a long long journey
It's gonna be an uphill climb
It's gonna be a tough fight
There's gonna be some lonely nights
But I'm ready to carry on

[Pre-Chorus]
I’m so glad the worst is over
('Cause it almost took me out)
I can start living now
Ooh, I feel like I can do anything
And finally I'm not afraid to breathe

[Chorus]
Anything you say to me
And everything you do
You can’t deny the truth
'Cause I’m the living proof
So many don’t survive
They just don’t make it through
But look at me, oh
I’m the living proof
Oh, yes I am

[Verse 2]
Thinkin' 'bout life's been painful
(Yes it was)
Took awhile to learn how to smile
So now I’m gonna talk to my people, oh oh
About the storm, oh
About the storm, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
So glad the worst is over
('Cause it's all beneath me now)
I can start flying now, oh ho
My best days are right in front of me
Yet I’m almost there
'Cause now I’m free, oh

[Chorus]
Anything you say to me
And everything you do
You can’t deny the truth
'Cause I’m the living proof
So many don’t survive
They just don’t make it through
But look at me, oh
I’m the living proof

[Bridge]
I know where I’m going, hey
'Cause I know where I’ve been, oh oh
I got a few stars that's showin', hey
I’ma stay strong, keep going
That’s the way that I’ll win

[Chorus]
Anything you say to me
And everything you do
(Everything you do)
You can’t deny the truth
'Cause I'm the living proof
So many don’t survive
They just don’t make it through
But look at me, yeah yeah
I’m the living proof

[Outro]
Nothing ‘bout my life’s been easy, no
But nothing’s gonna keep me down, no, down, no
'Cause I know a lot more today
Than I knew yesterday
So I’m ready to carry on
Oh Lordy, mmm

[Chorus]
Me and you will go flying away
I'm gon' take you little higher
We'll go flying away
Where the sun is wet and the rainbow's fly
Flying away
Onto another star
Where our minds and our hearts will find a way

[Verse 1]
Baby, here's your only chance
Call me your sunshine
On a rainy day, love is on the way
Don't you worry 'bout nothing at all
If you really need a friend, it's me you could call
I won't bring you down
We'll fly high above the ground
And me and you

[Chorus]
Me and you will go flying away (We'll go flying away)
I'm gon' take you little higher
We'll go flying away (I'm gonna take you a little higher)
Where the sun is wet and the rainbow's fire
Flying away (Where the sun is wet and the rainbow)
Onto another star
Where our minds and our hearts will find a way

[Verse 2]
Ooh, everything you're dreaming of
You can always find it
Inside me there's love
I won't push and shove
I'll be so gentle with your feelings you'll see
That you really need a woman and the woman is me
I won't play no games
I will always stay the same
Let's go higher, baby

[Chorus]
Me and you will go flying away
I'm gon' take you little higher
We'll go flying away (We'll go, we'll go, we'll go)
Where the sun is wet and the rainbow's fire
Flying away (Where the sun is wet and the rainbow is fire)
Onto another star
Where our minds and our hearts will find a way

[Bridge]
I know (I know)
That you feel so good (You feel so good)
Up above the sea, and you and me
So we'll go
We'll climb and we'll climb
And we're gonna get so high
'Til we reach the stars
Finally get to Mars
We'll go higher, babe
Yes, we would, yes, we would
We'll go higher, higher, baby
Let's go higher, higher, higher, baby
I wanna go higher and higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher
Me and you, me and you

[Chorus]
Me and you will go flying away
I'm gon' take you little higher
We'll go flying away
Where the sun is wet and the rainbow's fire
Flying away
Onto another star (To another star)
Where our minds and our hearts will find a way
Me and you will go flying away (We're going, we're going, we'll go flying away)
I'm gon' take you little higher
We'll go flying away (We're going, we're going, we're going, we'll go flying away)
Where the sun is wet and the rainbow's fire (We're going, we're going, we're going, oh)
Flying away
Onto another star
Where our minds and our hearts will find a way
Me and you will go flying away
I'm gon' take you little higher
We'll go flying away
Where the sun is wet and the rainbow's fire
Flying away (We'll go, we'll go)
Onto another star (Climaxing, climaxing, climaxing)
Where our minds and our hearts will find a way
Me and you will go flying away (Oh, we'll go flying, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah)
I'm gon' take you little higher
We'll go flying away
Where the sun is wet and the rainbow's fire
Flying away (Where the sun is wet, it's always wet right here, right here)
Onto another star (And I know that I, I, I need to go climaxing with you)
Where our minds and our hearts will find a way

[Verse 1]
The problem is for many years
I've lived my life publicly
So it's hard for me to find a man I trust
I really trust
And every time I find someone I like, gotta worry about
If it's really me that they see
And I thought you were the one, ohhhh...

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Verse 2]
I don't have a lot of friends
And sometimes I have to wonder
Is it cash they see when they look at me?
'Cause they're lookin' for a ride that's free
So I made the choice to be
Good to those who are good to me
Don't judge me or think I'm bitter
For the evil does allow me to see I'm just Mary

[Refrain]
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I'm just Mary, can't you see that I, I...)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I said, I said I'm just Mary)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
(I wish that they can see that I'm Mary, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Every day of my life I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(And I wish, I wish, I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Bridge]
The car i drive, the clothes i wear
The diamonds, the furs, and the house
Don't make the woman
Material things don't mean nothing to me
So, I need someone to stand by me and supply my needs
And I'm just plain ol' Mary
Why can't you love the person inside, and stop lookin' outside

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(I said that I'm just Mary)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Said I wish, and I wish, and I wish, and I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary (MJB, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that you could see

If I could give you something else
But I can't give you nothing but me all day and all night (Mary)
I'm just Mary, Mary, Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(It can't be the clothes or the car I drive, 'cause I...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(See the problem is, for many years, I've lived my life publicly...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Intro: Young Thug]
(Wheezy Beats)
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
YSL, uh

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Pussy niggas actin' like they never had shit
All these bitches actin' like they never had shit
I got a bad bitch, she said she always had shit
All these flawless diamonds, got it lookin' glassy
Catch that nigga slippin', I'ma do 'em nasty
Check out my attire, this expensive fabric
And we can wrestle just like Randy Savage
My jewelry as cold as an attic
The kushy that I smoke'll blow your lungs out
I'ma walk in, I clutch it like it's a war house
All your bitches that bust it, they live in your house
What goes up come down, my nigga, north, south
I done ran up them M's without a tour now
She done stepped up her game, Christian couture now
These niggas thought that they knew it, but they don't know now
I swear to God they pursuin' at all my shows now

[Verse 1: Young Thug]
Ayy, hopped out my 'Vette and hopped right in a foreign, ayy (Skrrt)
Bitch, don't get close, this a motherfuckin' warning, ayy (Warnin' you)
Suck that dick good, I'm the motherfuckin' warden, ayy (Suck it up, suck it up)
She runnin' away from my weed like it farted (Woah, woah, woah)
She don't wan' swallow, so I put it on her neck (What?)
I beat that pussy up, she loud as a parade (Bitch)
I got one million, but only ten in the bank (Racks)
I taste a sample, I only buy if it's dank (Kushy)
I cook fishscale and sang to her same time like Tank (What?)
I was born in '91, twenty-three years old with a whole lotta stain (Five-star motherfucker)
Baby, can you feel my pain? (Yeah)
All my diamonds need to be drained (What?)
I got a gangster bitch that's gon' bang (And)
I got racks up, I can't complain (And)
All my dogs, they dirty, check for mange  (And)
All I gotta do is reserve your brains (And)
I'm a gangster, my nuts, they gon' hang (And)
Who said you was straight? Boy, you need to be retained (Oh, woah, woah, ayy)

[Chorus: Young Thug & Young Dolph]
Pussy niggas actin' like they never had shit (Ayy)
All these bitches actin' like they never had shit (Yup)
I got a bad bitch, she said she always had shit (What?)
All these flawless diamonds, got it lookin' glassy (What? Damn)
Catch that nigga slippin', I'ma do 'em nasty (What? Ayy)
Check out my attire, this expensive fabric (Ayy, ayy)
And we can wrestle just like Randy Savage (Ooh, ayy)
My jewelry as cold as an attic
The kushy that I smoke'll blow your lungs out (Yup)
I'ma walk in, I clutch it like it's a war house (Haha, what?)
All your bitches that bust it, they live in your house (What?)
What goes up come down, my nigga, north, south (What?)
I done ran up them M's without a tour now (Run it up)
She done stepped up her game, Christian couture now (Uh-huh, what? Haha)
These niggas thought that they knew it, but they don't know now (It's Dolph)
I swear to God they pursuin' at all my shows now (Thugger Thugger, ayy)

[Verse 2: Young Dolph]
Took the Rollie off, put that Breitling back on (Yup)
Walk in the room and I cut the lights on
Why you spendin' like that? 'Cause I ain't never had shit
This that real nigga Paper Route, YSL shit
Never loved a bitch, but I love money (Damn)
In the church payin' my tithes with drug money (Thank you, God)
Went and got a new plug, got mama a new house (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
And a couple new coupes, that's how a young nigga live
Couple bitches, good weed, that's how a nigga chill
Top floor, penthouse, still crackin' seals (Mud)
Them Houston niggas be like, "That young nigga trill"
Them New York niggas say that young nigga ill (It's Dolph)
My mama always told me dress to kill, ayy (Hah)
My uncle always told me pack the steel, ayy (What?)
That nigga Thugger, that's my motherfuckin' brother (Yup, yup)
From a motherfuckin' 'nother, I'ma show you how to make magic (Ayy)
The fuck is you mad at?
Got your bitch dancin' all in my spot with no panties
I said, "Bitch where your motherfuckin' man at?" (Where he at?)
Fuck that, where your friends at? Damn that (Fuck 'em)
Sold fifty P's, hold it, have to bag it (Ooh-ooh)
That little bitch you lovin' on, I been had it (Ayy, hahaha)
Pull up in that new drop, that thang nasty (Ayy, ayy, hey)
Mama call all my big booty bitches trashy (Damn)

[Chorus: Young Thug]
Pussy niggas actin' like they never had shit
All these bitches actin' like they never had shit
I got a bad bitch, she said she always had shit
All these flawless diamonds, got it lookin' glassy
Catch that nigga slippin', I'ma do 'em nasty
Check out my attire, this expensive fabric
And we can wrestle just like Randy Savage
My jewelry as cold as an attic
The kushy that I smoke'll blow your lungs out
I'ma walk in, I clutch it like it's a war house
All your bitches that bust it, they live in your house
What goes up come down, my nigga, north, south
I done ran up them M's without a tour now
She done stepped up her game, Christian couture now
These niggas thought that they knew it, but they don't know now
I swear to God they pursuin' at all my shows now

[Hook]
Express yourself!
Girl let it all hang out!
Just do your thang!
Nothin' to worry about!

[Verse 1: Will.i.am]
Let's do it (let's do it)
What do you think to try? (to try)
Drop down your lane and go! (weeerrr)
Go where you please no limits
There are no limits for your infinite
We break it through the boundaries
If you wanna be anything better be free
Like number 7 on the first LP
Yeah I thought I told you that the Peas don't stop...

Though, we keep it UVE though folks
May not get it the first time around
I stick to my sound cuz I'm gonna remain
An individual like a single lane
And be a leader like the first one who came
I put the flag down, don't put your head down
Ladies and gents cuz you could do the same

[Hook]
Express yourself!
Girl let it all hang out!
Just do your thang
Ain't nothin' to worry about!
(You got to…)
Express yourself!
Girl let it all hang out!
Just do your thang!
Ain't nothin' to worry about!

[Bridge]
Do the real thang girl!
Do what you want want want want (do the hot thang)
Do the real thang girl
Do what you want want want want (sexy thang!)
Do the real thang girl!
Do what you want want want want (do the hot thang!)
Do the real thang girl!
Girl, do whatcha want want want want want want!

[Verse 2: apl.de.ap]
All my ladies just move your body
To the sound of deliberate, parties
And if you wanna party just pump the party!
The filipino-black man from p.e pan!
And hit you with a (sigh) that makes you wanna (ohh)
Don't hold it back show and prove!
C'mon just let it all hang out in a groove (ahhh ahhh)
The Peas gonna get you in the mood
(and you know that!)
Man, it's gon' be fat
Sound gonna hit ya like a hot contact
Let yourself go and and show em' where ya at
Do what you want and don't hold back
So girl, do whatever you wanna do
Don't, let nobody else stop you
Do whatever you wanna do (do now) and just…

[Hook]
Express yourself
Girl let it all hang out
Just do your thang
Ain't nothin to worry about!(You got to…)
Express yourself
Girl let it all hang out
Just do your thang
Ain't nothin to worry about

[Bridge]
Do the real thang
Girl do whatcha want want want want! the real thang! (hot thang!)
Do the real thang girl! do whatcha want want want want!
The real thang! (sexy thang!)
Do the real thang girl!
Do whatcha want want want want! the real thang! (hot thang!)
Do the real thang girl
Do whatcha want want want want want want want want!
Ohhhhhhhh!!!!

[Verse 3: Taboo]
This is it, gatta keep it movin don't stop!
Once ya get movin' don't quit!
Next thang you know youre on top!
So hop to the rythym that we drop!
Get lose and express whatcha got!
At least give yourself a shot!
Hey never give up and (give me whatcha got!)
I like to let the people know
Exactly what we came to show!
That you could be original!
And be your own individual! and...

[Hook]
Express yourself!
Girl let it all hang out!
Just do your thang
Ain't nothin tu worry about!
Express yourself!
Girl let it all hang out!
Just do your thang
Ain't nothin to worry about!
Express yourself
Girl let it all hang out!
Just do your thang
Ain't nothin to worry about!
Oaria raio
Oba Oba Oba
Oaria raio
Oba Oba Oba

Mas que nada
Black Eyed Peas came to make it hotter
We be the party starters
Bubblin' up just like lava
Like lava heated like a sauna
Penetrating through your body armor
Rhythmically we massage ya
With hip hop mixed up with samba
With samba so yes yes y'all
You know we never stop
We never rest y'all
The black eyed peas are keeping it funky fresh y'all
And we won't stop until we get y'all, til we get y'all sayin'

Oaria raio
Oba Oba Oba
Oaria raio
Oba Oba Oba
Peter piper picked peppers but Tab rocked ryhmes
1,2,3 for several times
Heavy rotation played by every kind
Radio stations blastin' every mind
We crossing boundaries like everyday
To rock ya robbie bobbie beamer on the bay
We got we got tab magnification tab magnified
Like every day

So yes yes y'all
You know we never stop we never rest y'all y'all
The black eyed peas will keep it funky fresh y'all
And we won't stop until we get y'all, til we get y'all sayin

Oaria raio
Oba Oba Oba (lalalalala)
Oaria raio
Oba Oba Oba

Drop hot hot be my daily operation
Got to put it work in this crazy occupation
Gotta keep it movin' that's the motivation
Gotta ride the waves and keep a tight relation
With my team keeping moving and doing it right
I've been in a lab every day til daylight
That's the way things move in this monkey business
We took a old samba song and remixed it
Mas que nada
Sai da minha frente
Eu quero passar
Pois o samba esta animado
O que eu quero e sambar
Este samba
Que e misto de maracatu
E samba de preto velho
Samba de preto tu

Mas que nada, we gonna make you feel lil hotter
The peas and Sergio Mendes heating up sambaaaa
Bada, bada, bada, baaaaaa
Sergio play your piano sergio play your yo yo yo yo piano (echoing)

Check it out

Oari rai
Ob Ob Ob (lalalalala)
Oari rai
Ob Ob Ob (lalalalala)

Oari rai
Ob Ob Ob

Este samba
Que e misto de maracatu
E samba de preto velho
Samba de preto tu
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people, right on
Say you want a revolution
We better get on right away
Well you get on your feet
And out on the street

Singing power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people, right on

A million workers working for nothing
You better give 'em what they really own
We got to put you down
When we come into town
Singing power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people, right on

I gotta ask you comrades and brothers
How do you treat you own woman back home
She got to be herself
So she can free herself

Singing power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people, right on
Now, now, now, now

Oh well, power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people, right on

Yeah, power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people, right on
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people
Power to the people, right on

[Intro: Diddy]
Come on, let's go
Mary J., Bad Boy, collaboration
Yeah, and we won't stop, let's go

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
Baby, don't, don't go
You know I need you so
Sometimes my pride gets in the way
I say things that I don't mean when I think your hurting me
I love you more and more each day, each day

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige & (Diddy)]
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you cry
I don't want, I don't want you to say goodbye
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you sad
You're the best love I've ever had
And nothin', and nothin' goin' to tear us apart
And for this, and for this love we work so hard
So can we, can we try to work it out
I'm yours all yours without a doubt
(Second verse)

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
I know that living wit me can sometimes be unhappy
But I really need you in my life, yeah yeah
Cause every part of me you totally complete
Remember to make me your wife, please, and...

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you cry
I don't want, I don't want you to say goodbye
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you sad
You're the best love I've ever had (Come on)
And nothin', and nothin's gonna tear us apart
And for this, and for this love we work so hard
So can we, can we try to work it out
I'm yours all yours without a doubt

[Break]

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you cry
I don't want, I don't want you to say goodbye
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you sad
You're the best love I've ever had
And nothin', and nothin's gonna tear us apart
And for this, and for this love we work so hard
So can we, can we try to work it out
I'm yours all yours with out a doubt

[Break]

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige & (Diddy)]
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you cry
I don't want, I don't want you to say goodbye
I didn't, I didn't mean to make you sad
You're the best love I've ever had
And nothin', and nothin's gonna tear us apart
And for this, and for this love we work so hard
And can we, can we try to work it out
I'm yours all yours without a doubt
(Break it down)

[Outro: Mary J. Blige & (Diddy)]
We're only human, baby (Let's go)
We're gonna make mistakes boy (Don't stop)
I really need for you to forgive me
I need you to forgive me (Come on)
Why can't we let this go? (Let's go)
I love you more than you know (Don't stop)
I really need for you to forgive me
Forgive me (Come on)
(Queen of Hip-Hop Soul, Bad Boy, baby, Mary Jane, collaboration)

[Chorus]
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you

[Verse 1]
When I found out that you were leaving me
I couldn't sleep thinking about
All the things that we've been through
Now all I want to do is tell you
That I miss you so much
You know I really really miss you

[Chorus]
To those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you (Pretty memories)
To those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you

[Verse 2]
Now that I'm on my own
I know that in time, I'll find somebody new
(Who'll treat me better than you)
So now that I'm all alone without you
But I still love you (Love you)
You know I'll never live without you

[Chorus]
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you
(All those pretty memories) All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record I love you (Pretty memories)

[Bridge]
I wish you'd change your ways soon enough
So we can be together
You just don't understand good love
But now all we have is memories

[Chorus]
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now (Of the way we used to be)
For the record: I love you, I love you
(All those pretty memories) All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you

[Interlude]
I miss you, I miss you
Oh, I miss you

[Chorus]
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you
All those pretty memories
I know you can hear me now
For the record: I love you, I love you

[Chorus]
It's about the things you say to me in the A.M
It's about the way you hold me in the A.M
Something bout a sweet rendezvous in the A.M
God, I like spendin time with you in the A.M

[Verse 1]
It's about six and the sun's on its way up
I'm half asleep
Waiting for your touch to wake me up
I like the way you call me (Call me)
The way you whisper peace
The things you reveal
God, I know you're real
Nothing like the way you make me feel

[Chorus]
It's about the things you say to me in the A.M
(Like the way you talk to me)
It's about the way you hold me in the A.M
(Like the way you hold me)
Something bout a sweet rendezvous in the A.M. (Oh)
God, I like spendin time with you in the A.M

[Verse 2]
I have to admit, this is the way to start the day
Raptured in love
Jesus, your love takes me away (Takes me away)
I like the way you call me (Call me)
The way you whisper peace
The things you reveal
God, I know you're real
Nothing like the way you make me feel

[Chorus]
It's about the things you say to me in the A.M
(I love to talk to you)
It's about the way you hold me in the A.M
(Love the way you hold me)
Something bout a sweet rendezvous in the A.M
(So sweet sweet)
God, I like spendin time with you in the A.M
(Spending time with you)

[Bridge]
What you do to me
I just can't explain
(I just can't explain)
What it means to me
To hear you call my name
(Hear you call my name)
What a perfect way
For me to start the day
Raptured in love
Jesus, your love takes me away

[Chorus]
It's about the things you say to me in the A.M
(I love, I love you)
It's about the way you hold me in the A.M
(Way you hold me in the A.M.)
Something bout a sweet rendezvous in the A.M
(So sweet to be in your presence, Lord)
God, I like spendin time with you in the A.M

[Verse 1]
Baby, you're a man so I know it's hard
To reach out for help and let down your guard
But I am your woman so you gotta know why
I been put on this earth, to be right by your side
Now lately you've been tryna hide it but something's on your mind
But I care what's going on with you too much to let it slide
I'm over the fussing, and I'm tryna stop cussing
So we gonna chill, let's start to rebuild, boy

[Chorus]
Talk to me (Just like you used to)
Talk to me (I don't wanna lose you so)
If you want to make this work the way I wanna
(I ain't gonna force but you're gonna)
Talk to me (Just like you need to)
Talk to me (Baby, I will receive you)
Every secret, you know that I'll keep it
(Ain't I good to you, baby?)
So come on, talk to me

[Verse 2]
Ain't no telling lies
Ain't no holding back
Ain't no tip-toeing
We too grown for that
I'ma say some things
And I'm very clear
That you may say some things I may not wanna hear
But I'm gon' listen to them
And we gon' work it out
And if I need a breather, let you go walk it out
I would never disrespect you, you are the head
But there's so many things going left unsaid, oh

[Chorus]
Talk to me (Just like you used to)
Talk to me (I don't wanna lose you so)
If you want to make this work the way I wanna
(I ain't gonna force but you're gonna)
Talk to me (Just like you need to)
Talk to me (Baby, I will receive you)
Every secret you know that I'll keep it
(Ain't I good to you baby)
So come on, talk to me

[Bridge]
You know love is a process
And it ain't gonna happen over night
So be patient with my shortcomings
You know how hard I try
Let's break down all the barriers standing in our way
Get over yourself for me
I'll get over myself for you
Let's get over ourselves for us
Let's start today, yeah

[Chorus]
Talk to me (Just like you used to)
Talk to me (I don't wanna lose you so)
If you want to make this work the way I wanna
(I ain't gonna force but you're gonna talk)
Talk to me (Just like you need to)
Talk to me (Baby, I will receive you, yeah)
Every secret you know that I'll keep it
(Ain't I good to you, baby?)
So come on, talk to me

[Bridge]
Ain't I good to you, baby?
Ain't I good to you, baby?
You can open your heart
You can open your mind
I'm all yours and I'm your friend
You can talk to me at any time
At any day, at any hour
I'm by your side
I'll never leave you
I got your back, hey

[Chorus]
Talk to me
Talk to me (Baby, I want)
If you want to make this work the way I wanna
(I ain't gonna force you but you gotta)
Talk to me
Talk to me (You ain't gotta go nowhere)
Every secret you know that I'll keep it (I'll be right here)
(You ain't gotta go outside, I'll be right here)
So come on, talk to me (Hey hey hey)

[Intro]
("Willing and waiting but it's all up to you, oh")

[Verse 1]
The very first, time I laid my eyes on you
I knew you were the one
Nothing can compare to all the times
That we both had some fun

[Pre-Chorus]
Sometimes I wanna cry
'Cause boy I realize
I need you in my life
(I need you in my life, yeah)
Don't think he understands
I want him for my man
I'm waiting for you

[Chorus]
I'm willing and waiting so in love with you
(So in love with you)
Willing and waiting, boy, it's all on you
(Boy, it's all on you)
Willing and waiting, boy, I need the truth
(Boy, I need the truth)
Willing and waiting I'm so in love with you

[Verse 2]
Every time, boy I take one look at you
I see the sun just shine
When we're alone, never want the night to end
'Cause you're the one I want

[Pre-Chorus]
Sometimes I wanna cry
'Cause boy I realize
I need you in my life
(Need you in my life)
Don't think he understands (Oh no no no)
I want him for my man
I'm waiting for you
(Said I'm waiting, said I'm waiting)

[Chorus]
I'm willing and waiting so in love with you
(So in love with you)
Willing and waiting, boy, it's all on you
(All on you)
Willing and waiting, boy, I need the truth
(Boy, I need the truth)
Willing and waiting I'm so in love with you

[Bridge]
You better answer (Oh yes you'd better answer)
You better answer (Ooh)

[Pre-Chorus]
Sometimes I wanna cry
'Cause boy I realize
I need you in my life
(I need you in my life, yeah yeah)
Don't think he understands (Oh no no no)
I want him for my man
I'm waiting for you
(See, I'm willing, I'm willing, baby)

[Chorus]
Willing and waiting so in love with you
(So in love with you)
Willing and waiting, boy, it's all on you
Willing and waiting, boy, I need the truth
(I need the truth, baby)
Willing and waiting I'm so in love with you
(See, I'm willing, willing and waiting)

Willing and waiting so in love with you
(I'm willing and waiting, willing and waiting)
Willing and waiting, boy, it's all on you
Willing and waiting, boy, I need the truth
(Willing, willing)
Willing and waiting I'm so in love with you
Willing and waiting so in love with you
Willing and waiting, boy, it's all on you
Willing and waiting, boy, I need the truth
(See, I need you to be my man)
Willing and waiting I'm so in love with you
(So here I stand, waiting and willing)

Willing and waiting so in love with you
Willing and waiting, boy, it's all on you
Willing and waiting, boy, I need the truth

[Verse 1]
From where you stand
There's no way to change it
No way to make it make sense
And it's lonely there
There in the spotlight
Well, honey, don't I understand?

[Chorus]
But you
You need someone to love you
You need someone to hold you...tonight
Someone to love you, someone to love you
Someone to love you, someone to love you

[Verse 2]
When you look at me
Try hard to hide it
Try hard to keep it all in
Well I found you out
Discovered your secrets
Well, honey, it ain't a sin

[Chorus]
But you
You need someone to love you
You need someone to hold you...tonight
Someone to love you, someone to love you
Someone to love you, someone to love you

[Bridge]
Ohh, yeah
It doesn't have to be me
Who

[Chorus]
But you
You need some one to love you
You need someone to tell you
That everything is alright
Someone to love you
Someone to love you
Someone to love you

[Verse 1]
Why do we go through things unnecessary?
Why can't we understand that our love is the key
We can solve any problem if we only were meek
But you won't take the time to try and understand me
Our love

[Pre-Chorus]
Our love will grow much stronger
(Grow much stronger)
Our love will last much longer (Last)
If we would take the time out (Take the time out)
To find out what love's all about
(That's why I'm saying)

[Chorus]
I wanna get to know you better (Only if you let me)
Only if you let me, love will grow much faster
Happy ever after, that is what I'm after
I just wanna be with you, you

[Verse 2]
I do not understand why we can't make it
But I will tell you one thing
I'm not trying to fake it
You can stay if you want to
'Cause my love is the same
I will not disappoint you
And I won't be the blame
Our love

[Pre-Chorus]
Our love will grow much stronger
(Grow much stronger)
Our love will last much longer (Last)
If we would take the time out
To find out what love is all about
(That is why I'm sayin')

[Chorus]
I wanna get to know you better (Only if you let me)
Only if you let me, love will grow much faster
Happy ever after, that is what I'm after
I just wanna be with you, you

[Bridge]
La la la la la la (La la la la la la la)
La la la la la la (Whoa laaa)
La la la la la la (La la la)
La la la la la la (La la)

[Chorus]
I wanna get to know you better (Only if you let me)
Only if you let me, love will grow much faster
(Love will grow much faster)
Happy ever after, that is what I'm after
I just wanna be with you, you
I wanna get to know you better (Only if you let me)
Only if you let me, love will grow much faster
Happy ever after, that is what I'm after
(That is what I'm after)
I just wanna be with you, you
I wanna get to know you better (Only if you let me)
Only if you let me, love will grow much faster
Happy ever after, that is what I'm after
I just wanna be with you, you
I wanna get to know you better

[Verse 1]
Beautiful, horrible, magical, terrible
Reason to laugh and smile
Reason to cry yourself to sleep at night, start a fight
Make up, break up, wrong or right
Heaven for all it's worth, can equally be hell right here on earth

[Pre-Chorus]
And no one really knows anything about it
But everybody needs it
We can't live without it
And that's the way it goes
Dark as day, bright as night
Just some of the things you might
Hear if you ask what love feels like

[Chorus]
And it feels like joy, and it feels like pain
And it feels like sunshine, feels like rain
An excuse for dying, reason to live
And if you don't know, that's what love is
Love is, oh

[Verse 2]
Gentle kiss, sweet caress, kiss the base of your neck
Argue until my head hurts I can't remember what you said
Out, screaming loud, don't know what we're screaming 'bout
So confusing yes it's true
But if it wasn't then what would we do?

[Pre-Chorus]
And no one really knows anything about it
But everybody needs it
We can't live without it
And that's the way it goes
Oh, dark as day, bright as night
Just some of the things you might
Hear if you ask what love feels like

[Chorus]
And it feels like joy, and it feels like pain
And it feels like sunshine, feels like rain
An excuse for dying, reason to live
And if you don't know, that's what love is
Love is, oh

[Bridge]
(That's love)
Anything that can bring you up, or bring you down
(That's love)
Could be the sun up in your sky, or the darkest cloud
(That's love)
And we need it
(That's love)
And we need it
(That's love)
Oh, ask anybody how it feels

[Chorus]
And it feels like joy, and it feels like pain
And it feels like sunshine, feels like rain
An excuse for dying, reason to live
And if you don't know, that's what love is
Love is
And it feels like joy (Joy), and it feels like pain (Pain)
And it feels like sunshine (Sunshine), feels like rain (Ooh)
An excuse for dying (Oh), reason to live (Oh)
And if you don't know, that's what love is
Love is

[Outro]
Oh, that's it

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know

[Verse 1]
I just don't understand
What is your master plan?
What would you have me do?
Confusion in my mind
Been hurt a thousand times
Now I know you're not true
(That's why I can't be with you)

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't know what it meant to me
Just to make you happy
All this time I've waited
Now our love has faded
Please tell me why it's gone
So my life can go on

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
(You would never know that I'm going 'round)
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know

[Verse 2]
I told you once before
I'm walking out the door
I'm leaving you behind
Thinking 'bout you all the time
Makes me so sad and blue
Now what are we gonna do
(That's why I can't be with you)

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't know what you did to me
When you told me you loved me
Now you're actin' shady
Now I'm going crazy
Please stop holding back from me
'Cause I got to keep from going 'round

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
(Where I stop, you will never know I'm going 'round)
Round and round I go
(Gotta keep from going 'round)
Where I stop, you will never know

[Bridge]
Oh, ohhhh
Oh, ohhhh
Oh, ohhhh
Oh, ohhhh

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
(360 degrees I'm going around and around)
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know

[Bridge 2]
You promised me you'd never leave
You said you'd stay with me always
Always
Oh, oh, you'd never leave, oh, oh

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know

[Intro]
Baby, ooh baby
When we

[Verse 1]
I gotta man to love me down all night
I just hate it when we fuss and fight
Sometimes it's hard for us to get along
But I miss him when he's not home
Nobody ever finds the perfect man
But I'm a make the best with what I have
Reminiscing on when we touch
Boy, we make good love

[Chorus]
When we (When we)
When we (Oh, when we, baby)
When we (When we, when we)
When we make good love
When we (When we)
When we (when we)
When we (Oh, when we, baby)
When we make good love

[Verse 2]
We've been together for three long years
But I know I've cried meany tears
Over something that I can't control
But I love him with all my soul
Nobody ever made me feel this way
We're gonna make it through the good and bad days
I know you'll always choose what's best for us
'Cause we make good love...

[Chorus]
When we (When we)
When we (Oh, when we, baby)
When we (Oh, when we)
When we make good love
When we (When, when, when, when, when we)
When we (When we)
When we (Oh, when we, baby)
When we make good love

[Bridge]
Boy, you make me realize
That you're that special one in my life
You're my soulmate sent to me
And ain't nobody gonna be
As good to you as I can be
I will love you faithfully
'Cause our love was meant to be
'Cause we make good love

[Chorus]
When we (When we)
When we (Oh, when we, when we, baby)
When we (When we make good love, good love, good love)
When we make good love

[Bridge over Chorus]
Boy, you make me realize
You're that special one in my life
You're my soulmate sent for me
And ain't no, ain't nobody gonna be
Be as good to you as I can be
Hey hey hey hey, ooh ooh ooh

When we, when we, we make good love, good love
Oh, when we, when we, we make good love, good love
When we, when we, we make good love, good love
Oh, when we, when we, we make good love, good love

[Chorus]
When we
When we
When we
When we make good love
When we (When we)
When we (when we)
When we (Ooh, when we, baby)
When we make good love
(When we make good love)
When we
When we (Ooh, when we, baby)
When we (Oh, when we, baby)
When we make good love
When we

[Verse 1]
Loving you is wonderful
Something like a miracle
Rest assured I feel the same way you do
Needing you, it isn't hard
With you, I can let down my guard
Stay secure that's all I'm asking from you
(Stay secure)

[Pre-Chorus]
I wish I had words to tell (I wish)
This feeling that I know so well
But I don't, I don't

[Chorus]
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)

[Verse 2]
I've always been curious
Meeting someone serious
Looking for someone who loves like me
But the day I stopped my search
It seemed that you were put on Earth
To show me everything I could not see

[Pre-Chorus]
I wish I could find a way
To tell you how I felt that day
But I can't (I just can't)
I can't

[Chorus]
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)

[Bridge]
Knowing him, loving him
Showing him that I'm all in
Living and, forgiving and
I would do it all again
Genuine, seraphim
Sweeter than cinnamon
Heaven-sent gentleman
Synonyms for loving him

[Chorus]
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)

[Chorus]
You're all...
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)

[Outro]
He's all that I'll ever need
He's got a hold on me
I love you
Oh, I don't wanna live without you
You're all that I can say, hey
Loving you is wonderful
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I can say
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All that I...
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
All I can say
Loving you is wonderful
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)
(Do do, do do, do do, doo)

[Verse 1]
Well, it was like a party (Party)
But the kiss feels better off (Kiss feels better off)
You told me all those lies
That I said you did
And I can't give you one more chance
But I bet you I will show you
That the pick of the litter comes a little bigger than I said it would
And it's been coming for a long time

[Chorus]
L, let's get you ready for the lovin' of a lifetime
O, opticians can see just what you can do
V, become a victim on the verge of kickin' ass now
E, it's experience and you'll know what to do

[Post-Chorus]
You've been wasting time (You've been wasting time)
Are you out of your mind? (You've been wasting time)
Well, you show me some love

[Verse 2]
With intentions so high (So high)
You probably need a place to count your cash (Need a place to count your cash)
You said you're sorry so many times
And I'm sorry that you ever did (You ever did)
Well, you can take your life of love
And stick it up in your mainframe
'Cause there'll be no more second chances
No more hot romances
And I like it this way
So let me break it down for you

[Chorus]
L, let's get you ready for the lovin' of a lifetime
O, opticians can see just what you can do
V, become a victim on the verge of kickin' ass now
E, it's experience and you'll know what to do

[Verse 3]
Better stop playin' me, start lovin' me
I ain't the same ho givin' away love for free
All my life sittin' 'round thinkin' how to please you
Been blind so long that my screws were loose
But I've paid my dues, now it's time to move
'Cause I'm sick and tired of playin' the fool
'Cause you play to lose and I play to win
Tryin' not to sin and tried to be your friend
Like every other girl, never sexed your friends
But it's over now, and you saying, "How?"
I found something new that's worth my while
Instead of messin' with a bum cat poster child
But I'm focused now, people saying, "Wow!"
And replace of a frown on my face, a smile
You must be out your mind, I have no time
To get you ready for a love of a lifetime

[Chorus]
L, let's get you ready for the lovin' of a lifetime
O, opticians can see just what you can do
V, become a victim on the verge of kickin' ass now
E, it's experience and you'll know what to do

[Post-Chorus]
You've been wasting time (You've been wasting time)
Are you out of your mind? (You've been wasting time)
Well, you show me some love

[Outro]
L (Oh)
O (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
V (Oh, oh, oh)
E (Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Let's get you ready for the lovin' of a lifetime (Let's get you ready)
Opticians can see just what you can do (Opticians can tell you just what you can do)
Become a victim on the verge of kickin' ass now
It's experience and you'll know what to do (Dang)

[Verse 1]
That was love
That was then
That was us, miracles
I changed you
You changed me
This is how these things go
I was broke
And you were scared
But you stayed by my side, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
I was yours
You were mine
It seemed we'd last forever, oh yeah
I'd be the one you need
You would be the one I marry
And I'm just trying to un-fight my way back in your heart
And I'm telling you to

[Chorus]
Come to me
I'll restore freedom
I'll calm away the wars in your heart

[Verse 2]
Your heart is missed, I'm a mess
What happened to second chance?
This is now, this is how
Easy things can get out of hand
We were cold, and we were slow
Then now the end's faster than light, than light

[Pre-Chorus]
And I'm not ashamed 'cause my love ain't changed
I'm prepared to beg you back the whole way
Bring me your wounds, I'll bring mine, too
And we will heal (Heal), mend (Mend)
Me and you, telling you...

[Chorus]
Come to me (Come to me)
I'll restore freedom (I'll restore your freedom)
I'll calm away the wars in your heart
(Carve it away, in your heart, in your heart)
I'm telling you to
Come to me (Come to me, come to me)
I'll restore freedom (I'll restore, store your freedom)
I'll carve away the worries in your heart
(I'll take it all away)

[Bridge]
And I'm here to make peace, peace, peace
I'm here to make peace, peace, peace
I'm here to make peace, peace, peace
I'm here to make peace, peace, peace between you and I

Through my doors, and take my hand (Take my hand, yeah)
Replace our love beyond this land (Beyond this land)
This is just too much to give away
I love you, baby, so why don't you stay
Let the air of your voice dry my tears (Dry my tears)
Let "I love you", fall on my ears
Oh, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you
I want you to just

[Chorus]
Come to me (Come to me)
I'll restore freedom (I'll restore your freedom)
I'll carve away your worries in your heart
(I'll take it all away, your heart, your heart)
And I'll be here to make peace
I'm here to make peace, peace, peace
I'm here to make peace, peace, peace
I'm here to make peace, peace, peace between you and I

[Outro]
Wanna make peace with you peace, baby
I don't wanna fight, I just wanna do everything right
Show me how to make peace with you
I do wanna make peace with you

[Verse 1]
I heard them all
All them lies
Lost count about around a thousand times
But here it comes, another lie
Whoa oh whoa
You lost your phone
It slipped your mind
Promised the last time was the last time
Already know what you're gon' say
So save it, don't waste your breath

[Chorus]
Miss me with that, I'm sick of your act
The only part of you I wanna see is your back
Miss me with that, save it for the next one
Spare me the headache 'cause I just got over one
You better ask somebody about me
Boy, you keep on telling lies, you'll be lying without me
I know just what your ass gon' say, so save it (Yeah yeah)
Miss me with that

[Verse 2]
Are u hearing me?
Look in my eyes
I ain't got it in me anymore to fight, no
I'm over this, this waste of time
Whoa oh whoa oh
Your car broke down
You're working late
Or maybe today was just an ungodly day
Already know what you gon' say, so save it
Don't waste your breath

[Chorus]
Miss me with that, I'm sick of your act
The only part of you I wanna see is your back
Miss me with that, save it for the next one
Spare me the headache 'cause I just got over one
You better ask somebody about me
Boy, you keep on telling lies, you'll be lying without me
I know just what your ass gon' say, so save it (Yeah yeah)
Miss me with that

[Bridge]
I bet you think that you've been getting over on me
But I'm shaking my head like Eve, damn what you believe
You ain't foolin' me
Don't know why but I still love you, wanna trust you
But I can't
So whatever you're about to say, boy, miss me with that

[Chorus]
Miss me with that, I'm sick of your act
The only part of you I wanna see is your back
(Only part I wanna see is your back)
Miss me with that, save it for the next one
Spare me the headache 'cause I just got over one
(Just got over one)
You better ask somebody about me
Boy, you keep on telling lies, you'll be lying without me
I know just what your ass gon' say, so save it (Yeah yeah)
Miss me with that

[Outro]
Miss me with your lies, miss me with your lies
This is my goodbye (This is my goodbye)
Miss me
Miss me with your lies, miss me with your lies
This is my goodbye
Miss me
Miss me with your lies, miss me with your lies
This is my goodbye
Miss me
Miss me with your lies, miss me with your lies
This is my goodbye
Miss me
Miss me with your lies, miss me with your lies
This is my goodbye
Miss me with your lies, miss me with your lies
This is my goodbye

[Verse 1]
I want you to rescue me
Take me from this misery
Put your arms around me, babe
Hold me close, please hear me say (Ooh ooh)
You really got a hold on me (You do)
Right here is where I wanna be (With you)
Boy, there's something I want you to do
'Cause tonight I wanna feel like a woman

[Chorus]
I don't wanna compete
I just wanna be the only girl that you need
(Feel like a woman)
Boy, I want you to be everything to me
Don't wanna be deceived
(Feel like a woman)
I don't wanna fuss, I don't wanna cuss
I just wanna feel the love from both of us
(Feel like a woman)
Now I only wanna do what you tell me to
Won't you show and prove
(Feel like a woman)

[Verse 2]
If you're on your way home stop and buy me something, ooh
Boy, buy me a bag or buy me some shoes
'Cause this is a part of me I'm trying to get you used to, ooh
(Hey, hey)
Boy, buy me diamonds, buy me pearls
Buy me this, buy me that
Make me fall deeper in love with you
I'm tired of screaming independent
I wanna start depending on you
'Cause tonight I wanna feel like a woman

[Chorus]
I don't wanna compete
I just wanna be the only girl that you need
(Feel like a woman)
Boy, I want you to be everything to me
Don't wanna be deceived
(Feel like a woman)
I don't wanna fuss, I don't wanna cuss
I just wanna feel the love from both of us
(Feel like a woman)
Now I only wanna do what you tell me to
Won't you show and prove
(Feel like a woman)

[Bridge]
Now take control, baby, of my life
Just lead the way, boy, treat me right
I, oh I
See, we can do this, just be strong
I'm trying to tell you what a girl really wants
I want a man to make me feel like a woman
Yeah (Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman)
Yeah (Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman)
Yeah (Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman)
Yeah (Feel like a woman)

I wanna feel like a woman tonight (Feel like a woman)
You know just what to do, oh baby (Feel like a woman)
Cuz I am yours and you are mine (Feel like a woman)
And we deserve each other (Feel like a woman)
I want you to lead the way
Make me feel like a woman

[Outro]
Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman
Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman
Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman
Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman
Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman
Feel like a woman, a woman, a woman

[Intro]
Young Weezy Baby!
Aagghhhwooo!

She got her bags by the door nob
OK be cool wait baby slow down
Don't walk out of that door
Ooh
I done made her past mad now
Her tears falling from her pouring on the ground
I ain't never seen her like this before..no
Now I'm feel like I'm falling
No one here to save me
I don't wanna die alone
I don't wanna live alone
Hang Into This Shyt Together
We Gon Leave This Shyt Together
Baby Leave This Shyt Together!
But Im Sorry I Fucked Up!
Ahh
Yah I Fucked Up
Yea I Kno I Fucked
And Now She Gone
And Thats Fucked Up

[Chorus:]
And Now Im Headed For Self Destruction
I Dont Wanna Live No More
Self Destruction
I Dont Wanna Live No More
Self Destruction
I Dont Wanna Live No More Without U!
Yea Its A Suicidal

Yea!
U Might See Me On The Side Of The Road
Keep Driving
You May See Me Jumping Into The Road
Keep Driving
Im Just Tryna Find The End Of The Road
Ok I Think Im Gonna Have To Send Her A Note
Along With A Rose
And That Rose Will Be Black
And That Note Attached Shall Read
"Im Gone"
"Honey Im Gone"
"I'd Rafter Be With God Before I Be Alone"
So From Heaven I Sing This Song
O Yea "P.S. Honey Im Home"

And The Angels Even Look And Smell Like You
But There's No Angel Or Gal Like You
Man I Fucked Up (Man I Fucked Up)
Yaah I Fucked Up (Yaah I Fucked Up)
Yea I Kno I Fucked Up
And Now She Gone
And Thats Fucked Up

[Chorus:]
And Now Im Headed For Self Destruction
I Dont Wanna Live No More
Self Destruction
I Dont Wanna Live No More
Self Destruction
I Dont Wanna Live No More Without U!
Yea Its A Suicidal

And If I Can't Have You And I
Its A Suicide
For You I'll Cry
And If I Can't Have You
Im Through I'll Die
And If U Hear Me Say Down (Down) Down (Down) Down
Man I Swear I Said Down (Down) Down (Down) Down
And Dont You Leave!
(No Dont Leave Me)
U Hear Me Cryin Like
(Oooooooooooooooooooo)
Woooh
She Got Her Bags By The Door Nop
Wait Baby Slow Down
Dont Walk Out Of That Door
Nooo!
I Dun Made Her Past Mad Now!
Her Tears Fallin From Her Pourin On The Ground
I Ain't Never Seen Her Like This Before!
And Now It Feels Like Im Fallin!
No One Here To Save Me!
I Dont Wanna Die Alone!
I Dont Wanna Live Alone!
I Dont Wanna Be Alone!
I Dont Wanna Be Alone
So Now Im Headed For Self Destruction
I Dont Wanna Live No More

[Verse 1]
I've had some good days
And I've had some bad days
I know about heartbreak
Didn't think that I could make it
I know how it feels to have money
I know how it feels to be broke
And I can tell you 'bout lonely
'Cause I've been there before

[Pre-Chorus]
But when I raised my head up to the sky
All of the emptiness was gone (All gone)
If you believe you'll see in time
That everything will be alright

[Chorus]
It's gonna be alright
Everything will be okay (Everything will be okay)
This is a testimony, Mary's story
Trouble don't last always (Always)
It's gonna be alright (It's gonna be alright)
Everything will be okay
This is a testimony, Mary's story
Trouble don't last always

[Verse 2]
Through my trials and tribulations I still believe
That God had a greater plan for me
Exceeded all my expectations
But when He gave me what I need
And now I'm set free, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
But when I raise my head up to the sky (Raise my head)
All of the emptiness was gone (All of it was gone)
If you believe you'll see in time
That everything will be alright

[Chorus]
It's gonna be alright (Alright)
Everything will be okay (Everything will be okay)
This is a testimony, Mary's story (My testimony)
Trouble don't last always (Trouble don't last always)
It's gonna be alright (Said it's gonna be)
Everything will be okay (Everything will be)
This is a testimony, Mary's story
Trouble don't last always (Always, always)
It's gonna be alright (It's gonna be alright)
Everything will be okay (Everything will be okay)
This is a testimony (Okay), Mary's story
Trouble don't last always (Trouble don't last always)
It's gonna be alright (Ooh, ooh)
Everything will be okay (Everything will be okay)
This is a testimony, Mary's story
Trouble don't last always

[Bridge]
This is my story (Oh)
This is my song (This is my song)
This is the day I celebrate (This is the day I celebrate)
My troubles are gone (Ooh, my troubles are gone)
This is my story (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)
This is my song (This is my song, my song)
This is the day I celebrate (This is the day I)
My troubles are gone

[Chorus]
It's gonna be alright
Everything will be okay (Everything will be okay)
This is a testimony (Alright), Mary's story
Trouble don't last always (Trouble don't last, it don't last, it don't last)
It's gonna be alright
Everything will be okay (This too, this too shall pass)
This is a testimony, Mary's story
Trouble don't last always

[Outro]
It's alright (It's alright), it's okay
He wiped all my tears away (He wiped them away)
It's alright, it's okay
Trouble don't last always (Trouble don't last)
It's alright (Said it don't last), it's okay
He wiped all my tears away (He wiped all my, all my)
It's alright, it's okay
Trouble don't last always
Away (Away), away (Away)
He cared for me when nobody else did (Away)
(Away) He wiped my tears away (Away), oh
Away (Away), away (Away), away

[Verse 1]
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens
Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens
Brown paper packages tied up with string
These are a few of my favorite things

Cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels
Doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles
Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings
These are a few of my favorite things

Girls in white dresses with blue satin sashes
Snowflakes that stay on my nose and eyelashes
Silver white winters that melt into springs
These are a few of my favorite things

[Chorus]
When the dog bites
When the bee stings
When I'm feeling sad
I simply remember my favorite things
And then I don't feel so bad

[Verse 2]
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens
Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens
Brown paper packages tied up with string
These are a few of my favorite things

Cream colored ponies and crisp apple strudels
Doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles
Wild geese that fly with the moon on their wings
These are a few of my favorite things

[Chorus]
When the dog bites
When the bee stings
When I'm feeling sad
I simply remember my favorite things
And then I don't feel so bad

[Outro]
I simply remember my favorite things
Like silver white winters that melt into springs
And then I don't feel so bad
So bad, so bad, so bad

[Verse 1]
Look in my eyes
Tell me what you see
Do you see perfection in me?
To you, do I look complete?
Now take one more look past my celebrity
That's where you'll find the real me
To you, do I still look complete?

[Pre-Chorus]
I got every material thing I could ever need (Hmm)
I got the love from my fans that adore me (Yeah yeah yeah)
And I'm grateful (And I thank you so very much)
But my love for myself is lacking a little bit (Just a little bit)
I can admit that I'm working on me (Mmm)
Staying faithful (And what I'm tryna say is...)

[Chorus]
Just like you, sometimes I get down (I get down)
Sometimes I just wanna cry (I just wanna cry)
Sometimes I get depressed
And just like me, tryin' to be complete (Tryin' be complete, oh)
Just understand we're all just a work in progress

[Verse 2]
Life can be difficult
No one promised that it would be
(No one promised it would be sunshine all the time)
Sunshine all the time, easy
Some pain is guaranteed
But it ain't impossible (Not impossible)
You can find the joy, you see
Took me a while but I did finally
Open your eyes and you will see I'm just like you

[Chorus]
Just like you, sometimes I get down (Get down, oh)
Sometimes I just wanna cry (Just wanna cry)
Sometimes I get depressed (So depressed)
And just like me, tryin' to be complete (Tryin' to be complete)
Just understand we're all just a work in progress (Oh)

[Bridge]
Anybody knowing what it is to struggle (Oh)
Never ever running in the face of trouble (Oh yeah)
Say "I'm with you" (I'm with you)
"I feel you" (I feel you)
"I'm with you"
Just like you...
Sometimes I fall, but don't we all?
Baby, I feel your pain
We're all the same
We're all the same, oh, I am just like you

[Chorus]
Just like you, sometimes I get down
Sometimes I just wanna cry
Sometimes I get depressed
Oh, just like me (Just like me), tryin' to be complete (Tryin' to be complete)
Just understand we're all just a work in progress
(Just understand we're all a work in progress)
Just like you (Yeah, yeah, yeah), sometimes I get down
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah, oh)
Sometimes I just wanna cry
Sometimes I get depressed (Can you feel me? Can you hear me?)
And just like me, tryin' to be complete (I am, I am, I'm just like you)
Just understand we're all just a work in progress (A work in progress)

[Mary J. Blige]
When a star is born
They possess a gift or two
One of them is this
They have the power, to make a wish come true

[Barbra Streisand]
When you wish upon a star
Makes no difference who you are
Anything your heart desires, will come to you

[Mary + Barbra + both]
And if your heart is in your dream
No request is too extreme
When you wish upon a star
As dreamers do

Fate is kind, so kind
She brings to those who love
The sweet fulfillment of
Their secret longing
Like a bolt (Like a bolt) out of the blue
Fate steps in and sees you through
When you wish upon a star
Your dreams come true

When you wish upon a star
Makes no difference who you are
Your dreams, your dreams come true
All your dreams come true

[Verse 1]
The problem is for many years
I've lived my life publicly
So it's hard for me to find a man I trust
I really trust
And every time I find someone I like, gotta worry about
If it's really me that they see
And I thought you were the one, ohhhh...

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Verse 2]
I don't have a lot of friends
And sometimes I have to wonder
Is it cash they see when they look at me?
'Cause they're lookin' for a ride that's free
So I made the choice to be
Good to those who are good to me
Don't judge me or think I'm bitter
For the evil does allow me to see I'm just Mary

[Refrain]
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I'm just Mary, can't you see that I, I...)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I said, I said I'm just Mary)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
(I wish that they can see that I'm Mary, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Every day of my life I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(And I wish, I wish, I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Bridge]
The car i drive, the clothes i wear
The diamonds, the furs, and the house
Don't make the woman
Material things don't mean nothing to me
So, I need someone to stand by me and supply my needs
And I'm just plain ol' Mary
Why can't you love the person inside, and stop lookin' outside

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(I said that I'm just Mary)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Said I wish, and I wish, and I wish, and I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary (MJB, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that you could see

If I could give you something else
But I can't give you nothing but me all day and all night (Mary)
I'm just Mary, Mary, Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(It can't be the clothes or the car I drive, 'cause I...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(See the problem is, for many years, I've lived my life publicly...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Chorus]
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching

[Verse 1]
Do you hear what I hear?
Can you see what I see?
Everybody's crying out
And yet we have no unity
My friends always ask me
Mary, tell me why do you weep
'Cause I'm trying to get over
All the negativity
That's why I'm searching

[Chorus]
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching

[Verse 2]
We are living in a world
Of "Who has what?" and "Who is who?"
But I'm telling you my friend
The answer's right in front of you
We are searching for our peace
Piece of mind is what we need
We are searching for the love
That comes with the unity

[Bridge]
Oh ooh oh (Oh)
Oh ooh oh (Every day)
Oh ooh oh (It rains)
Oh ooh oh (Can you stand the pain?)
Oh ooh oh (Why do we live the way we choose to live?)
Oh ooh oh
Oh (I'm telling you my brother right now that we got to be...)

[Chorus]
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching

[Bridge]
Oh ooh oh (Oh)
Oh ooh oh (Why are we still searching)
Oh ooh oh (When the answer's right in front of you)
Oh
Oh ooh oh (I'm telling you)
Oh ooh oh
Oh ooh oh (You better look straight a head of your path)
Oh (Because the love is always there)

[Chorus]
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching

[Outro over second Chorus]
What are you searching for?
Tell me, tell me, tell me
All you have to do is believe in me
Then you can believe in you and me
You come first, you better believe

[scatting]
I don't wanna fuss and fight
I just wanna make it right
What can we do to be strong
If we try to get along
I'm not trying to preach to you
But I am still searching, too, yeah
Me and you can do it, oh
I don't ever wanna be stressed out
I just wanna live my life
The way I think that it should live
'Cause I wanna be happy, happy
What about you and me?

[Outro]
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching, searching
Searching, searching, searching

[Verse 1]
Hang all this mistletoe
I'm gonna get to know you better
This Christmas
And as we trim the tree
How much fun it's gonna be together, yeah
This Christmas

[Chorus]
Fireside's blazing bright
We're caroling through the night
And this Christmas will be
A very special Christmas for me, yeah yeah

[Verse 2]
Presents and cards here
My world is filled with cheer with you
This Christmas
And as I look around
Your eyes, they outshine the town, they do
This Christmas

[Chorus]
The fireside's blazing bright
We're caroling through the night
And this Christmas will be
A very special Christmas for me, yeah

[Bridge]
Shake a hand, shake a hand, yeah
Merry Christmas all over the land
Oh, it's Christmas time
It's Christmas time

[Chorus]
Oh, fireside's blazing bright
We're caroling through the night
And this Christmas will be
A very special Christmas for me, yeah

[Outro]
Oh, shake a hand, shake a hand, yeah yeah yeah
Merry Christmas all over the land
Have a Merry Merry Christmas, yeah
And a Happy New Year, yeah yeah
I hope that it's full of cheer, oh yeah
Hope you get everything you want for Christmas
Hope your families are together
Hope that everyone is safe and sound
Merry Christmas, everybody

[Verse 1]
Can we just talk about the love and all the things we do
You rub my back and boy you know I'll do the same for you
You treat me good
I'll treat you good
And things will be alright
Come over here my sugar dumpling 'cause it's on tonight

[Pre-Chorus]
Don't you worry 'bout a thing
('Bout a thing, boy)
Because you gave me this ring
(You gave me this ring yeah)
I won't ever let you down
(Said I won't let you down, no)
'Cause my love is your fate
So please hurry, don't wait

[Chorus]
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love

[Verse 2]
Boy, don't you know that deep inside you are so beautiful
(Beautiful)
You're made for me so never ever, ever let me go
(Oh no)
I never knew someone could set my soul and body free
No time to wait so sugar won't you give your love to me

[Pre-Chorus]
And as far as I can see
(Far as I can see, baby)
You're the only one for me
(You're the only one for me)
And you're everything I need
(You're everything I need, babe)
'Cause your heart is cared for me
(And I don't wanna be free)

[Chorus]
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love

[Bridge]
It feels so good to find love, sweet love
(Yes, it does)
I'll try not to neglect it
(I'll try not)
Always cherish every second
(Always love you, baby)
When ever I need you, you're always right there
(Always right there)
I call you my best friend
(I call you my best)
Hope this love will never end

[Chorus]
I'm gonna
Give you love
Baby, I'm gonna give you love
Baby, I'm gonna
Give you love
All my love to you
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love
I'm gonna give you
All of my love

[Outro]
I'm gonna give you love
Baby, I'm gonna give you love
Give you love
All my love to you
Give you love
Baby, I'm gonna give you love
Give you love
All my love to you
I'm gonna give you love
Baby, I'm gonna give you love
Give you love
All my love to you
All my love belongs to you, babe
Give you love
Baby, I'm gonna give you love
Give you love
All my love to you
All to you, baby
Give you love
Baby, I'm gonna give you love
Give you love
All my love to you

[Intro]
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy (In my life, boy)
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 1]
You know if the time is right
I don't wanna fuss and fight
I just wanna let you know
I'm feeling good tonight
I want you to take my hand and promise you'll be cool
Because I know you like the way that I move

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh boy, you bring me joy
Some try to play me
But they can't fade me
Oh boy, you've go it goin' on
And you make me happy (Happy)
So very happy

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you (I don't know, I don't know)
In my life, boy (What I'm gonna do)
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 2]
You know when I think of you
I'm thinkin' of myself
I just wanna be with you, my friend
And no one else
It's not hard to say what I feel
Because you know that my love is for real

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh boy, I'll be your toy
Come on and play with me
And never leave me
Oh boy, you've got it goin' on
And you satisfy me (Yes, you do)
You satisfy me

[Bridge]
So much joy
In my world (Ooh, la la la)
Be my man (Be my man)
And I'll be your girl

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy (What I'm gonna do, yeah)
I don't know if I could live (I don't know if I could live)
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 3]
Wait just a minute
Something else is on my mind
I don't wanna have to tell you this but one more time
You're the only man I want
And I am never gonna front
On ya, baby, so relax your mind
And realize

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you (Realize that I'ma do you right)
In my life, boy
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy (Oh no, yeah)
I don't know what I would do (I don't know)
Do without you
In my life, boy
I don't know if I could live
Live without you

[Verse 1]
Captured effortlessly
That's the way it was
It happened so naturally
I did not know it was love
The next thing I felt was you
Holdin' me close
What was I gonna do?
I let myself go
And now we're flyin' through the stars
I hope this night will last forever

[Verse 2]
I've been waitin' for you
It's been so long
I knew just what I would do
When I heard your song
It filled my heart with your bliss
Gave me freedom
You knew I could not resist
I needed someone
And now we're flyin' through the stars
I hope this night will last forever

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Makes me happy
Makes me feel this way
Ain't nobody
Loves me better, than you

[Verse 3]
I wait for night time to come
And bring you to me
Can't believe I'm the one
I was so lonely
I feel like no one could feel
I must be dreamin'
I want this dream to be real
I need this feelin'
I make my wish upon a star
And hope this night will last forever

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Makes me happy
Makes me feel this way
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Ain't nobody
Loves me better, noo

[Bridge]
And first you put your arms around me
Then you put your charms around me
I can't resist this sweet surrender
Oh! My nights are warm and tender
We stare into each other's eyes
And what we see is no surprise
Got a feelin' most with treasure
And a love so deep we cannot measure

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Makes me happy
Makes me feel this way
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Makes me happy
Makes me feel this way
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Ain't nobody
Loves me better
Makes me happy

[Verse 1]
Once he's in, he gets so comfortable
Never wanting to commit for sure
Always lying 'bout the girl next door
That's how all these things begin
You let you guard down and he does you in
All your secrets he's been holding that in
To throw back at you when it benefits him
So he can go and play with all his chickens, oh

[Chorus]
Tell me where the lyin' and the front begun
(Tell me where the lyin' begun)
Why you playin' with me 'cause it's not fun
(Why you playin' with me?)
How can it be two if I'm your only one?
That's how crazy this game is (Crazy this game is)
Workin' so hard to complete ourselves
Never thinkin' 'bout the love that's on the shelf
(Never thinkin' 'bout me)
Livin' our life like there's no one else
That's how crazy this game is

[Verse 2]
Who you messin' with with all the games you play? (Games you play)
Oh, you didn't know, my name is Mary J
All the chicks you hit I heard they all look slayed
Tryna gas me saying things have changed
Now you're like the furthest thing from my brain
Never thought I had to say it to you this way
All these years I've been with you, boy, I feel so played
And now I need to go sharpen my blade

[Chorus]
Tell me where the lyin' and the front begun
(Tell me where the lyin' and the front)
Why you playin' with me 'cause it's not fun (It's not fun)
How can it be two if I'm your only one?
That's how crazy this game is
Workin' so hard to complete ourselves
Never thinkin' 'bout the love that's on the shelf
(Only thinkin' 'bout you, you, you)
Livin' our life like there's no one else
That's how crazy this game is

[Bridge]
This is one thing I will not tolerate
I'm not, for this, abusive, relation
Reclusive, excuses for our evolution (No)
When you play, with our (Play), love games (Oh), it starts (Oh)
Possessive (Oh), obsession (Oh), expression (Oh)

[Chorus]
Tell me where the lyin' and the front begun
(Tell me where the lying and the front)
Why you playin' with me 'cause it's not fun
(Why you playin' with me, boy?)
How can it be two if I'm your only one?
That's how crazy this game is
Workin' so hard to complete ourselves
(Working so hard to complete ourselves)
Never thinkin' 'bout the love that's on the shelf
(Never thinkin' 'bout it, no, never)
Livin' our life like there's no one else (No, no)
That's how crazy this game is
(That's how crazy this thing is)
Tell me where the lyin' and the front begun (Tell me)
Why you playin' with me 'cause it's not fun
(Where the lying and the front began)
How can it be two if I'm your only one?
That's how crazy this game is

[Outro]
That's how crazy this game is, yeah, yeah
Oh yes, how, that's how crazy this game is

[Verse 1]
There's something that I want to say
But I feel like don't know how
Still I just can't hold it one more day
So I'll think I let it out

[Pre-Chorus]
You're on my mind more than I may show
You're in my heart more than you may know
And the last thing that I want
Is to you to fall apart
Your future will be clearer
I want you to remember

[Chorus]
In each tear
There's a lesson (There's a lesson)
Makes you wiser than before (Wiser)
Makes you stronger than you know (Stronger)
And each tear (Each tear)
Brings you closer to your dreams
No mistake, no heartbreak
Can take away what you're meant to be

[Verse 2]
We can't change the things
That we done that's in the past
But fighting won't get us anywhere
So if you want to, here's my hand

[Pre-Chorus]
Every night there's one thing I do
I bow my head and I pray for you (Pray for you)
And the last thing that I want
Is for you to fall apart
Your future will be clearer
I want you to remember

[Chorus]
In each tear
There's a lesson (There's a lesson)
Makes you wiser than before (Wiser)
Makes you stronger than you know (Stronger)
And each tear (Oh, each tear)
Brings you closer to your dreams
No mistake, no heartbreak
Can take away what you're meant to be

[Bridge]
You're much more than a struggle that you go through
You're not defined by your pain so let it go
You're not a victim
You're more like a winner
And you're not in defeat
You're more like a queen, oh

[Chorus]
In each tear
There's a lesson
Makes you wiser than before
Makes you stronger than you know (Stronger than you know)
And each tear (Each tear)
Brings you closer to your dreams
No mistake, no heartbreak
Can take away what you're meant to be
In each tear (Each tear)
There's a lesson (There's a lesson)
Makes you wiser than before (Wiser)
Makes you stronger than you know
And each tear (Makes you so much stronger)
Brings you closer to your dreams
No mistake, no heartbreak
Can take away what you're meant to be

[Outro]
No no we can't be held down
No no no no oh, I I I can't held down
You you you can't be held down
We we we can't be held down

It makes you so much stronger
It makes you so much wiser
In each tear
And You're so close to your dreams
And no mistake, no heartbreak
Can take away you're meant to be

[Intro]
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy (In my life, boy)
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 1]
You know if the time is right
I don't wanna fuss and fight
I just wanna let you know
I'm feeling good tonight
I want you to take my hand and promise you'll be cool
Because I know you like the way that I move

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh boy, you bring me joy
Some try to play me
But they can't fade me
Oh boy, you've go it goin' on
And you make me happy (Happy)
So very happy

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you (I don't know, I don't know)
In my life, boy (What I'm gonna do)
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 2]
You know when I think of you
I'm thinkin' of myself
I just wanna be with you, my friend
And no one else
It's not hard to say what I feel
Because you know that my love is for real

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh boy, I'll be your toy
Come on and play with me
And never leave me
Oh boy, you've got it goin' on
And you satisfy me (Yes, you do)
You satisfy me

[Bridge]
So much joy
In my world (Ooh, la la la)
Be my man (Be my man)
And I'll be your girl

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy (What I'm gonna do, yeah)
I don't know if I could live (I don't know if I could live)
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 3]
Wait just a minute
Something else is on my mind
I don't wanna have to tell you this but one more time
You're the only man I want
And I am never gonna front
On ya, baby, so relax your mind
And realize

[Chorus]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you (Realize that I'ma do you right)
In my life, boy
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy (Oh no, yeah)
I don't know what I would do (I don't know)
Do without you
In my life, boy
I don't know if I could live
Live without you

[Verse 1]
How can I love somebody else
If I can't love myself enough to know
When it's time
Time to let go
Sing

[Chorus]
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy (I wanna be happy, yeah)
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet

[Verse 2]
I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord above
I know the answer is in front of me, but when
You think you're in love
You only see what you wanna see
And all I see is me for you
And you for me

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh, I cannot hide the way I feel inside
(No, I don't know why)
I don't know why but every day I wanna cry
(Every day I wanna cry)
But if I give you one more try
To these rules, will you abide?
And if I mean anything to you
Would it make everything all right?

[Chorus]
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
(I said I wanna be happy)
All I really want
Is to be happy (Oh, I wanna be...)
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
(To find a love that's mine...)
All I really want
(...oh, it'll be so fine)
Is to be happy (Wanna be happy)
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
(It would be so sweet...)
All I really want (...if only we could be...)
Is to be happy (We can be happy)
And to find a love that's mine (I wanna be happy)
It would be so sweet

[Bridge]
I just wanna be so, so, happy
But the answer lies in me
I do believe
That we can be happy
I said I wanna be happy, yeah yeah yeah
Now let it breathe

Life is too short to be tryin' to play some games
Now take some time and think about
If it's really worth losing me
Why must it be this way?
Why do you have to play with my mind
All the time?
Help me sing it

All I really want is for me to be happy
(Ohhh, just help me sing it)
All I really want is for me to be happy
(Yeah, yeah yeah)
All I really want is for me to be happy
(Oh, you know I wanna be happy, yeah, yeah)
All I really want is for me to be happy

[Chorus]
All I really want
Is to be happy
(I don't wanna have to worry about nothin' no more)
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
(Said I wanna be, said I wanna be, said I wanna be)
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
(Said I wanna be happy if it's all right with you and me...)
All I really want (...it'll be all right with me)
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
(Won't you help me sing, just help me sing it)
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
Maine, Raw Dizzy...
Don't say it nigga don't do it
I don't do it cause I done it (I done it)
I hustle lotta bread
Cause I don't move it I just run it (I run it)

Steppin in this motherfucker live-r than a concert
No these ain't converse
No we cain't converse
I done went beyond berserk
I done got behind a trick
I line em up I knock em down
Stack em up I back em up
Ambulance rack em up
Body bag pack em up
White sheets bloodied up
Mean mug your buddy up
Tellin niggas buddy up
I catch em while they huddle up
They feel every slug
When the pistol go nuk uk uk
Run up in your girl crib
Now she all like but but but
I ain't tryna hit that shit
Ain't nobody innocent
I ain't wanna hear the shit
I got her with the pillow mint
I took out a bag of coke, sprinkled just a little bit
Know who you dealin with, a full hand of aces, I
Shuffle with kings, and cut off queens
And this here, is where the bullshit
Cut off, you NAHMEAN
You couldn't see me with some high beams
Hey

(Chorus: x2)
Don't say it nigga don't do it
I don't do it cause I done it (I done it)
I hustle lotta bread
Cause I don't move it I just run it (I run it)
Don't say it nigga don't do it
I don't do it cause I done it (I done it)
I hustle lotta bread
Cause I don't move it I just run it (I run it)
Yea

I'm a rapper but I'm not a writer
Cause I does it in my head
Only thing I write is checks
Homie I be gettin bread
Look how I tease the feds
Pink yellow blue diamonds got my PIECE
Lookin like a fuckin EAST-er egg
Mack maine tried to teach me how to count bars
I stack chains that's what keep me outta cop cars
My rap name carry weight like a fat broad
My gat game told you niggas in (? )

I'm so hood when I do it
It's the same mack maine I distribute the fluid
Let it rain in ya veins yea homie we could do it
And the gain in the game if I aim at your brains them bullets rippin through it
See I be labeled as the hustler's hustler
Got a few up in the trunk and got a few in the muffler
Paranoid when I stare through so paranoid I might
Motherfuckin steal you so don't be in my rear view
Hey

(Chorus: x2)
Don't say it nigga don't do it
I don't do it cause I done it (I done it)
I hustle lotta bread
Cause I don't move it I just run it (I run it)
Don't say it nigga don't do it
I don't do it cause I done it (I done it)
I hustle lotta bread
Cause I don't move it I just run it (I run it)
Yea

I'm not jokin I'm tryna score a hundred of them
Things just to bust my block open
Glock pokin outta my shirt to stop motion
Seen my cousin get popped and got focused
I noticed the route that I've chosen could bring fortune
Plus sometimes it rains too hard so watch where the road is
I hear a lotta hoe shit
Gotta lil something but I'm tryna get some mo' shit
I'm a still thug it out I tell my body's so stiff
Ridin with my slugger I'm feelin kinda bogus with no motive
My main goal is to ball like Lamar Odom
And haul cocaine and use this rap shit as a token
Stress got me smokin a jo' totin a fo' fo' and
Scopin to kick somebody's no' in
Knowin I got a lil son to look after
But I'm a hustler fuck being a good rappa
(Chorus: x2)
Don't say it nigga don't do it
I don't do it cause I done it (I done it)
I hustle lotta bread
Cause I don't move it I just run it (I run it)
Don't say it nigga don't do it
I don't do it cause I done it (I done it)
I hustle lotta bread
Cause I don't move it I just run it (I run it)
Come on, bass

Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
Had a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw him
You would even say it glows
Come on, drums

All of the other reindeer
Used to laugh and call him names;
Oh, they never let poor Rudolph
Join in any reindeer games

Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say
Rudolph with your nose so bright
Won't you come and guide my sleigh tonight?

Then all the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
Oh, Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
You'll go down in history

[scatting]

Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say
Rudolph with your nose so bright
Won't you guide my sleigh tonight?

Oh, then all the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
Oh, Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
You'll go down in history, yes yes
Then all the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
Oh, Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
You'll go down in history

Woo, hmm hmm hmm
Man, that was fun!

[Verse 1]
The problem is for many years
I've lived my life publicly
So it's hard for me to find a man I trust
I really trust
And every time I find someone I like, gotta worry about
If it's really me that they see
And I thought you were the one, ohhhh...

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Verse 2]
I don't have a lot of friends
And sometimes I have to wonder
Is it cash they see when they look at me?
'Cause they're lookin' for a ride that's free
So I made the choice to be
Good to those who are good to me
Don't judge me or think I'm bitter
For the evil does allow me to see I'm just Mary

[Refrain]
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I'm just Mary, can't you see that I, I...)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I said, I said I'm just Mary)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
(I wish that they can see that I'm Mary, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Every day of my life I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(And I wish, I wish, I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Bridge]
The car i drive, the clothes i wear
The diamonds, the furs, and the house
Don't make the woman
Material things don't mean nothing to me
So, I need someone to stand by me and supply my needs
And I'm just plain ol' Mary
Why can't you love the person inside, and stop lookin' outside

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(I said that I'm just Mary)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Said I wish, and I wish, and I wish, and I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary (MJB, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that you could see

If I could give you something else
But I can't give you nothing but me all day and all night (Mary)
I'm just Mary, Mary, Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(It can't be the clothes or the car I drive, 'cause I...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(See the problem is, for many years, I've lived my life publicly...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Phone Dials....Puff breathing. Phone rings

Mary's Voicemail:
"Yo what's up, this is Mary. Not home, leave a message. Peace"

[Puff Daddy]
("Not this shit again, oh my god!) Ayo Mary B pick up, Aye Mary Mary B Pick up"

[Mary B]
Yeah, yeah, yeah! What's up, Puff?

[Puff]
Aye, what's up nigga?

[Mary]
Uhm

[Puff Daddy & (Mary J. Blige)]
What's going on, man? I'm driving up town, man. I'm vex'd, man. Niggas out here fronting, man. Say you can't do it again, baby. Tired of this old bullshit. Ya know what I'm saying? Ready to put all you niggas in nine-four, man. Ready for this new album to drop. Yo, word up, Mary! Got the studio time booked to ten o clock, can you be there at 10 o clock? (Alright, I'll be there) Be on time, man. One love, OUT!

[Verse 1]
Sitting here all alone on Valentine's Day
I really wanna call him up
But my pride is all in the way, hey hey
Vision's gettin' clearer
I see what's been goin' on for years
The ones you say are far
Really are so near, I'm thinking of...

[Chorus]
The roses that you sent to me
All the kisses that you gave to me
Memories of what we used to be
All alone this special day (All alone)
Thinkin' 'bout the time you went away
Valentine's Day will never be the same

[Verse 2]
How come men nowadays
Bring you so much joy and so much pain?
Can't anybody help me?
I think I'm goin' insane
Valentine's Day will never be the same
'Cause I think about you always
I cherish everything you gave to me
I'm thinkin' of...

[Chorus]
The roses that you sent to me
All the kisses that you gave to me (All the kisses)
Memories of what we used to be
(Memories of what we used to be)
All alone this special day (All alone)
Thinkin' 'bout the time you went away
(Thinkin' 'bout the time you...)
Valentine's Day will never be the same

[Bridge]
You took my love for granted
Then you used me to think
That everything was fine between me and you
Every time this day comes around
I wanna feel your touch
I can't believe what you did to me
I hate you did me wrong
But still I must move on
I gotta move on

[Chorus]
The roses that you sent to me
All the kisses that you gave to me
Memories of what we used to be
(Memories of what we used to have)
All alone this special day (All alone)
Thinkin' 'bout the time you went away
(Thinkin' 'bout the time that...)
Valentine's Day will never be the same
(Never be the same)
The roses that you sent to me
All the kisses that you gave to me
Memories of what we used to be
(Memories of what we used to be, yeah)
All alone this special day (All alone)
Thinkin' 'bout the time you went away
(Thinkin' 'bout the time)
Valentine's Day will never be the same
(Never be the same)
The roses that you sent to me
All the kisses that you gave to me (All the kisses I miss)
Memories of what we used to be
(All along there was someone else)
All alone this special day
Thinkin' 'bout the time you went away
Valentine's Day will never be the same

[Outro]
Oh...

[Verse 1]
I say Young Weezy F. Baby, hottest nigga on the block
Use to really buy sickles, now I really motivite
Pop a front wheel off
Chill up in the pillow with yo girl, he got her heels up
She tryna get my ceilings
Chill when she feel, some say I'm one of them realest niggas
Them realest nigga, the illest nigga
She heal this nigga, we chill this nigga
We drinkin' not sippin', and we thinking 'bout dippin' in the Jacuzzi skinny
She get me she must repeat the procedure
Till she get me, got me good, so good till I ohh
Once she got me she gotta get Mack Maine
Cause mami he just like me, my nigga from Holly—Grove
Go inside your clothes like legs inside of pants
And speaking of breads, my shit came straight outta France
I ain't that type to dance, I can't, I really can't
I ain't, I'm really not
I'm Wayne, I'm really hot
I'm Wayne, I'm really hot
I'm Wayne, I'm really hot
I'm Wayne, I'm really hot
Tha pain, tha? Yea

[Chorus]
I'm in the game going hard, tryna get the rim
And if I got her, I'm a take one for the team
And if u fog it up, and dodge yourself off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga

[Verse 2]
Tip-toe on the sideline, get low when I see the referee
Like T.O., the eagles in my sock, I hide mine
I got my game unlock, I can find mine
Shit niggas up like a combine
Now I'm outside of the physicals like? do
I got steroids to heroine
They got me bonding with Barry who... say I'm in psycho
Mami say me loco, go crazy like winkle
Texas, like David Koresh
I'm waving a tech yea
Me, myself, I go to war with ATF yea
Be myself, ain't gotta be nobody else yea
Last one left, I cashmoney of the shelf yea
Damn, real got me so after gone
Coming for the belts, so who's the mothafuckin champion?
Modafuckin holdin' on a nigga's (? )
Standin' at the front door like
DoDoDoDo, let me in!
DoDoDoDo, let me in!
DoDoDoDo, let me in!
DoDoDoDoDoDoDo, fucker

[Chorus]
I'm in the game going hard, tryna get the rim
And if I got her, I'm a take one for the team
And if u fog it up, and dodge yourself off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga

[Verse 3]
Throw it off the backboard, tell 'em niggas line up
I yank on 'em and throw the Birdman sign up
I seen tha hot spitta, he in this off season
He got the cheerleaders, they like real even
I mean the girls kiss here even
Mehn this bird is just competition (fuck 'em)
Opposely, to the opposition (fuck 'em)
Gotta be the whelm my position
If you tryna stay in my position
Got the CEO proposition
Hey what u know about the CEO poppin' pistols
Mofucker that's the CEO proposition
Hey what u know about the CEO poppin' pistols
Tell me that boi...

[Chorus]
I'm in the game going hard, tryna get the rim
And if I got her, I'm a take one for the team
And if u fog it up, and dodge yourself off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Walk it off nigga
Go ahead be a playa, walk it off nigga
"(Chorus)
Everyday
Everyday it rains (cause things will never be the same)
It will never be the same
Everyday it rains
Things will never change cause I am not the one to blame

How can I try to make you understand?
That I only living the lie
Cause I have to walk around everyday with out a smile
Everyday it rains (cause things will never be the same)
It will never be the same
Everyday it rains
Things will never change cause I am not the one to blame

Waking every morning knowing your not there
Is the only thing that keeps me scared?
All I do is think of you and all the love we shared
Everyday
It keeps on raining in my life it rains
And Everyday is the same
Baby you brighten up my life
You brighten up my life
So realize
Let it rain on me
Everyday it rains and rains
Things will never be the same
Everyday it rains Things will never change cause
I am not the one to blame
I am not the one to blame just because it rains everyday
Oohhhh
Oh oh
Everyday it rains
Things will never change cause I am not the one to blame

I am not the one to blame
Believe me when I say it that it rains everyday
Got a cloud over me all the time
And I don't know why it rains; it rains and rains
Waking every morning knowing your not there
Is the only thing that keeps me scared?
I don't know when your coming home
But I'll be waiting with open arms
Believe me when it rains it rains for real
Things will never change for I am not the one to blame

[Intro: will.i.am & 50 Cent]
Let the beat rock, let the beat rock
Fifty
Let the beat rock, let the beat rock
Yeah
Let the beat rock, let the beat rock
Let the beat rock, let the beat rock
Let the beat rock, let the beat rock

[Verse 1: will.i.am]
Let the, I got that hit that beat that block
Keep that bass on the low
I got that ricky, ricky rock, that ricky, ricky roll
That digital spit, that visual shit
I got that boom, that boom, that, that, that

[Verse 2: 50 Cent]
(Fifty)
My trunk it go boom, boom
My Ferrari, I zoom, zoom
Burn that paper, smoke up the room
Got the strap, scrap with them goons
Get that paper that's what I do
50 stacks, man that's what I blew
In the club makin' it rain
100 G's spent on my chain
Niggas can't shine the way I shine
Me, I grind and pop my nine
See I get the semi to bussin'
I get them all to duckin'
I tell 'em all, "fuck with me, it's all or nothin'"
I don't play no games, I sip those thangs
Hennesey, Patron, Rosé, Don
Goes on and on till the early morn
Till the early morn it goes on and on

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Yo, though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, boom
Though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, boom
Though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, pow
Let the beat rock

[Bridge: Fergie]
I like that boom, boom, pow, they jacking my style
They jackin' my style, style, my style
I'm so 3008, you so 2000 and late
I got that boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
That boom, boom, boom, lemme get it now

[Verse 3: will.i.am]
Yo, I'm way up high, call me your highness (ooh)
I'm just so fly, call me yo flyness (heyy)
I be that G, call me your genius
I'm Black Eyed Pea, so baby please call me for penis
Call me chilly, call me Willy, ladies call me poppa
I propel just like propellas on 'em helicopters
Got you all intoxicated, stay on top of
Women I be swimmin' with them like my name is aqua (Man!)
And I'm flowin' like I'm liquid
Pisces is my sign and I don't eat fish sticks
Roll with felines, that be rockin' them big dicks
D motherfuckin' D, only fuck with chicks wit
(Booty!) Come on honey, let ya D's rock
OG homies know me cause I make the beat knock
Black Eyed Peas and 50 got them chickens, wanna eat cock
I'll be scoopin' groupies, get them loopy when that beat rock

[Chorus: will.i.am]
Yo, thought that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, boom
Though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, boom
Though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, pow
Let the beat rock

[Bridge: Fergie]
I like that boom, boom, pow, they jackin' my style
They jackin' my style, style, my style
I'm so 3008, you so 2000 and late
I got that boom, boom, boom, boom, boom
That boom, boom, boom, lemme get it now

[Verse 4: Taboo]
Yall hear that spaceship, zoom
Yall stuck on super 8 ish
HD

[Breakdown: Fergie]
People in the place
Put your hands up in the air

[Outro: will.i.am]
Yo, let the beat rock, boom
Though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, boom
Though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock, pow
Though that's the way we, way we let the beat rock

[Spoken Intro]
I wanna dedicate this song
To all the women, all over the world
That have to still deal with this issue
You know I've been there too
I had to deal with it with you
But come on now ladies, how many times he got to say her name?
Listen...

[Verse 1]
You came home late last night
You smelled just like the scent of her
Not only that but you had lipstick all over your shirt
I'm thinking to myself
This man has no respect for me
I knew it all along 'cause you were talking in your sleep

[Chorus]
It's a wrap (It's a wrap)
Why you go and do me like that?
(Why you wanna do me like that?)
I thought the love was good
(Thought the love was good)
But I misunderstood, baby
(I misunderstood)
It's a wrap (It's a wrap)
And I am not surprised
(Said I'm not surprised)
How you could sit right here (How you could sit right here)
And look me in my eyes and tell a lie

[Post-Chorus]
I heard you callin' her name (Heard you callin' her name)
In your sleep last night (In your sleep last night)
What are we gonna do? (What are we gonna do?)
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you callin' her name (Heard you call her name)
In your sleep last night (In your sleep last night)
What are we gonna do? (What are we gonna do?)
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you

[Verse 2]
What you were saying in your sleep
It violated me
No doubt about it
But there's nothing left for you and me
Because you're busted
And I might as well go on
Boy, it's gonna take a long time
To make this a happy home
You know

[Chorus]
It's a wrap (Yeah)
Why you go and do me like that?
(Why you wanna do me like that?)
I thought the love was good
(Thought the love was good)
But I misunderstood, baby
(But I misunderstood)
It's a wrap (It's a wrap)
And I am not surprised
(Said I'm not surprised)
How you could sit right here (You could sit right here)
And look me in my eyes and tell a lie

[Post-Chorus]
I heard you callin' her name (Heard you callin' her name)
In your sleep last night (In your sleep last night)
What are we gonna do?
(What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?)
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you callin' her name (Heard you callin' her name)
In your sleep last night (In your sleep last night)
What are we gonna do? (What are we gonna do?)
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you

[Bridge]
All you had to do was say (All you had to do was say)
I don't wanna be with you (I don't wanna be with you)
Why don't you tell the truth? (Why don't you tell the truth?)
'Cause I already got the proof (I already got the proof)
It'll never be the same (It'll never be the same)
You know it's crying shame (It's a crying shame)
Because now I am disgusted (So digusted)
You are so busted

I heard you callin' her name (I heard you callin' her name, yeah yeah)
In your sleep last night (In your sleep last night)
What are we gonna do?
(What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?)
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you callin' her name (You called her)
In your sleep last night (Over and over again)
What are we gonna do? (Over and over and over)
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you callin' her name (I washed my hands with you)
In your sleep last night (I'm so so through)
What are we gonna do?
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you callin' her name (I heard you call her name)
In your sleep last night (In your sleep last night)
What are we gonna do?
'Cause I'm through with you
I heard you

[Chorus]
Why you go and do me like that?
I thought the love was good
But I misunderstood, baby
It's a wrap (It's a wrap)
And I am not surprised
How you could sit right here
And look me in my eyes and tell a lie

[Verse 1]
It's starting to rain again
Everything's gone now
Even the sun
It's starting to rain again
Don't go away
What have I done? Mmm

[Pre-Chorus]
I've been high and I've been low
I've been wealthy and I've been poor
I don't know much, but one thing I know
This ain't no fun, mmm, mmm

[Chorus]
Sometimes I wish that I can stand here and fade away
(Sometimes) Oh
So that no one could see the tears running down my face
(Sometimes) Oh, invisibility would be great

[Verse 2]
I painted a picture with her in his arms, mmm
It's starting to rain again
It's all in my mind
He's done me no harm, mmm

[Pre-Chorus]
I've been up and I've been down
Through all my drama, he's still around
I can't believe that even now
I put us through the storm, oh, oh

[Chorus]
Sometimes I wish that I can stand here and fade away
(Sometimes) Oh, oh
So that no one could see the tears running down my face
(Sometimes) Oh, invisibility would be great

[Bridge]
Couldn't look at myself in the mirror
Asking myself "How dumb could you be?"
Maybe everything would be much clearer
If no one could see me, mmm
Oh yeah
Invisibility would be great, yeah, yeah, oh, oh

[Chorus]
Sometimes I wish that I can stand here and fade away
(Sometimes) Oh, oh oh
So that no one could see the tears running down my face
(Sometimes) Hey, hey
Sometimes I wish that I can stand here and fade away
(Sometimes) Oh, oh oh
So that no one could see the tears running down my face
(Sometimes) Invisibility would be great

[Verse 1]
I don't ask for too many things
Only one thing I really need
That is you baby next to me
With that I'm satisfied
Don't need diamonds
I don't need gold
I just need someone here to hold
To keep me warm when the nights are cold
That would do just fine, just fine

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't have to promise me the stars
Just promise me love, inside your heart
And that's enough
Baby that's enough

[Chorus]
(Give me you)
Give me you, give me all of you
(Give me night)
All my nights spent just holding you
(Give me day)
All my days being close to you
Nothing else that I need
(Give me you)
Give me you, give me all your love
(Give me time)
All your time, all your tender time
(All your heart)
All your soul baby that's enough
Nothing else that I need
Give me you, give me you
That's enough for me baby

[Verse 2]
Hmmm
I don't need things that money buys
All I need is there in your eyes
I just need your heart next to mine
All my whole life through

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't have to bring the moon to me
Just bring me the love
The love that I need
And that's enough
Ooh baby that's enough

[Chorus]
(Give me you)
Give me you, give me all of you
(Give me night)
All my nights spent just holding you
(Give me day)
All my days being close to you
Nothing else that I need
(Give me you)
Give me you, give me all your love
(Give me time)
All your time, all your tender time
(All your heart)
All your soul baby that's enough
Nothing else that I need
Give me you, give me you
That's enough for me baby

[Bridge]
You don't have to promise me the stars
Just promise me that I have your heart
You don't have to bring the world to me
Just give me your word, you will never leave
Cause having you beside me, I have everything I need
So give me, give me you

[Chorus]
(Give me you)
(Give me night)
All my nights spent just holding you
(Give me day)
All my days being close to you
Nothing else that I need, oh
(Give me you)
Give me you, give me all your love
(Give me time)
All your time, all your tender time
(All your heart)
All your soul baby that's enough
That's enough, nothing else that I need
Give me you, give me you
That's enough for me baby, yeah
Give me you

[Verse 1]
I try my best to keep you here
But it's hard to hold a shadow
You said goodbye but I couldn't hear
Too busy praying for a miracle

[Chorus]
And you left me on my knees
You just walked out the door
You didn't even have the decency to intervene
While I was begging God for you to love me

[Verse 2]
I prayed about us every night, mhmm
Boy, I know you had to hear me
You could've stopped me then and told the truth
But instead, you put a pillow over your head

[Chorus]
Oh, and you left me on my knees, yeah
You just walked out the door, babe
You didn't even have the decency to intervene
While I was begging God for you to love me

[Bridge]
You should have told me it was useless
That I was praying empty prayers, yeah
But you hopped in your car, pulled out your keys
While you were leaving, I was begging God for you to love me
And I know that he has something better to do
Than to sit and listen to a broken-hearted fool
Could've been saving the world from a tragedy
But instead he was listening to me
I was asking, beggin' for a sign
To bring comfort to this lonely heart of mine
But apparently you're not what I need
I guess you walking out was him answering

[Chorus]
You left me on my knees, baby
You just walked out the door
You didn't even have the decency to intervene
While I was begging God for you to love me

[Outro]
I try my best to keep you here
But it's hard to hold a shadow
So beautiful, you are, yeah
Soooooooo
Yes, you are
You're so...

[Chorus:]
Beautiful
Now you're near
In my life
Oh my dear
Beautiful
Come to me
Now I have-
Someone watching over me

[Verse 1:]
All my days and nights so lonely
'Til you came into my life
You came and brought my life back to me
Cause I was dying deep inside
You brought the light
And my life was so dark
You took the fight
And you made it your own
I realy love you
No other love can measure up
To the love that you give to me
And with all this love comes trust

You're so...

[Chorus:]
Beautiful
Now you're near
In my life
Oh my dear

[Verse 2:]
I opened up my arms to greet you
With unconditional love
Tender sweet is he that helps me
Leave my problems all behind

(Baby come to me)
Baby come to me. You know that I will set you free
(Promise it will be)
Promise it will be an expirience for you and me
(Something beautiful)
Let me take you to a place where there is understanding
Where love flows unselfishly and never ever demanding
(So beautiful...)
So beautiful
(...Since you came into my life)

[Chorus:]
Beautiful
Now you're near
In my life
Oh my dear
Beautiful
Now you're near
In my life
Oh my dear

During Chorus:
Now you're near
In my life
All my fears
Beautiful, Beautiful, yeahh
Come to me
Someone's watching over me
Someone's watching over me
Someone's watching over me
Come to me
Someone's watching o... ver me
(Since you came into my life)

Ooohhh, so beautiful
(If I had a dream, it would be... so beautiful)
I wanna say... that I love you
Oh, the love you give
All the love you give to me
All my days and nights so lonely
And it's so, soooo beautiful
But now I have a friend that I can talk to, yeah
(If I had a dream, it would be... so beautiful)

You're so beautiful

Beautiful
Now you're near
In my life
Oh my dear

You're so beautiful
You are so beautiful
You're so beautiful
You are so beautiful

You're the only love I know
Beautiful
You're the only love I know
Beautiful
You're the reason why I live
Beautiful
You're the reason why I wanna give you everything
(Since you came into my life)
(Since you came into my life)
(Since you came into my life)

[Intro]
(You know that I don't ever want to leave you)
I wanna be with you
(Does he care for you? Does he want you?)
I wanna be with you
(Does he even care?)

[Verse 1]
I can't deal with the fact that
You don't want me around
Why you wanna see me down?
It's so unusual
That you don't love me no more
Why you wanna close the door?

[Pre-Chorus]
I spent all my days and all my nights with you
Just tell me what am I gonna do without you
If loving you is so right
Tell me how I'll make it through the night
You know that I don't ever wanna leave you

[Chorus]
(I wanna be with you)
I just wanna be with you
Nothing else I'd rather do
(I wanna be with you)
I want to spend my life with you

[Verse 2]
Let's take this time to think about
What was said and done
Now tell me why you had to run
Away from me
Now I can't sleep at night
Why we have to fight?

[Pre-Chorus]
Every day from you, I look and I see something new
Now tell me what I got to do to get this through to you
It's the little things you do for me
That make me very happy
You know that I don't wanna leave you

[Chorus]
(I wanna be with you)
I just wanna be with you
There's nothing else I'd rather do
(I wanna be with you)
I just wanna be with you, be with you, be with you, yeah yeah

[Bridge]
(I wanna be with you)
It seems like each and ever time I come around
You don't want me there
And it's beginning to make me so scared
(I wanna be with you)
So scared that I might lose you
All I wanna do is be with you baby, baby, baby, baby boy

[Outro]
(I wanna be with you)
Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah
(I wanna be with you)
I just wanna pick up the phone, yeah
And, oh, it's you, you, you, ooh ooh, yeah
(I wanna be with you)
Ooh ooh ooh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah
(I wanna be with you)
Oh, I wanna be with you
Oh baby, let me be with you, yeah
I need to be with you all day long
(I wanna be with you)
(Lil Wayne: talking)
Lloyd I got you
Yeah

(Lil Wayne:)
Ok, Im Weezy baby
And I am from the south where we call all our women baby
Hey baby, hey baby, all day i say hey, hey, hey
I ballin like Fade-A-Way, 3 letter credit A OK
Black car, black car, girl I got a black car
Can I buy some of your time and charge it to my black card
You can be my bittersweet, shake that sugar and salt

Chain full of asphalt, bullshit walks, cash talks
Car black, car big, car fast, Car-ter
Can I stick my pencil in your sharpner
Beat it up like its a drum, call me Travis Barker
Tat tat tat, boom boom, tat tat, boom boom, tat tat Brrrrrrrr Pshhh

(Lloyd:)
All I really want is for you to back it up gon and put your weight on it
Cuz its all right, do what you wanna, make me believe it
Ooo I wanna see ya get it shawty, get it shawty, get it shawty
Soo g-g-get it shawty, get it shawty, get it shawty

[Verse 1]
Many are called but the chosen are few
The best of the few is you
You know exactly what to do
Baby, your time is so perfect
Why in the hell I deserve it?
Keep on doin' what you do

[Chorus]
No one else (No)
No one else (No, no)
Can do me like you do me
No one else
No, no one else
Can do me like you do me

[Verse 2]
Happy 1 plus happy 1 is 2
Happy 2 are me and you
Our love was meant to be
Yes, we have our up's and down's
But somehow we came around
And we made each other love so free

[Pre-Chorus]
Can't lie
'Cause I'm satisfied
Yes, I'm satisfied
Even when I cry (Even when I cry)
Won't stray
Stray away from you (I won't stray)
I would be a fool (No, baby)
You know these words are true

[Chorus]
No one else (No one)
No one else (Nobody)
Can do me like you do me
(Can do me like you do me)
No one else
No, no one else
Can do me like you do me

[Bridge]
"There is no competition"
"There is no competition"
"There is no competition"
"There is no competition"
"There is no competition"
"There is no competition"

[Pre-Chorus]
Can't lie
'Cause I'm satisfied (Satisfied)
Yes, I'm satisfied (Oh, ooh)
Even when I cry (Even when I cry)
Won't stray
Stray away from you (I won't stray)
I would be a fool (No way)
You know these words are true (So true)

[Chorus]
No one else (No one)
No one else (No one)
Can do me like you do me
(Can do me like you do me)
No one else
No, no one else (Ooh)
Can do me like you do me (Oh oh)

No one else
No one else
Can do me like you do me (No)
No one else
No, no one else
Can do me like you do me (No one can do me...)
No one else (No one)
No one else (I said there's nobody...)
Can do me like you do me
(...that can do me the way you do me, yeah)
No one else
No, no one else
Can do me like you do me
("There is no competition")

No one else ("There is no competition")
No one else ("There is no competition")
Can do me like you do me
("There is no competition")
No one else ("There is no competition")
No, no one else ("There is no competition")
Can do me like you do me

[Intro]
Yeah yeah yeah, oh oh oh
(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)
Yeah yeah yeah, oh oh oh
(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)

[Verse 1]
Babe, every since we've been together it's been great
And I can really see myself with you forever
I said hey, I'm pretty much okay
But I still must say if we gon' stay solid then
Hey, there's a few little things
That I've been meaning to bring to your attention, partner

[Chorus]
If you love me like you say you do
(Hold me, show me, act like I'm really the one)
Aw babe, if you love me like you say you do
(Kiss me, fix me up like I'm all that you got)
Yeah, you like to (Tell me)
That you changed but (That's alright)
(I'd rather see) In your actions 'cause (They don't lie)
So if you love me like you say you do
(Then you really hear me) Ooh (Feel me)

[Verse 2]
Now for the past three weeks you've been dipping, slipping, running 'round
Through the city, through the town
Wait, what you doing?
If you wanna be with me
(Act like you) Be with me
What I look like waiting round?
(Stop, let me tell you, boy)
Hey, I'm digging your ambition
Like that you're on a mission
Then I wouldn't be trippin'
But hey, you know that love gets tested
And I expect for you to treat me the best, yeah

[Chorus]
If you love me like you say you do
(Hold me, show me, act like I'm really the one)
Aw babe, if you love me like you say you do
(Kiss me, fix me up like I'm all that you got)
Oh, you like to (Tell me)
That you changed but (That's alright)
(I'd rather see) In your actions 'cause (They don't lie)
So if you love me like you say you do
(Then you really hear me, feel me) Yeah

[Bridge]
See, you gotta remember the way that you got me
'Cause that's the way you'll remember the way to keep me
Spend some time, make me smile
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Ladies, help me sing
You gotta remember the way that you got me
'Cause that's the way you'll remember the way to keep me
(Oh, you gotta, you gotta)
Spend some time, make me smile
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Chorus]
If you love me like you say you do
(Hold me, show me, act like I'm really the one)
Oh boy, if you love me like you say you do
(Kiss me, fix me up like I'm all that you got)
Yeah, you like to (Tell me)
That you changed but (That's alright)
(I'd rather see) In your actions 'cause (They don't lie)
So if you love me like you say you do
(Then you really hear me, feel me) Yeah

[Outro]
Yeah yeah yeah, oh oh oh
(Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes)

[Verse 1]
Boy, if you stay
I'll always make sure that you look to see a brighter day
Don't let our lovin' slip away
The things you do, they always make me feel
Like there's no one else but you
Promise you'll be true
Always

[Chorus]
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
Whenever you need me near
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
So baby, don't you have no fear

[Verse 2]
To be with you would be like paradise
Everything would be so nice (so nice), so right (so right)
The joy you bring to me makes me feel so good inside
It's so right (so right), I'm so high
Just thinking about you
And my feelings I just can't hide

[Chorus]
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
Whenever you need me near
Share my world (Come share my world)
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
So baby, don't you have no fear

[Bridge]
I don't know what I would do (Would do)
Without you (you)
When I'm down and out, I think about (All the love)
The love you, love you give to me
All the love you give to me
I'm so happy
So share, share my world

[Chorus]
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
Whenever you need me near
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
So baby, don't you have no fear (Baby, have no fear)
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
Whenever you need me near
Share my world (Ooh, la, la, la)
Don't you leave (Won't you share my world)
Promise I'll be here (Won't you share my world)
So baby, don't you have no fear (Won't you share my...)

Share my world (Ooh, la la la)
Don't you leave (Won't you share my world)
Promise I'll be here (Won't you share my world)
Whenever you need me near (Won't you share my...)

[Bridge 2]
Ooh, la la la
Won't you share my world (Come share my world)
Won't you share my world (Won't you share my world)
Won't you share my...
Ooh, la la la
Won't you share my world (Come share my world)
Won't you share my world (Won't you share my world)
Won't you share my...

[Chorus]
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
So baby, don't you have no fear
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
Whenever you need me near
Share my world
Don't you leave
Promise I'll be here
So baby, don't you have no fear

[Spoken Intro]
You know when you
Finally find that person that
Makes you feel like you're really alive
Like you're somebody, like you mean something to the world

Feels so good to be loved
Yes it does
Ooh, ooh

[Verse 1]
Feels so good to see
You right here with me
Safe is what I feel when you're around
Strong but sensitive
When you're touching me
The simple things from you is what I need

[Chorus]
You will always be a special part of me
(Boy, you'll always be a special part of me)
Boy, you make me feel like someone does love me
(Make me feel like I'm alive) I'm in love
No one ever gave me what you give to me
(Nobody ever paid attention to me, baby)
You turned a little girl into the woman I should be
I'm in love

[Verse 2]
Boy, you really turn me on
Even when something's wrong
Is there anything that I can do for you, baby
I just wanna comfort you
There's nothing I'd rather do
You make me feel so good I wanna cry
All the time

[Chorus]
You will always be a special part of me
(You will always be, yeah, baby)
Boy, you make me feel like someone does love me
(You make me feel like I'm alive, baby) I'm in love
No one ever gave me what you give to me
(Nobody ever made me feel like I was pretty, boy)
You turned a little girl into the woman I should be
I'm in love

[Bridge]
Oh baby, hold me
(Baby hold me)
Don't let go of me
(Don't let go of me baby, baby, yeah)
Baby, hold me
(Boy, you better hold me)
Don't let go of me
(Don't let go, oh)
Baby hold me
Don't let go of me
(Don't let go, don't let go)
Baby hold me
(Oh, baby, hold me)
Don't let go of me
(Don't let go, you)

[Chorus]
You will always be a special part of me
(You'll always be, you'll always be, oh)
Boy, you make me feel like someone does love me
(You wiped all my tears away, yeah) I'm in love
No one ever gave me what you give to me
(Nobody ever gave me, gave me real love, boy)
You turned a little girl into the woman I should be
I'm in love

[Intro]
Oh, no no no...

[Verse 1]
I know
That you're just a man
But you're all the man I need
And I know
That you care and you'll never leave
No, you'll never leave

[Chorus]
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay (I wanna stay)
I'll try to wait (I'll try to wait)
On you my dear
My love's sincere

[Verse 2]
You promised
That you never would cheat or lie
Lie to me, don't lie to me, babe
And you promised
That you'd trust and believe in me
Please believe in me

[Bridge]
Unnecessary pain (Pain is pain)
Now tell me who would get the pain? (You know it hurts)
If we should go astray
What would we do?
What could we say?

[Chorus]
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay
I'll try to wait
On you my dear
My love's sincere
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay (I wanna stay)
I'll try to wait (I'll try to wait)
On you my dear (On you my dear)
My love's sincere (oh, oh)
I love you so (Baby, you know, baby, you know)
I can't let go (Baby, you know, baby, you know)
You know it's real (I wanna stay)
The way I feel (I wanna stay forever and a day)
I want to stay
I'll try to wait
On you my dear
My love's sincere
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay
I'll try to wait
On you my dear
My love's sincere

[Outro]
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try? (Why, why, why, why, why?)
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try
Come on y'all let's get free, you feel me? (I might give up)
You see I've seen a lot of things
Seen people come and go, seen people die
Seen people hurt and cry...
See cause life is a journey
And in this journey I'm learning to love me
So I can get free, you feel me? (I might give out)
Free, I just wanna be free... (I might give out)
I wanna be free
Free from all the things that tear me down (I wanna be free)
Free from all the lies the stress and doubt (I wanna be free)
Free from all the bondage and captivity (I wanna be free)
Free from always being my own worst enemy (I wanna be free)
It will never be easy for you and me
Never be easy, never be easy
Painful answers unless we don't want to be free
We all want to be free
We all want to be free
I want to be free
I want to be free (I might give out)
I want to be free
I want to be free (I might give out)

[Intro]
You know I love music
And every time I hear something hot
It makes me wanna move
It makes me wanna have fun
But it's something about this joint right here
This joint right here
Its makes me wanna.... Woo!

[Verse 1]
Let it go...
Can't let this thing called love get away from you
Feel free right now, go do what you want to do
Can't let nobody take it away, from you, from me, from we
No time for moping around, are you kidding?
And no time for negative vibes, cause I'm winning
It's been a long week, I put in my hardest
Gonna live my life, feels so good to get it right

[Chorus]
So I like what I see when I'm looking at me
When I'm walking past the mirror
Don't stress through the night, at a time in my life
Ain't worried about if you feel it
Got my head on straight, I got my vibe right
I ain't gonna let you kill it
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just...

[Post-Chorus]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just fine

[Verse 2]
Feels so good
When you're doing all the things that you want to do
Get the best out of life, treat yourself to something new
Keep your head up high
In yourself, believe in you, believe in me
Having a really good time, I'm not complaining
And I'm a still wear a smile if it's raining
I got to enjoy myself regardless
I appreciate life, I'm so glad that it's fine

[Chorus]
So I like what I see when I'm looking at me
When I'm walking past the mirror
Ain't worried about you and what you gonna do
I'm a lady so I must stay classy
Got to keep it hot, keep it together
If I want to get better
See I wouldn't change my life, my life's just...

[Post-Chorus]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
See I won't change my life, my life's just fine

[Bridge]
I ain't gon' let nothing get in my way
(I ain't gone let nobody bring me down, no, no, no)
No matter what nobody has to say (No way, no way, no way)
I ain't gon' let nothing get in my way
No matter what nobody has to say
Feels so good, when you're doing all the things that you want to do
Get the best out of life, treat yourself to something new
It's a really good thing to say
That I won't change my life, my life's just...

[Post-Chorus]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
See I won't change my life, my life's just fine

[Chorus]
So I like what I see when I'm looking at me
When I'm walking past the mirror
Don't stress through the night, at a time in my life
Ain't worried about if you feel it
Got my head on straight, I got my vibe right
I ain't gonna let you kill it
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just...

[Outro]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just fine

[Intro]
Hey no ... noo oooooh
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am

[Verse 1]
When your out at night and your in the streets
And you have time to yourself
Think of all the love that you get from me
That you can't find nowhere else
When your far away and I'm not around
And temptation fills your heart
Think of all the ways that I'm faithful babe
To replace me would be hard
Cause ain't nobody

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
(No, nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
(No)
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Verse 2]
You can try to act single if you wanna
You can go ahead and mingle if you wanna
You can even behave like you don't care
But you know (but you know)
Like I know (like I know)
That you ain't that foolish
Who you foolin'?
You won't ruin
What's been here all along, you ain't movin'
From what you've got at home

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
(No, nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
(No)
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Bridge]
I just want you to know
Baby I love you so
There is no need to go lookin' for nothin more
Cause I've got everything you'll ever need right here
But if you feel that you need to leave
Just know!!

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Ain't nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
As I am
As I am
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
(Nobody, nobody)
As I am
(Nobody, nobody)
As I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
Uh-huh, eh-heh
Lay back on this one (yeah, you know how I do baby)

You only a customer
When you walkin in the presence of hust-lers
Uhh, I'm laid back in the cinnamon Range
Two decades and ain't a damn thing changed
Keep my girl, in strawberry swirls
You can taste it, my instict's basic
Lord have mercy, sweet like Hershey
Kisses, diamonds for the misses, ices on the wrist-es
All different colors of the spectrum
The smallest flaw and I reject 'em
Believe me I'm a conniseur when I inspect 'em
I baguettes them, invisibly sets them
They call me big L-ly Wonka from Compton to Yonkers
Them Chi-Town steppers and them A-Town stompers
These young rookies, fail to understand
Every summer I return like the ice cream man
Drop what you doin, get-it get-it while you can
By the eighth, by the ounce, when it's gone I'ma bounce
It's the F-L-A-V, no if's or maybe's
You know what I do, drive your tastebuds crazy
Like lemondrops with chocolate kisses
Every bite is more delicious
My favorite flavor
(Mix me and you and we can't go wrong)
Like caramel on vanilla sundae
Have a scoop you'll want some day
Cause you're my favorite flavor
(C'mon, baby baby c'mon) c'mon

My flavor's unreal
Smooth but hard like woodgrain on the wheel
Recline your seat baby, enjoy how it feel

Why you crossin your legs, them high heels of eel?
Kick off your shoes, run your toes on the dash
Now peel off your stockings, c'mon let's get it poppin
I'm in the mood for cotton, candy and I'm plottin
To see you in somethin silky and see-through
Me too! Man you know how we do
Camcorder main feature, damn a preview
I love how the bottom on your body's EQ
Low but thick though like the base in a six-fo'
So here we go (here we go) we bunny hoppin
I hit the switches baby, you keep it droppin
It feels marvelous, you in charge of this
I hope you ain't heartless but my guard's now regardless
Like lemondrops with chocolate kisses
Every bite is more delicious
My favorite flavor
(Mix me and you and we can't go wrong)
Like caramel on vanilla sundae
Have a scoop you'll want some day
Cause you're my favorite flavor
(C'mon, baby baby c'mon) c'mon

(Uhh) All I wanna do
Is eat you up cause you look so good
(Think I look alright huh?)
(I look better on you, what'chu really wanna do?)
All I wanna do
Is show you boy that I taste good too
(I know you taste good ma)
(What'chu sayin, want a sprinkle of the hood ha? Ha?)

We had it out
Now tell your girls the truth when they ask what I'm about
The cookies and the cream and the peaches 'n praline
Butter pecan themes in your daydreams
All real sugar, no sacca-rhine
Low calorie leave no cavities
Guaranteed no place you'd rather be
Than here with me, mix chocolate in the factory
Like lemondrops with chocolate kisses
Every bite is more delicious
My favorite flavor
(Mix me and you and we can't go wrong)
Like caramel on vanilla sundae
Have a scoop you'll want some day
Cause you're my favorite flavor
(C'mon, baby baby c'mon) c'mon

Ba-bee
You need coolin' baby, I'm not foolin'
I'm gonna say it, yeah, back to schoolin'
Way down inside, honey, you'll need it
I'm gonna give you my love, I'm gonna give you my love

Oh, want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
I want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love

You've been learnin', baby, I mean learnin'
All those good times, baby, I've been yearnin'
Way down inside, honey, you'll need it
I'm gonna give you my love, I'm gonna give you my love

Oh, want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
I want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love

You need coolin', baby, I've been droolin'
All the good times, baby, I've been misusin'
Way, way down inside, I'm gonna give you my love
I'm gonna give you my love, I'm gonna give you every bit of my love
Oh, want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
I want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love

Way down inside, honey, you'll need me
Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
I want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love

Want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
I want a whole lotta love
Want a whole lotta love
MARY:
Don't wish it away
Don't look at it like it's forever
Between you and me I can honestly say
That things will only get better

And while I'm away
Dust out the demons inside
And it won't be long before you and me run
To the place in our hearts where we hide

And I guess that's why they call it the blues
Time on my hands should be time spent with you
Laughing like children, living like lovers
Rolling like thunder under the covers
And I guess that's why they call it the blues

ELTON:
Just stare into space
Picture my face in your hands
Live for each second without hesitation
And never forget I'm your man, Mary Mary
Wait on me girl
Cry in the night if it helps
But more than ever I simply love you
More than I love life itself

Mary:
And I guess that's why they call it the blues
Time on my hands should be time spent with you
Laughing like children, living like lovers
Rolling like thunder under the covers
And I guess that's why they call it the blues

Mary:
Wait on me boy (EJ:Wait on me girl)
I Want You To Cry in the night if it helps(yeah)
But more than ever I simply love you
More than I love life itself

Both:
And I guess that's why they call it the blues
Time on my hands (time on my hands) should be time spent with you
Laughing like children (laughing like children), living like lovers
Rolling like thunder under the covers
And I guess that's why they call it the blues

Laughing like children
Living like lovers Elton, living like lovers
And I guess that's why they call it the blues

And I guess that's why they call it the blues
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
(Oh, oh, oh, oh)
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
(Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Oooo (oh, oh, oh, oh) oooo

Chemistry was crazy from the get-go
Neither one of us knew why
We didn't build nothing overnight
'Cuz a love like this takes some time

People swore it off as a phase
Said we can't see that
Now from top to bottom
They see that we did that (yes)

It's so true that (yes)
We've been through it (yes)
We got real shit (yes)
See baby we been...
Too strong for too long (and I can't be without you baby)
And I'll be waiting up until you get home ('cuz I can't sleep without you baby)
Anybody who's ever loved, ya know just what I feel
Too hard to fake it, nothing can replace it
Call the radio if you just can't be without your baby

I got a question for ya
See I already know the answer
But still I wanna ask you
Would you lie? (no)

Make me cry? (no)
Do somethin' behind my back and then try to cover it up?
Well, neither would I, baby
My love is only your love (yes)

I'll be faithful (yes)
I'm for real (yes)
And with us you'll always know the deal
We've been...

Too strong for too long (and I can't be without you baby)
And I'll be waiting up until you get home (cuz I can't sleep without you baby)
Anybody who's ever loved, ya know just what I feel
Too hard to fake it, nothing can replace it
Call the radio if you just can't be without your baby
See this is real talk
I'm always stay (no matter what)
Good or bad (thick and thin)
Right or wrong (all day, every day)

Now if you're down on love or don't believe
This ain't for you (no, this ain't for you)
And if you got it deep in your heart
And deep down you know that it's true (come on, come on, come on)
Well, let me see you put your hands up (hands up)

Fellas tell your lady she's the one (fellas tell your lady she's the one, oh)
Put your hands up (hands up)
Ladies let him know he's got your love
Look him right in his eyes and tell him
We've been...

Too strong for too long (and I can't be without you baby)
And I'll be waiting up until you get home ('cuz I can't sleep without you baby)
Anybody who's ever loved, ya know just what I feel
Too hard to fake it, nothing can replace it
Call the radio if you just can't be without your baby

Heeeeeeeeeeeey ohhhhhhhhhhhhh
Heeeeeeeeeeeey ohhhhhhhhhhhhh
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
You gave me something
I understand
You gave me loving in the palm of my hand

I can't tell you how I feel
My heart is like a wheel
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you

I want to tell you
And now's the time
I want to tell you that you're going to be mine

I can't tell you how I feel
My heart is like a wheel
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you
I can't tell you how I feel
My heart is like a wheel
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you

You gave me something
I understand
You gave me loving in the palm of my hand

I can't tell you how I feel
My heart is like a wheel
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you
Let me roll it
Let me roll it to you

[Intro]
Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you
Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you
Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you
Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you
Look at my heart floating away

[Verse 1]
He's the kind of guy that would say
"Hey baby, let's get away let's go some place far"
Well, I don't care
He's the kind of guy that you give your everything
Your trust, your heart, share all of your love, 'til death do you part

I wanna be what he wants me, when he wants me
And whenever he needs me
And when he's lonesome and feelin' love starved
I'll be there to feed him
I'm givin' him a little bit more each day
He turns me right on when I hear him say
Hey baby, let's get away, let's go somewhere far
Baby, can we?
Well, I don't care
Hey baby, let's get away, let's go somewhere far
Baby, can we?
Well, I don't care

I wanna be where he wants me, when he wants me
And whenever he needs me
And when he's lonesome and feelin' love starved
I'll be there to feed him
Lovin' him a little bit more each day
It turns me right on just to hear him say, ooh

Hey baby, let's get away, let's go somewhere far
Baby, can we?
Well, I don't care, oh
Hey baby, let's get away, let's go somewhere far
Baby, can we?
Well, I don't care
Where you wanna go?

Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you
Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you
Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you
Day dreamin' and I'm thinkin' of you

[Verse 1]
Take my hand
Lead me to another place
I never been
I wanna be, be released, set me free
I'm not talking about letting me go
But I'm just talking 'bout pulling me close
To where I bodies are becoming as one
Turn off the lights 'cause, boy, we've just begun, oh

[Chorus]
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
(I feel like makin' sweet, sweet love to you)
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight

[Verse 2]
Here I am
I'm all yours for tonight
But every night
It could be you and I for a lifetime
Could have stayed all to myself
And play the game like everybody else
But boy I want you and that's no lie
Because you keep me so satisfied

[Chorus]
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
(Hey baby, come make me feel alright)

[Bridge]
It would be nice if you spend the night
(It would be nice)
Ain't nothing if you're treating me right
Why don't we take it nice and slow?
(Take it nice and slow)
Hold on tight and baby don't let go
(Baby, hold on)
It would be nice if you spend the night
Ain't nothing if you're treating me right
Why don't we take it nice and slow?
(Take it nice and slow)
Hold on tight and baby don't let go
(Hold on, hold on, here we go)

[Chorus]
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
(I feel like, I feel like makin' love to my baby)

[Bridge]
It would be nice if you spend the night
(It would be nice)
Ain't nothing if you're treating me right
(Ain't nothing wrong with you holding me, boy)
Why don't we take it nice and slow?
(Take it nice and slow)
Hold on tight and baby don't let go
(Better hold on tight)
It would be nice if you spend the night
(It's gonna be a long night, hey hey)
Ain't nothing if you're treating me right
(Ain't nothing wrong with you treating me)
Why don't we take it nice and slow?
(Ooh, take it nice and slow, nice and slow)
Hold on tight and baby don't let go

[Chorus]
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Feel like makin' love all through the night
All through the night, come hold me tight
Mary...Mary...Mary
Live ya life girl

Whoa, love is all we need
'Cause everybody needs love

Love is all we need
To make everything complete
If we try to live together and be happy
You and me are one
And we've only just begun
So let's make a new beginning and have some fun

Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Dealing with tough times
Seems to always blow my mind
But I know where my heart is so I am fine (Live ya life girl!)
If we remain friends
It would never ever end
On this love I give to you, you can depend
Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need
To make every little thing complete, yeah, yeah
Oh, if you would trust in me
I would let you know that I love you

Love is all we need
(said I love you, said I love you)
(Oh, Lord knows that we need it, said we need it, said we need it)
Love is all we need
(Oh said it's all we need...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, come on)
'Cause everybody need love

Feel this hit banging in your residential district
Presidents you checked out
Canary rock sizzlin'
Mary's hop hop
Cris shorty got this
Fly angel
My dreams of a queen came true in this land that's dark
If you my man and you my heart
I blast for you
Need bail put up the cash for you
Girls who mad loyal die for you
Leave them if they acting too fly for you
All up in your mix then in somebody else six
Quick to put your name in some murder one shit
I'm not the one cheatin' on you or beatin' on you
'Cause I'm laid back you thought that I was sleeping on you?
Real love make a ill thug feel bug
Nas analyze, are you trustworthy by the looks in your eye?
Stay with me
Be my dog like dollar and Richie
She convinced me
All we really need is love, strictly
Love is all we need...'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need to make everything complete
I want to be happy yeah, want to be happy
Love is all we need, and I know that it can be done
If we can love, if we can love, everybody needs love

'Cause everybody need love!
Oh Oh Oh Oh oooooh Oh

Now baby lately we work all day
We work all night
We get no play
We don't spend time
All we do now is dine
And then pass each other and I... (I can't live this way)
Now I'm maybe the first to go back and reverse
The way that it's been put it all to an end
Let me rub you on your back
Tell me do you like that
Let's experience something different boy

And whatever you need me
To do for you baby what ever it is I'll be
And we can start this love over
Won't you come closer
Lelax and let me be

You got so use to me boy
Tell me what can I do (what can I do)
And if I need to change it up for you
To make this brand new
I know been on this same routine
But I'll switch up my game for you baby
(I'll switch it up for you boy)
Tell what can I do for you (what can I do)
To make this brand new
Baby today is your day you can have it your way
(so put your feet up so I can show you how much)
Your love means to me wanna give you a treat
(ain't nothing stopping us until the sun comes up)
And baby won't (you let me cater to you)
And baby (later we can rondevu)
And baby (I don't wanna let you go)
So baby (maybe we should take it slow)

And whatever you need me (yeah)
To do for you baby what ever it is I'll be
And we can start this love over (over)
Won't you come closer
Relax and let me be

You got so use to me boy
Tell me what can I do
And if I need to change it up for you
To make this brand new (make it brand new)
I know been on this same routine (this same routine)
But I'll switch up my game for you baby
Tell what can I do for you
To make this brand new

(I don't) I don't wanna get sick of you (I don't wanna get sick of you)
Never having any time for me
I wanna give you what you need (I wanna give what you need)
So you don't have roam the streets
Don't wanna get bored to death with this (don't wanna give up no no no)
I just want all your love to give
Baby you know this love is true (tell me what I gotta do)
You got so use to me boy
Tell me what can I do
And if I need to change it up for you
To make this brand new (make it brand new)
I know been on this same routine (this same routine)
But I'll switch up my game for you baby
(I'll switch it up for you boy)
Tell what can I do for you
To make this brand new
To make this brand new

Oh Oh Oh Oh

[Verse 1]
You said you weren't mine so I go on without you
If you wanna shine, I'll let you shine without me
'Cause I been to good to let you take me down
Dead in the street or let you drive me to drinking
I'm feelin' good and really good about me
So don't even think the other men are not checkin' what you lost
Yeah, they're checkin', they're checkin' for me

[Chorus]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
You hurt me so bad but I'm not gonna cry
There's fish in the sea and I might take a dive, too
To see who is deep or just as deep as me
See, I need a man, I didn't know you were that weak
Life is too short to be waiting on you
To make up your mind, so do what you gotta do, say yeah

[Chorus]
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
(Oh, life is too short to be waiting on you, boy)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

[Bridge]
I'm still alive now that you left me
(I'm still alive even though that you're gone, yeah)
I will survive even though you're gone
(Even though you're gone I will survive)
I'm still alive now that you left me
(Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ooh)
Now my soul I can call my own
(Now my soul I can call my own)

[Outro]
Mmm, yeah yeah yeah
My Lord, my Lord, my Lord, oh, my Lord, my Lord

[Intro]
I'm gon' love you anyway
I'm gon' love you anyway
I'm gon' love you anyway

[Verse 1]
Look how the tables turn
You're at a loss of word
Just let it go
It's been too long for us to let it burn
I know you're mad right now
But we're gonna talk this out
Better or worst, that's what we said
So there's no walking out

[Pre-Chorus]
We ain't gon', always see, eye to eye
I can be wrong, you can be right
Just go tonight 'cause it ain't worth a fight, no no
Whatever it's gonna take, we gon' try
I've got your heart, and you've got mine
So there's no saying goodbye

[Chorus]
No matter how we work it out, work it out, work it out
This love is irreversible, 'versible, 'versible
No matter how hard we try, there just ain't no rewind
We can't go back in time
'Cause love is irreversible, 'versible, 'versible

[Verse 2]
I get emotional
Sometimes you'll treat me cold
Well, love's still here, won't disappear
Can't let it take control
We may just lose our way when we communicate
Can't nothing come between you and me
We're a forever thing, yeah

[Pre-Chorus]
We ain't gon', always see, eye to eye
Oh, I got your heart, and you've got mine
So there's no saying goodbye

[Chorus]
No matter how we work it out, work it out, work it out
This love is irreversible, 'versible, 'versible
No matter how hard we try, there just ain't no rewind
We can't go back in time (Can't go back in time)
'Cause love is irreversible, 'versible, 'versible

[Bridge]
I'm gon' love you anyway, anyway, anyway
(I'm gonna love you)
Oh oh, I'm gon' love you anyway, anyway
(So let's try to make it right)

[Chorus]
No matter how we work it out, work it out, work it out
This love is irreversible, 'versible, 'versible
No matter how hard we try, there just ain't no rewind
We can't go back in time (We can't go back in time)
'Cause love is irreversible, 'versible, 'versible

[Outro]
Oh oh oh
Work it out, work it out, work it out
(I'm gon' love you anyway)
I'm gon' love you anyway, baby baby
'versible, 'versible, versible
(I'm gon' love you anyway)
Baby, yeah
(I'm gon' love you anyway)
Irreversible, 'versible

[Intro]
If I don't love you this way
If I don't love you this way

[Chorus]
If I don't love you this way
Why do I say what I say? Yeah
If I don't need you this much
Ooh, why do I ache for your touch? Yeah

[Verse]
With you it seems I could reach the stars
With reckless hopes and dreams
With you it seems I still don't believe
How valuable you are
I'm really loving you (Loving you, loving you)
Not pretending to

If I don't need you this strong
Why do I beg to belong? Yeah
How can you doubt that I care, ooh
When I'm with you everywhere? Yeah
With you I find (I find) I can close my eyes (My eyes)
To the world surrounding me
And you create the sweetest place
That I could ever be
I'm really loving you (Loving you, loving you)
Not pretending to

[Chorus]
If I don't love you this way
Ooh, why do I say what I say? Yeah yeah
If I don't need you this much
Ooh, why do I ache for your touch? Yeah

[Bridge]
You just have this smile
That makes my life worthwhile
That explains everything you gain

[Chorus]
If I don't love you this way
Ooh, why do I say what I say? Yeah
If I don't need you this much
Ooh ooh, why do I ache for your touch? Yeah

[Chorus]
Ooh, ooh, ooh ooh ooh
Ooh, woo-ooh, ooh ooh whoa oh
If I don't need you
If I don't need you
If I don't love you, why do I?
Why, why why why why why, why?
If I don't need you
If I don't love you
If I don't need you, why do I?
Why do I ache for your touch?
If I don't need you
If I don't love you
If I don't need you, why do I?

[Chorus]
We've got a message in our music
And we know exactly how to use it

[Verse]
A message comin' from the soul
Want you to listen young and old
We're not just writing any song
That you can dance to all night long
Please correct me if i'm wrong
But this music is a strong
Way for us to communicate
I gotta let it have its way

[Pre-Chorus]
Let it take you to a place
Only music can provide
Let it make you feel as if
You can really touch the sky

[Chorus]
We've got a message in our music
And we know exactly how to use it

[Chorus]
A dream
A simple fantasy
That I
Wish was reality
That you
Come knocking at my door
And we
Relive this dream once more

[Verse 1]
Last night I dreamed
That you were here with me
And we were in each other's arms
It was oh so heavenly
You held me close to you
And whispered in my ear
Let's spend the night together
Sharing love beyond the bed

[Pre-Chorus]
As we danced to the melody
We had so much to share
And the music stopped
In a flash I was all alone
It was just a dream
Haunting me once again

[Chorus]
A dream
A simple fantasy (Simple fantasy)
That I
Wish was reality
That you
Come knocking at my door
And we
Relive this dream once more

[Verse 2]
The day you left
You said you would return
Just when you couldn't promise
That you needed some time alone
You said you'd love me
And someday our love would be
I couldn't understand it
I thought we were both happy

[Pre-Chorus]
As we danced to the melody
We had so much to share
Then the music stopped
In a flash I was all alone
It was just a dream
Haunting me once again, oh

[Chorus]
A dream
A simple fantasy
That I
Wish was reality
That you
Come knocking at my door
And we
Relive this dream once more
(Relive this dream once more)
A dream
A simple fantasy
(A simple fantasy that I)
That I
Wish was reality
That you
Come knocking at my door
And we
Relive this dream once more
(Oh, oh oh)

Oh, a dream
A simple fantasy
(A simple fantasy that I)
That I
Wish was reality
That you
Come knocking at my door
And we
Relive this dream once more
A dream
A simple fantasy
That I
Wish was reality
That you (You, you, you)
Come knocking at my door
And we
Relive this dream once more
A dream
Dana texted me and said she wanted to see me
Then sent a picture of her in the mirror
No clothes on, of course
And she want that dope dick

Hello world, I'm the dope dealer
I love it when she talk crazy, that dick make her walk crazy
That last time was awesome, all the lines, we crossed them
I ain't a killer but don't push me, I OJ Simpsoned that pussy

That's the shit, pussy taste so good make you smack your lips
I don't know about you but I'm a beast with mine
She said she wait for the Carter to 69, I told her "Sorry 4 The Wait"
I value her time like an Audemars Piguet

And we gonna stay current like the water in the lake
Yeah, we fuck around like we fucking in a circle
Pardon the slur, that's the purple, it feel so real like it's virtual
Any kind of position, she's versatile
And she take it every way except personal
Yeah, that's my bitch, pussy wetter than a wishing well
I wish I was in it right now instead of making this song
Hut one, hut two, I run it in the end zone
Don't trip when I say I can't see you

And she say she working on her career
Smoke got our eyes looking like we from Korea
We floating but I'ma rock the boat like Aaliyah, R.I.P
Shorty got me

Shorty knows I fuck her with her hard body
Shorty fine by me, spend some time by me
It's a jungle out there, come and climb my tree
I know it's on your mind, fine, we can do, whatever that is

She tell me that it's fine
I said fine, shit, I was taught to live and let live
So live it up, baby, giddy up, baby
It's your world, ain't trying to interrupt but maybe

We moving too fast but fuck it, let's crash
One day we gonna have to leave our love in the past
But for now I feel lovely, I feel great
Slide in you, safe

Yeah, all that good shit
No, I ain't a player, I just play by the bush
And I know what I'm doing
She loves how I do it, she throw that ass back
And she never over-do it, she call me, 'Baby'
And I call her Bay', sorry for the wait
Carter IV on the way, August 29th

[Verse 1]
People tell me my life was predestined
From my life others shall learn a lesson
Born a leader with the world on my shoulder
Age is young but my mind is much older
Living up to everyone's expectation
Condemned me to a world of damnation
I gotta clear these voices from my head
All these opinionated noises
Listen to the voice of my Creator
Opens door to a path much greater
On this path the days draw nearer
When I can be happy, finally happy, yeah

[Chorus]
Searching for my destiny (Searching for)
I'll search for what makes me happy
Lost in what others thought of me
I gotta be happy, finally happy
Searching for my destiny
I'll search for what makes me happy
Lost in what others thought of me
I gotta be happy, finally happy

[Verse 2]
Time to broaden my horizons
Come out from the dark and opened up my eyes and
Started to define my destiny
Experience what life can really be
No longer concerned with your opinion
Over my life I have dominion
I'm stronger now than before
I'm sure I can be so much more
Not what you thought I would be
'Cause I'm gonna be happy, yeah
I'm gonna be happy
Finally you see, oh

[Chorus]
Searching for my destiny (Searching for)
I'll search for what makes me happy
Lost in what others thought of me
(So lost in what others thought of me)
I gotta be happy, finally happy
Searching for my destiny (Still searching)
I'll search for what makes me happy (Searching, searching)
Lost in what others thought of me
I gotta be happy, finally happy

[Break]

[Chorus]
Searching for my destiny (Searching for)
I'll search for what makes me happy (What makes me, me)
Lost in what others thought of me
I gotta be happy, finally happy (I've gotta be)
Searching for my destiny
I'll search for what makes me happy
Lost in what others thought of me
I gotta be happy, finally happy
Searching for my destiny
I'll search for what makes me happy
Lost in what others thought of me
I gotta be happy, finally happy
Searching for my destiny
I'll search for what makes me happy
(Yes, I'm gonna be happy, yeah)
Lost in what others thought of me
I gotta be happy, finally happy
Searching for my destiny
I'll search for what makes me happy
Lost in what others thought of me
(What others thought, what others thought of me)
I gotta be happy, finally happy
Searching for my destiny (Searching for, searching for)
I'll search for what makes me happy (Searching for, searching for)
Lost in what others thought of me

[Outro]
I'm gonna be happy, I'm gonna be happy, yeah
I gotta be happy, finally happy

[Intro]
We 'bout to take y'all way back

[Chorus]
Til the
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)
Til the
(Morning, to the sweet stuff, let me heat up)
Make me lose my mind, lose track of time
But I gotta work
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)

[Verse 1]
You keep sending messages you wanting me
But instant messages don't be as cold
If you wanna get me, put your energy
You should try it in my ear, not on the phone

[Pre-Chorus]
(Hey hey)
I'm sensitive when you come close
Boy, come on 'cause I'm getting warm
(Oh oh)
I love it when you do that soul
Turn it up, that turns me on

[Chorus]
Til the
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)
Til the
(Morning, to the sweet stuff, let me heat up)
Make me lose my mind, lose track of time
But I gotta work
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)

[Verse 2]
I can see you now, what's wrapped up in the sheet
You got me going crazy, screaming more
If you wanna get me like you want me to be
Then you gotta stop me from dancing on the floor, ooh

[Pre-Chorus]
(Hey hey)
I'm sensitive when you come close
Boy, come on 'cause I'm getting warm
(Oh oh)
I love it when you do that soul
Turn it up, that turns me on

[Chorus]
Til the
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)
Til the
(Morning, to the sweet stuff, let me heat up)
Make me lose my mind, lose track of time
But I gotta work
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)

[Bridge]
Okay, we gonna take y'all to the rooftop, c'mon
Touch me, hold me, kiss me closely
Teach me, show me, enjoy me
Touch me, hold me, kiss me closely
Teach me, show me, enjoy me

Now did you like it?
How did you feel?
Was it good to ya?
Can you get a little more?
But relax now, baby
Let me ease your mind
Let me get it together
And I'll be ready to go, ooh

[Pre-Chorus]
(Hey hey) Hey, baby
I'm sensitive when you come close
(So sensitive)
Boy, come on 'cause I'm getting warm
(Oh oh)
I love it when you do that soul
I love it, baby
Turn it up, that turns me on
Turn me on

[Chorus]
Til the
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)
Til the
(Morning, to the sweet stuff, let me heat up)
Make me lose my mind, lose track of time
But I gotta work
(Morning, can you touch me, can you help me?)

[Outro]
Touch me, hold me, kiss me closely
Teach me, show me, enjoy me
Touch me, hold me, kiss me closely
Teach me, show me, enjoy me
Touch me, hold me, kiss me closely
Teach me, show me, enjoy me
Touch me, hold me, kiss me closely
Teach me, show me, enjoy me
Oh:

[1] - Don't you walk, away from me
Cause I don't want to see you leave

[Repeat 1]

Tell me what
What is better than sharing
Sharing love with you
And tell what
What is better than caring
I want to spend my life with you

[Repeat 1 (2x)]

Oh do you know
Do you know how I'm feeling
When you're lying next to me
And does it show
Everything that I'm feeling
When you touch me it's real
Don't walk:

[Repeat 1 (4x)]

When we share
Our love I feel
Like it is so real
Please tell me the deal
I can make you see
What is extasy
Come and go with me
But don't walk away

Oh ooh
I don't wanna see you
Oh, oh, oh
I don't wanna see you

[Repeat 1 (4x)]

See I'm serious baby
But now it's a little off
But you can't walk away
Know what I'm saying
Cause you can't never lose the love that you never had
And if the nigga never did love you
Then you ain't lost nothing
First of all, but if I love somebody
Please don't walk away

[Intro]
You are my everything
You are my everything
You, my everything
Everything, everything, everything

[Verse 1]
It's all because of you, I'm never sad and blue
You've brightened up my days in your own special way
Whenever you're around, I'm never feeling down
You are my trusted friend, on you I can depend
You take me away from the pain and you bring me paradise
And when there were cloudy days you brought sunshine in my life
It never occurred to me the first time I saw your face
I would fall so deep in love that your love can't be replaced

[Chorus]
You are my everything
Love so good only you can bring
You are my everything
You are everything and everything is you

[Verse 2]
My darling only you can make my dreams come true
And every night I pray, you'll never go away
I promise I will try until the day I die
To treat you like a king cause you are my everything
You take me away from the pain and you bring me paradise
And when there were cloudy days you brought sunshine in my life
It never occurred
I would fall so deep in love that your love can't be replaced

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
You are everything and everything is you
You are everything and everything is you
You are everything and everything is you
You are everything and everything is you

[Verse 3]
When you're lovin' me, put your lovin' arms around me
When you're lovin' me, said I feel so safe, I find security
When you're lovin' me, forever I want you to hold me
My everything, my every, every, every, everything

[Chorus] + 

[Bridge] + 

[Chorus]
You are my everything
Love so good only you can bring
You are my everything
You are everything and everything is you

[Outro]
And I thank you, thank you, thank you

[Chorus]
And he think I don't know
He think I don't know, oh
And he think I don't know
He think I don't know, oh

[Verse 1]
I don't know what gets me more
'Bout your two-hour trips to the store
How they never have what you went there for
Yet you say to trust you more
Or is it the fact that you believe
That your girl is just so naive?
But the one thing I can't deny
Is what I saw with my own two eyes

[Chorus]
And he think I don't know
He must think I'm stupid
He think I don't know, oh
And he think I don't know
He think I don't know, oh (He)

[Verse 2]
On my way to work one night
As I made a left at the light
See, what I saw just wasn't right
Guess what's done in darkness gon' come to light (That's right)
But if you won't tell, I won't tell
Just let me leave before I go to jail
And the thing that blows my mind
Is that he walks around like **** is fine

[Chorus]
And he think I don't know
He must be crazy
He think I don't know, oh
And he think I don't know
He must be stupid
Think I don't know, oh

[Outro]
He think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
Hey, oh, he think I don't know
Think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
He must be crazy to think I don't know
He think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
Where he been last night and all those other nights, oh
He think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
Oh-ooh, oh, he think I don't know
He think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
He think I don't know, oh
Think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
Ayy, ayy, ooh
He think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
'Bout your two-hour trips to the store, ayy, hey, hey, oh
Think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
How could you think I don't know, huh, 'bout everything you do, when you're with me every night?
Think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
And you're with me every day, every day, oh
Think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know
Oh, how could you think I don't know?
He think I don't know, think I don't know, think I don't know

[Verse 1]
Here I am
Looking through that same window again
Got me hurting to see you
Attack me, jealousy
Always wondering if I'm being true
Why can't I be pretty for you?

[Chorus]
You want too much of me (Of me)
Why can't I shine? (Why can't I shine?)
How could you do me that way? (How could you do me?)
The girl from yesterday
Today, I'm gone away, away, away, away, away
Gone away, you push me away
Ooh-ooh, yesterday
Ooh-ooh, yesterday

[Verse 2]
If somebody loved me
The way that I have loved you
I would be secure
But you have friends that think they know how
This relationship should go
Forces from the outside
Destroying us
Why can't I be a woman? Why can't you trust?

[Chorus]
You want too much of me
Why can't I shine? (Why can't I be me?)
How could you do me that way? (I wouldn't change you for the world)
The girl from yesterday
Today, I'm gone away, away, away, away, away
You're pushing me away
So far away, the girl from yesterday
Ooh-ooh, yesterday
Ooh-ooh, yesterday
Yesterday, yesterday

[Outro]
How could you treat me this way?
The girl from yesterday
You did wipe my tears away, oh, oh
How could you do it?
You were my lover
You were my friend
Oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
And you're pushing me
Pushing me away, boy
And I don't understand
I loved you, trust you
I need you, oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh

[Intro: T.I.]
Hey, Grand Hustle, homie
Yeah, it's the king, partner
Haha, you know I couldn't leave you
Without hollerin' at you one more time right, baby?
Okay, Mary, go

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
Sexy boy, sexy boy, won't you be my
Almond Joy, chocolate kisses, don't you see my
I'm, boy, fixed on you tonight, boy
Only one I want for the rest of my life, boy

[Pre-Chorus: Mary]
Am I coming on too strong?
Do I make you nervous?
Oh
Is this the first time that you heard this?
Oh, baby, you got what I want
And I think I deserve it, won't hurt it
Promise I'll be worth it

[Chorus: Mary]
So give me that, give me that, give me that good love
'Cause baby you're what I'm looking for
And every time you smile I want some more
So give me that, give me that, give me that good love
Now don't you tell me no
Just come here and give me that good love

[Verse 2: Mary]
Mercy me, mercy me, you makin' my
Temperature heat up, heat up, baby, sky high
Ooh ooh, I don't mean to be rude, but if you don't come on
I'ma come and get you

[Pre-Chorus: Mary]
Am I coming on too strong?
Do I make you nervous?
Oh
Is this the first time that you heard this?
Oh, baby, you got what I want
And I think I deserve it, won't hurt it
Promise I'll be worth it

[Chorus: Mary]
So give me that, give me that, give me that good love
'Cause baby you're what I'm looking for
And every time you smile I want some more
Oh, so give me that, give me that, give me that good love
Now don't you tell me no
Just come here and give me that good love

[Bridge]
So give me mine, give me mine, give me mine
Give me that, give me that good love (Good love, oh)
So give me mine, give me mine, give me mine
Give me that, give me that good love (Good love)

[Verse 3: T.I.]
Aye, where my ladies at? Throw you hands up
You see a sucka lookin' at you tell him, "Man up"
So he bought a drink, tell him, "And what?"
That don't mean he got the right to keep you handcuffed
You got your hair done, and your toes, too
You lookin' good, girl, if ain't nobody told you
Even the hood girls with the gold tooth
And working girls who buy the purses and they own shoes
Sophisticated ladies went to school and graduated
Who don't be drinkin' every day, but since they celebratin'
Hey, pop your bottles shawty and do your thing, ma
And let your hair down, and let it hang, ma
To all the single moms raising babies on their own
Forget your baby daddy, baby, you don't need homes
Whether you got your real hair or a weave on
Whether you got some Frankie Bs or some Lees on
From the A-cups to the D-cups
To the Kiki's, Nikki's and Tameka's
Listen, not only will I hit it if you throw it to me
But I'ma beat it like you stole and you owe it to me

[Chorus: Mary]
So give me that, give me that, give me that good love
'Cause baby you're what I'm looking for
And every time you smile I want some more
So give me that, give me that, give me that good love
Now don't you tell me no
Just come here and give me that good love
That good love

[Outro: T.I.]
Alright now
Ladies, this goes out to each and every last one of you, yeah
You know I got enough for all of you
But there can only be one queen
But you can still close your eyes and imagine, right?
Ha, a year and a day and counting
Grand Hustle, homie, it's the king
Alright, I can say that, Mary?
Haha, alright

[Intro:]

Just can't help it
I love my hun
All that I need
And all that
I want

Said I
Just can't help it
I love my hun
All that I need
And all that I want

[1st Verse:]
Everybody asking
"Why Mary ain't mad no more?"
It seems
Like a question
That I've already answered
Like too many
Times before
Now ladies
If you got a man
And he treat
You real good
Ain't you gon' flex
Every chance
That you get
Now ain't you gonna
Love him
Just like you should
Especially when you
Never thought
You would
Yeah
Oh you know
That I'm
All into the feeling
And I never
Look to lose it
Oh for sho'
This is consistent
With you
I find a rhythm

[Hook:]
From the day
To the night
We ride
We ride
We ride
Hey
How you
Like it
How you
Like it
I see
The future baby
You and I
Better with time

And it is
What it is
And I
Just can't help it
And I felt
What I felt
No
I just can't help it
I see the future, baby
Me and you
That's how we do

[2nd Verse:]
I got a song
In my heart
That's all
That I need
I sing it
Acapella
I sing it
To the beat
What we are
Is classic
You know it
Because your
Attitude shows it
Now fellas
If you got a girl
And she treats
You right
Ain't you gonna spend
Every dollar, every cent
Eh
Ain't you gonna make sure
She stay fly
Especially when
She's reppin'
You for life

[Hook:]
From the day
To the night
We ride
We ride
We ride
Hey
Now how you
Like it
How you
Like it now
I see
The future baby
You and I
Better with time

And it is
What it is
And I
Just can't help it
And I felt
What I felt
And you know
I just can't help it
I see the future, baby
Me and you
That's how we do

[Bridge:]
You are mine
I told you before
I wouldn't lie
I need you
And more
Gotta stay
With you
I am safe
With you
Let me
Repeat it
In case you forgot
Love is a mountain
And we're
At the top
Yeah
Breath and strength
Cause I see
The future in your eyes

[Hook:]
From the day
To the night
We ride
We ride
We ride
How you
Like it
How you
Like it, baby

I see
The future baby
You and I
Better with time

And it is
What it is
And I
Just can't help it
And I felt
What I felt
And you know
I just can't help it
I see the future, baby
Me and you
That's how we do

From the day
To the night
We ride
We ride
We ride
Now how you
Like it
How you
Like it
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I see
The future baby
You and I
Better with time

And it is
What it is
And I
Just can't help it
And I felt
What I felt
And you know
I just can't help it
I see the future, baby
Me and you
That's how we do

[Outro:]

Just can't help it
I love my hun
(And we ride)
All that I need
And all that
I want

Said I
Just can't help it
I love my hun
(And we ride)
All that I need
And all that I want

From the day
'Till the night
We ride
We ride

[Intro]
Yeah (x8)
Let the piano man play
Let the piano man play

[Verse 1]
I'm calling you in the middle of the night
Before we have a little problem
You you you, me and you, you you
And it ain't gon' be no foolin' around
Between him and you
You, you, you, you, you, you, you
Him and you girl

[Verse 2]
I know a lotta girls who don't need a man
But I need this one
(I need this one)
And I know you might need you a man
But you ain't gettin' this one
(Ain't gettin' this one, no, no, no)

[Pre-Chorus]
See I can have anybody baby I ain't stressin'
But what I've done for him I consider him an investment
Tryna take my man is like tryna take money
And tryna take my money
Well, just ain't happening

[Chorus]
I don't know it all, but I tell you what I know
Never let a girl cook in ya kitchen
All up in yo fridge, and next will be the stove
Never let a girl cook in ya kitchen
When it all gets hot, everything drops
Eyes on your man, hands on yo pot
If she runs in to help, tell her stay right in her spot
Never let girl a cook in yo kitchen

[Verse 2]
See I'm sorry but I'm have to shut them burners
Down, down, down
So we can keep it cool
Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool yeah!
See I don't need no extra ingredients
There's not enough cabinent space for two
Two, two, two, two, two, two, two

[Pre-Chorus]
Now I can have anybody baby I ain't stressin'
But what I've done for him I consider him an investment
Tryna take my man is like tryna take money
And tryna take my money
Well, just ain't happening

[Chorus]
I don't know it all, but I tell you what I know
Never let a girl cook in ya kitchen
All up in yo fridge, and next will be the stove
Never let a girl cook in ya kitchen
When it all gets hot, everything drops
Eyes on your man, hands on yo pot
If she runs in to help, tell her stay right in her spot
Never let girl a cook in yo kitchen
(Never, never, never)

[Post-Chorus]
If you know what I'm saying, say oooh...
I know what you're saying

[Hook]
I've seen it all before
(Seen it all before)
And I rather show you out
Cause I really don't want you around
There's the door, just let you walk up in this kitchen
Girl you got me twisted

[Chorus]
I don't know it all, but I tell you what I know
Never let a girl cook in ya kitchen
All up in yo fridge, and next will be the stove
Never let a girl cook in ya kitchen
When it all gets hot, everything drops
Eyes on your man, hands on yo pot
If she runs in to help, tell her stay right in her spot
Never let girl a cook in yo kitchen
(Never, never, never)

I know what you're saying

[Verse]
Oh, oh, you know that I
You know that I want to be with you, with you
I just wanna be with you
Oh, oh, ooh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

[Verse 1]
In the middle of the night, you hold me tight
Said it's alright, I'm yours forever
I do what you want, if you don't hurt me
I'll cook and clean, I'll make you happy

[Chorus]
Ooh, what you do to me
(What you do to me)
Ooh, you're my everything
(You're my everything)
Ooh, I'm so glad I found you
(I'm so glad I found you)
Ooh, I can't live without you

[Verse 2]
Got a jones in my bones, and it's all for you, babe
Can't leave you alone, I'm so addicted
I can't shake thang, it's the sweetest pain
So who's your girl? You better say my name

[Chorus]
Ooh, what you do to me
(What you do to me, baby baby baby)
Ooh, you're my everything
(You're my every, everything)
And ooh, I'm so glad I found you
(I'm so glad I found you, yeah)
Ooh, I can't live without you

[Bridge]
What you do to me, it's just a mystery
It's hard to believe, that you are here with me
Making all my dreams a sweet reality
All my life I tried to find what's best for me
It's you

[Chorus]
Ooh, what you do to me
(What you do to me, baby baby)
Ooh you're my everything
(You're my everything)
Ooh I'm so glad I found you
(I'm so glad I found you, baby)
Ooh I can't live without you
(What you do to me, baby)
Ooh, what you do to me
Ooh, you're my everything
(You're my everything, everything)
Ooh, I'm so glad I found you
Ooh, I can't live without you
(I can't live without you)
Ooh, what you do to me
(What you do to me, baby baby)
Ooh, you're my everything
(You're my everything)
Ooh, I'm so glad I found you
(I'm so glad that I found you)
Ooh, I can't live without you

[Bridge]
What you do to me it's just a mystery
It's hard to believe that you are here with me
Making all my dreams a sweet reality
(You made all my dreams, made 'em all come true)
All my life I tried to find what's best for me
It's you

[Chorus]
Ooh, what you do to me
(What you do to me)
Ooh, you're my everything
(Everything, baby)
Ooh, I'm so glad I found you
(I'm so glad I found you)
Ooh, I can't live without you
(I can't live, I can't live without you)
Ooh, what you do to me
Ooh, you're my everything
Ooh, I'm so glad I found you
(I'm so glad I found you)
Ooh, I can't live without you

[Intro]
La, la, la, la, la
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la

[Verse 1]
Feeling you
There is nothing I won't do
When I reach and touch your hand
Sweet melodies begin
Feeling you
There is nothing that I won't do

[Chorus]
I'm in love, yeah
I'm in love
Love with you
Love with you
I'm in love, yeah
Now the sun will shine for me and you
Bring a brighter day

[Verse 2]
When I reach and touch your hand, yeah
La la la la la
Feeling you
There is nothing I won't do
La la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la

[Chorus]
I'm in love, yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
I'm in love
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love)
Love with you, love with you, I'm in love, yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you)
Now the sun will shine for me and you, bring a brighter day (Oh)

[Verse 3]
When I reach and touch your hand, yeah
Ooh, sweet things to me, oh
In my heart (In my heart)
In my heart (In my heart)
Mmm, la la la la la la la la la la

[Chorus]
I'm in love, yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
I'm in love
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love)
I'm in love, yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
Now the sun will shine for me and you, bring a brighter day
I'm in love, yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
I said I'm in love, yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love)
I'm in love, yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
Now the sun will shine for me and you, make me sing it sweet

[Outro]
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love with you, baby
(I'm in love with you, ah ah ah)
So
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby, I'm in love with you)
Now the sun will shine for me and you
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
I never dreamed this would come true but I love you
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love, ah ah ah)
Oh, I love you, yeah yeah yeah
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
Oh, I'm in love with you, baby, baby baby baby baby, oh yeah
I'm in love
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love with you, hey baby)
Never felt nothing that felt this good before
Only you can open the door
(I'm in love with you, I'm in love, ah ah ah)

[Intro]
Hey no, no, oh, oh-oh
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better, boy, than I am
Than I am

[Verse 1]
When you're out at night and you're in the streets
And you have time to yourself
Think of all the love that you get from me
That you can't find nowhere else
When you're far away and I'm not around
And temptation fills your heart
Think of all the ways that I'm faithful, babe
But to replace me would be hard
Cause ain't nobody

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better (No, nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better (Nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better (No)
Boy, than I am, than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody)
(Nobody) Oh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Verse 2]
You can try to act single if you wanna (Wanna)
You can go ahead and mingle if you wanna (Wanna)
You can even behave like you don't care
But you know (But you know)
Like I know (Like I know)
That you ain't that foolish
Who you foolin'?
You won't ruin what's been here all along
You ain't movin' from what you've got at home

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better (Yeah)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better (Ain't nobody gonna touch you)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better (Oh)
Boy, than I am, than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody) (Nobody's gonna touch you)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Bridge]
I just want you to know
Baby, I love you so
There is no need to go lookin' for nothing more
'Cause I've got everything you'll ever need right here
But if you feel that you need to leave
Just know!

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better (Ain't nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Oh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Than I am (Nobody, nobody)
Oh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
As I am
As I am
As I am
Nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
Kush and a swisha
Money over bitches
Never kill a woman
Unless she is a witness
All about my business
Survival of the fittest
She let me hide my weed in her titties
Bitch I got the cash in a rubberband
I got the Glock already cocked, boom!
Fucking with a nigga meet my muthafucking goons
Sorry for the wait Carter IV coming soon
Light it up 'cause I'ma smoke-er
She tried to deep throat, I fucked around and choked her
It's Young Money mutherfucker game over
Shots leave ya body looking like she is doing yoga
And Lord knows I am a sinner pain pills for dinner
Bitch I am getting money like I got a money printer
I got a chopper and a trimmer shootin' like Jimmer
You coming in that water boy, you better be a swimmer
I ain't worrying bout ya'll, sittin' in my hole
While Miss Anita Baker say you bringin me joy
I came straight outta jail and did my thing on these boys
And we all yell 'fuck you bitch' and kept going
I am on and that's right baby
I am ain't going out this bitch without a fight baby
One request please don't bite baby
I got some bomb ass pussy from a white lady
I ain't lying, I'mma shine like a nickel or a dime-and
I smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off of my mind
Girl stop talking that shit goin' suck a nigga dick
For a new outfit
And even if the sky come falling
Bitch I'ma still be high
I got faith in my weed man
But lil nigga got yay by the bean bag
Hit ya ass from the side like a screen pass
And that red bandana is the team flag
Yeah, all up in your fucking face
Tez pushed the album back, sorry for the wait

[Verse 1]
It took a long time to get to this place
And now that I'm here no one could ever erase
The joy that I feel way down deep beside
The love that I have for me will never, never die

[Chorus]
I can see in color (I can see in color)
The first sign of spring (Ooh ooh)
The rose buds are blooming
I got a new song, new song to sing, yeah
Life looks so amazing
I never knew that it could open my eyes
And for the very, very first time I can see in color

[Verse 2]
Everything looks beautiful, sky so baby blue
I'm anxious to know where the rest of this road will go
If April showers bring flowers then I need, I need more rain
To quench the drought in me, so rain on me, rain on me

[Chorus]
I can see in color y'all (I can see in color)
The first sign of spring (Ooh ooh)
The rose buds are blooming, yeah
I got a new song, a new song to sing, hey hey hey hey
Life looks so amazing
I never knew that it could
Open, open my, open my eyes
And for the very, very first time I can see

[Bridge]
I can see in color y'all
The first sign, the first signs of spring
It looks so beautiful to me
I can see, I can see, I can see, I can see in color
(I can see in color)
Sky so baby blue, so baby blue

[Outro]
I can see, I can see
I can see in color y'all
The first sign of spring
And now the rose buds are blooming
I can touch them, I can feel them
I'ma hold them forever and ever and ever and ever
And ever, I'ma hold 'em ever, I'ma be forever
I can see, I can see, I can see
I can see, I can see, I can see, yeah
I can see, see in color, color, color, color
It's all clear

[Verse 1]
You take from me
So why you holding back? Boy, why you holding back?
So vacantly
But you won't get away with that, no, you won't get away with that

[Pre-Chorus]
They don't see what you do to me
From the outside
This can't be what it used to be
From the outside

[Chorus]
I'm telling you right now, I'm telling you right now
No, I won't play this game with you
I'm taking it back now, I'm turning it right round
My love won't be the same for you no more
My love won't be the same for you no more
No, I won't play this game

[Verse 2]
Don't wait for me
When you know you did me wrong, I've been holding on too long
Eventually
I’ll make the call

[Pre-Chorus]
They don't see what you do to me
From the outside
This can't be what it used to be
From the outside

[Chorus]
I'm telling you right now, I'm telling you right now
No, I won't play this game with you
I'm taking it back now, I'm turning it right round
My love won't be the same for you no more
My love won't be the same for you no more
No, I won't play this game

[Bridge]
No, never gonna give you the time
No, never gonna give you the time
No, never gonna give you the time
No, never gonna give you the time
No, never gonna give you the time
No, never gonna give you the time
No, never gonna give you the time
No, never gonna give you the time

[Chorus]
I'm telling you right now, I'm telling you right now
No, I won't play this game with you
I'm taking it back now, I'm turning it right round
My love won't be the same for you no more
My love won't be the same for you no more
No, I won't play this game

[Verse 1]
Baby, there's no need to tell you
As far as I can clearly recall
My love has been here for you
So you don't have to worry at all
I'll sacrifice my time
I'll make sure you're satisfied
And it's no hard thing to the joy I bring
I wanna give you all my love

[Chorus]
Loving you (That's all I wanna do)
Every day (And every hour, baby)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit (My love is yours)
Loving you (That's all I wanna do)
Every day (And every minute, every hour, baby)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit (My love is yours)

[Verse 2]
Baby, I'm in need of your love
And you got that touch that I need so much
And I am about to explode
Freely, completely
Everything you want, I'll be
Good love down to the last drop
And I'm not gonna stop

[Chorus]
Loving you (That's all I wanna do)
Every day (And every hour, baby)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit (My love is yours)
Loving you (That's all I wanna do)
Every day (And every minute, every hour, baby)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit

[Bridge]
Loving you is all I wanna do
Loving you is all I wanna do
Loving you, said loving you
Is all that I, all that I wanna do
Baby, baby, baby, hey

[Extended Chorus]
Loving you (I'm loving you)
Every day (Every day)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit
Loving you (Loving you)
Every day (Every day, every hour, baby)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit (Don't look no more, don't look no more)
Loving you (Loving you)
Every day (Every day)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit
Loving you (Loving you)
Every day (Every day)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit
Loving you (Loving you)
Every day (Every day)
(Loving you, baby) Don't you look no more
Love without a limit (Love without a limit)
Loving you (Loving you)
Every day (Loving you babe)
Don't you look no more (Don't look no more, don't look no more)
Loving you (Loving you, babe)
Loving you, babe
Loving you, babe
Love without a limit
Loving you, babe
Loving you, babe
Loving you
Every day (Every day)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit (Don't you look no more)
Loving you (Loving you, babe)
Every day (Loving you)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit
Loving you
Every day
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit
Loving you
Every day (Loving you)
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit (There's no need to tell you)
Loving you
Every day
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit
Loving you
Every day
Don't you look no more
Love without a limit

[Intro]
You know I love music
And every time I hear something hot
It makes me wanna move
It makes me wanna have fun
But it's something about this joint right here
This joint right here
Its makes me wanna.... Woo!

[Verse 1]
Let it go...
Can't let this thing called love get away from you
Feel free right now, go do what you want to do
Can't let nobody take it away, from you, from me, from we
No time for moping around, are you kidding?
And no time for negative vibes, cause I'm winning
It's been a long week, I put in my hardest
Gonna live my life, feels so good to get it right

[Chorus]
So I like what I see when I'm looking at me
When I'm walking past the mirror
Don't stress through the night, at a time in my life
Ain't worried about if you feel it
Got my head on straight, I got my vibe right
I ain't gonna let you kill it
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just...

[Post-Chorus]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just fine

[Verse 2]
Feels so good
When you're doing all the things that you want to do
Get the best out of life, treat yourself to something new
Keep your head up high
In yourself, believe in you, believe in me
Having a really good time, I'm not complaining
And I'm a still wear a smile if it's raining
I got to enjoy myself regardless
I appreciate life, I'm so glad that it's fine

[Chorus]
So I like what I see when I'm looking at me
When I'm walking past the mirror
Ain't worried about you and what you gonna do
I'm a lady so I must stay classy
Got to keep it hot, keep it together
If I want to get better
See I wouldn't change my life, my life's just...

[Post-Chorus]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
See I won't change my life, my life's just fine

[Bridge]
I ain't gon' let nothing get in my way
(I ain't gone let nobody bring me down, no, no, no)
No matter what nobody has to say (No way, no way, no way)
I ain't gon' let nothing get in my way
No matter what nobody has to say
Feels so good, when you're doing all the things that you want to do
Get the best out of life, treat yourself to something new
It's a really good thing to say
That I won't change my life, my life's just...

[Post-Chorus]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
See I won't change my life, my life's just fine

[Chorus]
So I like what I see when I'm looking at me
When I'm walking past the mirror
Don't stress through the night, at a time in my life
Ain't worried about if you feel it
Got my head on straight, I got my vibe right
I ain't gonna let you kill it
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just...

[Outro]
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
Just fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, fine, ooh
You see I wouldn't change my life, my life's just fine
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
(Oh, oh, oh, oh)
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
(Oh, oh, oh, oh)
Oooo (oh, oh, oh, oh) oooo

Chemistry was crazy from the get-go
Neither one of us knew why
We didn't build nothing overnight
'Cuz a love like this takes some time

People swore it off as a phase
Said we can't see that
Now from top to bottom
They see that we did that (yes)

It's so true that (yes)
We've been through it (yes)
We got real shit (yes)
See baby we been...
Too strong for too long (and I can't be without you baby)
And I'll be waiting up until you get home ('cuz I can't sleep without you baby)
Anybody who's ever loved, ya know just what I feel
Too hard to fake it, nothing can replace it
Call the radio if you just can't be without your baby

I got a question for ya
See I already know the answer
But still I wanna ask you
Would you lie? (no)

Make me cry? (no)
Do somethin' behind my back and then try to cover it up?
Well, neither would I, baby
My love is only your love (yes)

I'll be faithful (yes)
I'm for real (yes)
And with us you'll always know the deal
We've been...

Too strong for too long (and I can't be without you baby)
And I'll be waiting up until you get home (cuz I can't sleep without you baby)
Anybody who's ever loved, ya know just what I feel
Too hard to fake it, nothing can replace it
Call the radio if you just can't be without your baby
See this is real talk
I'm always stay (no matter what)
Good or bad (thick and thin)
Right or wrong (all day, every day)

Now if you're down on love or don't believe
This ain't for you (no, this ain't for you)
And if you got it deep in your heart
And deep down you know that it's true (come on, come on, come on)
Well, let me see you put your hands up (hands up)

Fellas tell your lady she's the one (fellas tell your lady she's the one, oh)
Put your hands up (hands up)
Ladies let him know he's got your love
Look him right in his eyes and tell him
We've been...

Too strong for too long (and I can't be without you baby)
And I'll be waiting up until you get home ('cuz I can't sleep without you baby)
Anybody who's ever loved, ya know just what I feel
Too hard to fake it, nothing can replace it
Call the radio if you just can't be without your baby

Heeeeeeeeeeeey ohhhhhhhhhhhhh
Heeeeeeeeeeeey ohhhhhhhhhhhhh
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you
I wanna be with you, gotta be with you, need to be with you

[Intro]
One, two

[Verse 1]
Hello, it's me
I've thought about us for a long, long time
Maybe I think too much but something's wrong
Something here that doesn't last too long
Maybe I shouldn't think of you as much

Oh, seeing you
Or seeing anything as much as I do you
I take for granted that you're always there
I take for granted that you just don't care
Sometimes I can't help seeing all the way through
Ooh-hoo

[Chorus]
It's important to me that you know you are free
'Cause I never want to make you change for me

[Verse 2]
Think of me, ooh
You know that I'd be with you if I could
I'll come around to see you once in a while
Or if you ever need a reason to smile
And spend the night if you think I should
Woo-ooh

[Chorus]
It's important to me (It's important) that you know you are free
(That you know you are free)
'Cause I never want to make you change for me, for me

[Verse 3]
Think of me
You know that I'd be with you if I could
I'll come around to see you once in a while
Or if you ever need a reason to smile
And spend the night if you think I should

[Outro]
Hello, it's me; it's me, baby
I've thought about us for a long, long time, yeah
Maybe I think too much but something's wrong
There's something here that doesn't last too long, baby
Maybe shouldn't think of you as much
Seeing you or, or, or anything as much as I do you
I take for granted that you're always there
I take for granted that you just don't care, hey
Yeah, yeah, hello, hello, hello hello

[Spoken: Rich Nice & Mary J. Blige]
Man, woman, child
(Share my world)
Intelligent minds
Share my world
Creative hands
Feel the queen in her beautiful blackness
And understand love is all we need
Share my world
Hey no ... noo oooooh
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am

When your out at night and your in the streets
And you have time to yourself
Think of all the love that you get from me
That you can't find nowhere else
When your far away and I'm not around
And temptation fills your heart
Think of all the ways that I'm faithful babe
To replace me would be hard
Cause ain't nobody

Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
Ohh ain't nobody gonna treat you better than I am
You can try to act single if you wanna
You can go ahead and mingle if you wanna
You can even behave like you don't care
But you know (but you know) like I know (like I know)
That you ain't that foolish
Who you foolin'? You won't ruin
What's been here all along, you ain't movin'
From what you've got at home

Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
Ohh nobody gonna treat you as good as I am

I just want you to know
Baby I love you so
There is no need to go lookin' for nothin more
Cause I've got everything you'll ever need right here
But if you feel that you need to leave
Just know!!

Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
(nobody, nobody) than I am
Ohh nobody gonna treat you as good as I am
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you see what I see?
Do you see what I see?
Said the night wind to the little lamb
Do you see what I see?
Way up in the sky little lamb
Do you see what I see?
A star, a star
Dancing in the night
With a tail as big as a kite
With a tail as big as a kite
Said the little lamb to the Shepard boy
Do you hear what I hear?
Ringing through the sky Shepard boy
Do you hear what I hear?
A song, a song
High above the trees
With a voice as big as the sea
With a voice as big as the sea
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you see what I see?
Do you see what I see?
Said the Shepard boy to the mighty King
Do you know what I know?
In your palace all mighty King
Do you know what I know?
A child, a child
Shivers in the cold
Let us bring him silver and gold
Let us bring him silver and gold
Silver and gold, all mighty King, all mighty King, ah ah
A child shivers in the cold
Let us bring him silver and gold, silver and gold
Said the King to the people everywhere
Listen to what I say
Pray for peace, people everywhere
Listen to what I say
A child, a child
Sleeping in the night
He will bring us goodness and light
He will bring us goodness and light
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you hear what I hear?
Do you hear what I hear?

[Intro]
Oh, oh, oh, oh

[Verse 1]
Some come around me try to call my bluff
Pushin' my buttons just to see if I'm tough
Behind my back spreadin' all kind of lies
'Cause you're an agent workin' on both sides
Hangin' around me tryin' to get some shine
You're mad at me because I work for mine
Blood, sweat and tears just to make a dime
While you sit back and try to take what's mine

[Chorus]
Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
(Don't let 'em)
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin'
(Keep it movin') Keep it movin' (Keep it movin', yeah)
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
Keep it movin' (Keep it movin') Keep it movin' (Oh yeah)

[Verse 2]
Spiritually, mentally, physically
I'm tryin' my best to better myself and no one else
But you're so busy thinkin' that this money's gonna turn me to someone else
And settle for less
Get your own life, on your own time
Stop hangin' around tryin' to drain me dry
I've been broke before, I can't do it no more
But if I have to it won't be over you
No one in this world can make me self-destruct
If you listen real close you would hear just what I'm tryin' to say to you, you and your crew
So stop sittin' 'round waitin' on me to lose

[Chorus]
Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin'
(Keep it movin') Keep it movin' (Keep it movin', yeah)
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
(You ain't got no business, you ain't got no business)
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
Keep it movin'
(Hatin' on me, you don't even know me) Keep it movin' (Hey hey)

Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin'
(Keep it movin', yeah) Keep it movin' (Keep it movin', yeah)
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
(Sorry that you feel this way)
Keep it movin', keep it movin'
Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin'
(Keep it movin') Keep it movin', yeah
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
(You ain't got no business)
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
(You don't even know me)
Keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah

Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin'
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
Keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah

Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
Keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah

Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
Keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah
Don't let em push you to the limit 'cause they like it a lot
And if they're not with you then tell 'em to just keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah
'Cause you ain't even got no business hatin' on me
And I'm sorry that you feel this way but you can just
Keep it movin', keep it movin', yeah
Mary...Mary...Mary
Live ya life girl

Whoa, love is all we need
'Cause everybody needs love

Love is all we need
To make everything complete
If we try to live together and be happy
You and me are one
And we've only just begun
So let's make a new beginning and have some fun

Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Dealing with tough times
Seems to always blow my mind
But I know where my heart is so I am fine (Live ya life girl!)
If we remain friends
It would never ever end
On this love I give to you, you can depend
Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need
To make every little thing complete, yeah, yeah
Oh, if you would trust in me
I would let you know that I love you

Love is all we need
(said I love you, said I love you)
(Oh, Lord knows that we need it, said we need it, said we need it)
Love is all we need
(Oh said it's all we need...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, come on)
'Cause everybody need love

Feel this hit banging in your residential district
Presidents you checked out
Canary rock sizzlin'
Mary's hop hop
Cris shorty got this
Fly angel
My dreams of a queen came true in this land that's dark
If you my man and you my heart
I blast for you
Need bail put up the cash for you
Girls who mad loyal die for you
Leave them if they acting too fly for you
All up in your mix then in somebody else six
Quick to put your name in some murder one shit
I'm not the one cheatin' on you or beatin' on you
'Cause I'm laid back you thought that I was sleeping on you?
Real love make a ill thug feel bug
Nas analyze, are you trustworthy by the looks in your eye?
Stay with me
Be my dog like dollar and Richie
She convinced me
All we really need is love, strictly
Love is all we need...'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need to make everything complete
I want to be happy yeah, want to be happy
Love is all we need, and I know that it can be done
If we can love, if we can love, everybody needs love

'Cause everybody need love!
Don't wish it away
Don't look at it like it's forever
Between you and me I can honestly say
That things will only get better

And while I'm away
Dust out the demons inside
And it won't be long before you and me run
To the place in our hearts where we hide

And I guess that's why they call it the blues
Time on my hands should be time spent with you
Laughing like children, living like lovers
Rolling like thunder under the covers
And I guess that's why they call it the blues

Just stare into space
Picture my face in your hands
Live for each second without hesitation
And never forget I'm your man, Mary Mary
Wait on me girl
Cry in the night if it helps
But more than ever I simply love you
More than I love life itself

And I guess that's why they call it the blues
Time on my hands should be time spent with you
Laughing like children, living like lovers
Rolling like thunder under the covers
And I guess that's why they call it the blues

Wait on me boy (Wait on me girl)
I Want You To Cry in the night if it helps(yeah)
But more than ever I simply love you
More than I love life itself

And I guess that's why they call it the blues
Time on my hands (time on my hands) should be time spent with you
Laughing like children (laughing like children), living like lovers
Rolling like thunder under the covers
And I guess that's why they call it the blues

Laughing like children
Living like lovers Elton, living like lovers

And I guess that's why they call it the blues
And I guess that's why they call it the blues
Someday at Christmas
Men won't be boys
Playing with balms
Like kids play with toys
One warm December
All hearts will see
A world where men are free

Someday at Christmas
They'll be no wars
When we have learned
What Christmas is for
When we have learned
What life's really worth
They'll be peace on Earth

Someday all are dreams will come to be
Someday in a world where men are free
Maybe not in time for you and me
But someday at Christmas time
Someday at Christmas
We'll see a land
With no hungry children
And no empty hands
One happy morning
People will share
A world where people care

Someday at Christmas
They'll be no more tears
Where all men are equal
And no man has fears
One shinning morning
We're on our way from today
But Someday at Christmas time

Someday all are dreams will come to be
Someday in a world where men are free
Maybe not in time for you and me
But someday at Christmas time

Someday at Christmas
Men will not care
Hate will be gone
And love will prevail
Someday a new world that we can start
With hope in every heart
Someday all are dreams will come to be
Someday in a world where men are free
Maybe not in time for you and me
But someday at Christmas time

[Intro]
Oh, no no no...

[Verse 1]
I know
That you're just a man
But you're all the man I need
And I know
That you care and you'll never leave
No, you'll never leave

[Chorus]
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay (I wanna stay)
I'll try to wait (I'll try to wait)
On you my dear
My love's sincere

[Verse 2]
You promised
That you never would cheat or lie
Lie to me, don't lie to me, babe
And you promised
That you'd trust and believe in me
Please believe in me

[Bridge]
Unnecessary pain (Pain is pain)
Now tell me who would get the pain? (You know it hurts)
If we should go astray
What would we do?
What could we say?

[Chorus]
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay
I'll try to wait
On you my dear
My love's sincere
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay (I wanna stay)
I'll try to wait (I'll try to wait)
On you my dear (On you my dear)
My love's sincere (oh, oh)
I love you so (Baby, you know, baby, you know)
I can't let go (Baby, you know, baby, you know)
You know it's real (I wanna stay)
The way I feel (I wanna stay forever and a day)
I want to stay
I'll try to wait
On you my dear
My love's sincere
I love you so
I can't let go
You know it's real
The way I feel
I want to stay
I'll try to wait
On you my dear
My love's sincere

[Outro]
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try? (Why, why, why, why, why?)
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try?
You said our love would always stand the test of time
Why can't we work it out
Why, baby? Can't we try

[Intro]
Hey no ... noo oooooh
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am

[Verse 1]
When your out at night and your in the streets
And you have time to yourself
Think of all the love that you get from me
That you can't find nowhere else
When your far away and I'm not around
And temptation fills your heart
Think of all the ways that I'm faithful babe
To replace me would be hard
Cause ain't nobody

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
(No, nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
(No)
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Verse 2]
You can try to act single if you wanna
You can go ahead and mingle if you wanna
You can even behave like you don't care
But you know (but you know)
Like I know (like I know)
That you ain't that foolish
Who you foolin'?
You won't ruin
What's been here all along, you ain't movin'
From what you've got at home

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
(No, nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
(No)
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Bridge]
I just want you to know
Baby I love you so
There is no need to go lookin' for nothin more
Cause I've got everything you'll ever need right here
But if you feel that you need to leave
Just know!!

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Ain't nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
As I am
As I am
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
(Nobody, nobody)
As I am
(Nobody, nobody)
As I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
No more invisible, speechless, deaf and blind child
With neglected pleasures, being addicted to denial
Floating through time, gravitating towards a warm arm
With an appetite for the emptiness that promises no harm

No more uncontrollable eruptions of emotional depression
A primal SOS from the barren prison of selfless expression
That only the guilty with innocent souls know
Buried in the social scar tissue of a defective ego

No more relentless sifting through bodies seeking self
Settling through competitive combat for what's left on the shelf
A mad melee of supply and demand driven by a gullible pride
That leads to sedating the you that suffocates inside

No more, forever no more because I've un-shut my eyes
And the difference between God's word and man will was realized
Seeing opposed and parallel lives, some liquid and others frozen
Led me to never seek from man what God has chosen

Then the negative whispering subsided and the panicking ceased
The undercurrent suppression of pent up terror was released
As the mystery of the unknown manifested pristine clear
A positive message of truth entered my ear
Now across my face is a brand new smile
With the newly revealed meaning of a destined child
A message of hope is being released from my heart
And I am overwhelmed with dedication to do my part

All I ever wanted was to be what I once was, unbounded
Somehow it got all twisted and before long sounded
As though life was a continuous connive-thrive-drive
Choking out the simple joy of just being alive

Now I am filled with love and I sing a love song
A song of yesterday, today, tomorrow and beyond
My new prayer is thank you God for setting me free
And thank you God for giving me back me

[Intro: Mary J. Blige]
Oh oh oh, baby
(Whatcha gonna do) Baby
My, my, my love
Hey

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
I was a fool to let you in
Knowing you would play with my heart
That was so long ago that I thought we could make a new start
You left me brokenhearted from the day your love departed
Now that love you found with someone new is gone
And so you wanna come back

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love (My love), my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do, baby?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love (My love), my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
Sweet memories of yesterday when it all seemed so right
I was loving you, kissing you, holding you tight
I wish you’d known that woman that you learned to leave today
And it’s a shame that you wanna come back now, baby
My love has gone away

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love (My love), my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Oh, oh yeah, my love is gone, oh yeah)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
(My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my)
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
I've played the fool for ya, baby
And you stole away my heart
(Whatcha gonna do)
Now that my love has gone away
(Whatcha gonna do)
Sweet memories of yesterday
(Whatcha gonna do)
Now that my love has gone away

[Verse 3: Heavy D]
Now call me crazy but I woulda thought that you were diggin' me
You didn't think that you'd considered that Heavy D that kinda way
Thought I was reaching for an unreachable star
But then you told me you're a star no matter who you are
So here's the plan, I'll be your man, you'll be my honey lamb
Two birds of a feather flock together, we look good together, that's what they say
Anyway, here's what I say, I'll make you scream and shout
That's what it is all about, so tell me what you'll do without...
My love

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
My love, my love
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you? (My love)
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, baby?) My love
Whatcha gonna do without my love
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do, do, do, do, do? Yeah, yeah)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
(I've played the fool for you, baby)
Whatcha gonna do without my love
(Now that my love has gone away, whatcha gonna do?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do?) My love
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do? Oh)
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Yeah alright
Come they told me
Pa rum pum pum pum
A new born King to see
Pa rum pum pum pum
Our finest gifts we bring
Pa rum pum pum pum
To lay before the King
Pa rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum
So to honor Him
Pa rum pum pum pum
When we come
Little baby
Pa rum pum pum pum
I am a poor boy too
Pa rum pum pum pum
I have no gift to bring
Pa rum pum pum pum (I have no gifts to bring)
That's fit to give a King
Pa rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum
Rum pum pum pum, oh oh
Shall I play for you
Pa rum pum pum pum
On my drum, oh oh
On my drum
Ohoh
I gave my fortune
Pa rum pum pum pum
I played my drum for you
Pa rum pum pum pum pum pum
I played my best for you yeah,oh
Pa rum pum pum pum
Then he smiled at me, he smiled
Such a pretty smile, yes it was
Me and my drum
Come they told me
Pa rum pum pum pum
My and my drum
When we come
Me and my drum

[Intro: Mary J. Blige]
Oh oh oh, baby
(Whatcha gonna do) Baby
My, my, my love
Hey

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
I was a fool to let you in
Knowing you would play with my heart
That was so long ago that I thought we could make a new start
You left me brokenhearted from the day your love departed
Now that love you found with someone new is gone
And so you wanna come back

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do, baby?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
Sweet memories of yesterday when it all seemed so right
I was loving you, kissing you, holding you tight
I wish you'd known that woman that you learned to leave today
And it’s a shame that you wanna come back now, baby
My love has gone away

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love (My love), my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Oh, oh yeah, my love is gone, oh yeah)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
(My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my)
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
I've played the fool for ya, baby
And you stole away my heart
(Whatcha gonna do)
Now that my love has gone away
(Whatcha gonna do)
Sweet memories of yesterday
(Whatcha gonna do)
Now that my love has gone away

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do? My, my, my, my, my)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do) My love
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, baby?) My love
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(I've played the fool for you, baby) My love
Whatcha gonna do without my love
(Now that my love has gone away, whatcha gonna do?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do?) My love
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Oh)
Whatcha gonna do without my love
(Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Outro: Mary J. Blige & Heavy D]
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Mary...Mary...Mary
Live ya life girl

Whoa, love is all we need
'Cause everybody needs love

Love is all we need
To make everything complete
If we try to live together and be happy
You and me are one
And we've only just begun
So let's make a new beginning and have some fun

Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Dealing with tough times
Seems to always blow my mind
But I know where my heart is so I am fine (Live ya life girl!)
If we remain friends
It would never ever end
On this love I give to you, you can depend
Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need
To make every little thing complete, yeah, yeah
Oh, if you would trust in me
I would let you know that I love you

Love is all we need
(said I love you, said I love you)
(Oh, Lord knows that we need it, said we need it, said we need it)
Love is all we need
(Oh said it's all we need...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, come on)
'Cause everybody need love

Feel this hit banging in your residential district
Presidents you checked out
Canary rock sizzlin'
Mary's hop hop
Cris shorty got this
Fly angel
My dreams of a queen came true in this land that's dark
If you my man and you my heart
I blast for you
Need bail put up the cash for you
Girls who mad loyal die for you
Leave them if they acting too fly for you
All up in your mix then in somebody else six
Quick to put your name in some murder one shit
I'm not the one cheatin' on you or beatin' on you
'Cause I'm laid back you thought that I was sleeping on you?
Real love make a ill thug feel bug
Nas analyze, are you trustworthy by the looks in your eye?
Stay with me
Be my dog like dollar and Richie
She convinced me
All we really need is love, strictly
Love is all we need...'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need to make everything complete
I want to be happy yeah, want to be happy
Love is all we need, and I know that it can be done
If we can love, if we can love, everybody needs love

'Cause everybody need love!

[Spoken Intro: Mary J. Blige]
Brook Lynn, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh
Turn the lights down

[Verse 1: MJB rapping as Brook Lynn]
Uh, need it in my life now
And when I say now I mean right now
Super duper clean, I need a wipe down
Caught me for a second
Now he tryin' make a wife now
Hype now workin' with them cameras
Fly chick, Louis bag, Louis bandannas
Got him goin' crazy 'cause the sex is bananas
He just wanna spoil me to watch me have a tantrum
Homegirls love me and we be ridin' Phantoms
Mad chicks hatin' 'cause I be writin' anthems
Plus, you know I'm loaded, just signed an expansion
Yeah, I'm goin' 'cause he's dark and he's handsome

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
When he calls me
When he calls and says "come over"
I'm there to give him all of me
If I'm twisted, if I'm sober
Ah yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Mary]
Because his kisses (Hey)
Seem to start a chain reaction
You gotta see it to believe it
You gotta feel
And when you feel it, you know it's real
It's something different, something crazy happens
I'll come running when I hear my phone ring

[Chorus: Mary]
And that's the only reason I'll be makin' this drive at midnight
Tryna get to my baby
Packed up my clothes and I'm leavin'
I'll be makin' this drive, this midnight drive
Gotta get to my baby, yeah
Gotta, gotta get to my baby
Yeah, yeah
Gotta get to my baby, yeah

[Verse 3: Mary]
When he tells me
When he tells me that he needs me
I'm there
We can fight all of the nights he held me
I love the way he kisses me deeply
Ah yeah

[Pre-Chorus: Mary]
Because his kisses (Hey)
Seem to start a chain reaction
You gotta say it to believe it
You gotta feel
And when you feel you know it's real
It's something different, something crazy happens
I'll come running when I hear my phone ring

[Chorus: Mary]
And that's the only reason I'll be makin' this drive at midnight
Tryna get to my baby
Packed up my clothes and I'm leavin'
I'll be makin' this drive, this midnight drive
Gotta get to my baby, yeah

[Bridge: Mary]
And I can't wait to be inside your arms
I don't care how long it's gon' take, boy, yeah
Oh, I'm on this midnight drive
I'm rushing to get there and it's so worth it

[Pre-Chorus: Mary]
Because his kisses (Hey)
Seem to start a chain reaction
You gotta see it to believe it
And when you feel it
You know you feel something real
It's something different, something crazy happens
Oh, I'll come coming when I hear my phone ring

[Chorus: Mary]
And that's the only reason I'll be makin' this drive at midnight
Tryna get to my baby
Packed up my clothes and I'm leavin'
I'll be makin' this drive, this midnight drive
Gotta get to my baby, yeah
Gotta, gotta get to my baby
Yeah, ah yeah
Gotta get to my baby, yeah

[Outro: Mary]
La la la la la la la la
Gotta, gotta get to my baby
Da da da da da da da da da
Gotta get to my baby, yeah
La, la la la, la la la la la
Gotta get to my baby

[Verse 1]
Can't even hide it, it's written on my face
And I don't have any more time or energy to waste
So I'm waving my white flag
Sad it has to be like that
It ain't working out, baby, in another life or space

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh I, baby, I gave you, ooh
Everything that I could give you
So I made my decision
Loving you's been a mission

[Chorus]
Now I'm in no condition
To love you (No more)
I'm in no condition
Oh yeah, yeah, oh
Said I'm waving my white flag
Sad it has to be like that

[Verse 2]
Barely any happy days
We always seem to have drama (Too much drama)
And it's really weighing heavy on me, baby
Both of us acting crazy
I hate it when we fight
Middle of the night
Always seems to remind me
Of how much it hurts
To know it's getting worse
My faith in us is slowly dying

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh I, baby, I gave you, ooh oh
Everything that I could give you
So I made my decision
Loving you's been a mission

[Chorus]
Now I'm in no condition
To love you
No, I'm in no condition

[Bridge]
Hey, whoa
Hey, whoa
Hey (I'm in no condition to love)
Whoa (I'm in no condition to love)
Hey (I'm in no condition to love)
Whoa (no condition), damn

How did you go from being my best friend
To me barely even wanting your affection?
I never would've thought (Hey)
That I would be some wannabe, oh no
Hold me down (Hey)
Hold me down (Oh)
Baby, hold me down
Even though it's sad to say it's over now
I can't love you under these conditions

[Pre-Chorus]
So I made my decision
Loving you's been a mission
(Loving you, loving you's been a mission)

[Chorus]
I'm in no condition
To love you
I'm in no condition

[Outro]
Hey (I'm in no condition to love, no)
Whoa (I'm in no condition to love, no)
Hey (I'm in no condition to love you)
Whoa (I'm in no condition to love, no)
Hey (I'm in no condition to love, no)
Whoa (I'm in no condition to love, no)
Hey (I'm in no condition to love you)
Whoa (I'm in no condition to love, no)
I'm in no condition to love (No condition, baby)
I'm in no condition to love, no
I'm in no condition to love you (Hey)
No

[Spoken Intro]
Man, summer of 1981
When this joint came out, it was like a breath of fresh air to the radio
To music
Only Luther
Give me that guitar like the original joint, come on

La-di-da-di-da-di-da-di-da...

[Verse 1]
I can't fool myself, I don't want nobody else to ever love me
You are my shining star, my guiding light, my love fantasy
There's not a minute, hour, day or night that I don't love you
You're at the top of my list 'cause I'm always thinking of you
I still remember in the days that I was scared to touch you
How I spent my days dreaming planning how to say I love you
You must have known that I had feelings deep enough to swim in
That's when you opened up your heart and you told me to come in

[Chorus]
Oh, my love
A thousand kisses from you is never too much
And I just don't wanna stop
Oh, my love
A million days in your arms is never too much
I just don't wanna stop
Too much, never too much, never too much, never too much
I can't fool myself, I don't want nobody else to love me, no
(Oh, I don't want nobody else to love me)
You're my shining star, my guiding light, you're my love fantasy

[Verse 2]
I woke up today, looked at your picture just to get me started
I called you up, but you weren't there and I was broken hearted
Hung up the phone, can't be too late, the boss is so demanding
Opened the door up and to my surprise there you were standing
Well, who needs to go to work to hustle for another dollar
I'd rather be with you 'cause you make my heart scream and holler
Love is a gamble and I'm so glad that I'm winning
We've come a long way and yet this is only the beginning

[Chorus]
Oh, my love, oh, oh
A thousand kisses from you is never too much
(Never too much, never too much, never too much, never too much)
Oh, nd I just don't wanna stop
Oh, my love
Oh, a thousand kisses from you is never too much
(Never too much, never too much, never too much, never too much)
And I just, I just don't wanna stop
Oh, my love
A million days in your arms is never too, never too much
(Never too much, never too much, never too much, never too much)
Di-di-da-da...stop
Oh, my love
I can't fool myself, I don't want nobody else to love me, no
You're my shining star, my guiding light, you're my love fantasy
(My love fantasy, baby)
I can't fool myself, I don't want nobody else to love me, no
You're my shining star, my guiding light, you're my love fantasy
(Thinking all day how to say 'I love you, baby')

[Outro]
Oh, my love
A thousand kisses from you, oh, it's never too much
Never too much, baby
Oh, my love
Oh, my love
Oh, my love, oh...

[Intro: Mary J. Blige]
Can't live without you (Can't live without you)
Can't live without you, baby (Ohh)
Can't live without you

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I never wanna live without you, baby (No, I can't)
I wanna be your lady
Your love is so amazing (I don't wanna live without you)
I never wanna live without you, baby (No)
I wanna be your lady
Your love is so amazing

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige & (Faith Evans)]
What is this feeling?
I can't sleep at night
Just thinking 'bout being without you
Work 'til I'm tired
And I can't eat a bite (Can't eat a bite)
'Cause I know someday you're going away

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady (I don't wanna live)
Your love is so amazing
(Don't wanna be without you)
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady (No, no, no, no, no)
Your love is so amazing

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige & (Faith Evans)]
I have the man that I want
I prayed so many nights for you (Down on my knees)
And then my prayers came true of you
Now that I have the answer
I'll be wishing on a star
I'll follow you where you are

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige & (Faith Evans)]
I don't wanna be alone
So baby, let's stay together (Stay together)
Through any kind of weather, yeah
Let's make a happy home (Make a happy home)
Because you mean so much to me, baby
That's why I wanna be your lady

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady (I don't want to live)
Your love is so amazing
(Don't wanna live without you)
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady
Your love is so amazing
(I can't live my life without you)
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady
(I said I don't want... I don't wanna live)
Your love is so amazing
(I don't know; no, I don't know, no, no)
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady
Your love is so amazing

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige & (Faith Evans)]
I don't wanna be alone
So baby, let's stay together (Stay together)
Through any kind of weather
Let's make this a happy home (Make a happy home)
Because you mean so much to me, baby
That's why I wanna be your lady

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady
(I wanna be your lady)
Your love is so amazing
(I wanna be your lady)
I never wanna live without you, baby
I wanna be your lady
Your love is so amazing
(I can't live my life without you)

[Outro: Faith Evans & (Mary J. Blige)]
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while?
(Baby, won't you stay?)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while? Don't leave
(Stay with me for a little while)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while?
(All I wanna know is...)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while? Don't leave
(...Can you stay? Oh, why...)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while?
(...Won't you stay with me?)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while? Don't leave
(I need you)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while?
(Oh, I need you
I need your warm embrace)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while? Don't leave
(I need your sweet, sweet taste, baby; C'mon, c'mon)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while?
(C'mon, c'mon
Stay with me)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while? Don't leave
(Stay, stay...)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while?
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while? Don't leave
(Please stay)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while?
(Don't you go nowhere)
Baby, won't you stay with me a little while? Don't leave
Drought 3
Look
I bought it out like stunna
I hope when we kiss we make u sick to yo stomach
Stunning like my daddy
And yo momma eat rubbers
I bet i can do da mouf 2 mouf with yo woman
My house is a dungeon
Yellow diamond ring lookin like a little funyon
Stand on my toes you can call me Paul Bunin
Touchin up my flows like a nigga do construction
Da microfone wet cuz my words like seduction
N when we on the jet you dnt come up on da discussion
And if you say you ballin we prolly dont trust ya
I know freakin hoes dat prolly dnt f**k ya
Even if you pay em boy they prolly won't f**k ya
Only if i say dat she can touch ya like busta
Then she might touch ya
And burn ya like usher
Me n my click we red like blush
I shit these rappers out and sometimes i forget 2 flush ya
Grand daddy purp or bubble kush crush ya
Explode in a bitch mouf like a gusher
Cash money young money
Check da production
I am just a martian
Get prepared for abduction
Haha
Haha

Uuum...
I walk it out like crutches
2 girls jump me like double dutchers
My nigga t-streets know a girl named dutches
And everytime we see her in da streets she b cussin
I told em he should wave da black flag cuz she buckin
He said the pussy good

He said ya digg
So i dugg em
Im lookin for a real bad bitch wit a husband
I give em a whole lotta dick
And a whole lot of nuttin
Im spittin like i stumbled on a gold pot of sumthin
And when i was 6 i saw my rolemodel hustlin
So i gotta hustle
These rappers talkin bout a whole lot of nuttin
You drop me on saturday i sold out on sunday
F**k is da argue bout
Nigga da carter out
This is what i call da drought....3
N we dont walk it out
We drop top porch it out
They better walk em out
Before we chalk em out
We chalk it out (x7)
We chalk em out
They dnt want it na uh
No they dnt want it na uh
You see they frontin im not
Oh yeah they frontin im not
I east side walk it out
I bring New Orleans out
I am a saints fan
Oh yea you know we marchin out
Like were a saints band
I play the organs now
And if they talk
Most likely im what they talkin bout
My nigga t from da east roll out dat forest now
Man im just tryin 2 get my peanuts im like charlie brown
Ok da uzi make dat holy sound
Take 2 of these and walk around
Come straight from that homeless town it -- belong to carter now
Bitch
Ain't no way
For me to love you
If you won't let me

It ain't no way
For me to give you all you need
If you won't let me
Give all of me

I know that a woman's duty
Is to have and love a man
And that's the way it was planned

Oh but how can i, how can i, how can i
Give you all the things I can
If your tying up both of my hands
Oh ain't no, ain't no way (ain't no way)

It ain't no way no, no, no (ain't no way)
Sho' ain't no way (ain't no way)
It ain't no way (ain't no way)
It ain't no way for me to love you
If you won't let me

So, stop trying to be
Someone your not

Hard, cold and cruel is a man
Who paid to much for what he's got

And if you need me
Won't you say, say you do
Because if you need me
Don't you know I need you
Ain't no way
Oh, you know we had to do it
Oh, you know we had to do it
Ha-ha
Hey, yo', Mary
I don't think they ready for this one

This is Phase 1
Love And Life

Oh, let's work
Oh, let's work {Let's work, people}
Oh, let's work {It's the reunion}
Oh, let's work {Let's work, people}
Oh, let's work {Mary J. Blige}
Oh, let's work {I see you came through}
{The Queen of Hip-Hop and Soul}
{They call me, Diddy}
{Bad Boy, baby}
{Mary, talk to them}

Boy, you know you got your hooks in me
You're on my mind every day constantly
I'm tired of holdin' back the way I feel
'Cause what I feel, baby, for you is real
You give me everything I want (Everything)
A little more than what i need (A little more
Babe)
I never felt like this before (Ooh)

That's why I wanna give you all of me (I'm hooked)
I'm hooked, babe
On your love, you got me wondering
Sexy (Sexy, sexy, baby)
You're the one I want, you got your hooks in me

I won't stray
'Cause that's what's up, you got me in a daze (Got me
In a daze)
All I can say
Boy, you know got your hooks in me

Someone like me doesn't always fall in love
'Specially with dudes that I meet in the club
'Cause I ain't really into gettin' rough
But boy, I'm feeling you and that's what's up

You give me everything I want (Everything)
A little more than what i need (A little more
Babe)
I never felt like this before (Ooh...hoo...)
That's why I wanna give you all of me (I'm hooked)

I'm hooked, babe (Hooked, hooked)
On your love, you got me wondering (On your love
Babe)
Sexy (Hey, hey, hey, hey)
You're the one I want, you got your hooks in me

I won't stray (Won't sway, baby)
'Cause that's what's up, you got me in a daze (Ooh
Baby, baby, baby)
All I can say
Boy, you know got your hooks in me (That's what you got
To do)

Baby, I'm so into you (I'm so into you, boy)
No one can do what you do to me (No one can hold me
This way)
This is a chance of a lifetime (I won't miss it for
Nothin')
For me, make you mine till the end of all time

I'm hooked, babe
On your love, you got me wondering
Sexy
You're the one I want, you got your hooks in me
I won't stray
'Cause that's what's up, you got me in a daze
All I can say
Boy, you know got your hooks in me

I'm hooked, babe
On your love, you got me wondering
Sexy
You're the one I want, you got your hooks in me

I won't st2ay
'Cause that's what's up, you got me in a daze
All I can say
Boy, you know got your hooks in me

Mama, shake that thang
You know I like it when you shake that thang
The way you shake it, girl, you show no shame
Stop playing, girl, shake that thang

Now let's work
Ooh, let's work
Ooh, let's work
Ooh, let's work
Ooh, let's work {Let's work, people}
Ooh, let's work
Ooh, let's work
Ooh, let's work
Ooh, let's work
Ooh, let's work

Love And Life
The album comin' soon
This is Phase 1
Mary J. Blige
P. back together again
What's the 411, My Life, Love And Life
This the Trilogy, baby
Trilogy
Please believe it
It's gonna be in your stores soon
I see you can do
Hit me, baby
Stevie J, slam
And of course the Queen of Hip-hop and Soul
Mary J. Blige
The incomparable Mary J. Blige
Give her a round of applause, ladies and gentlemen
Give her a round of applause
I like the way it's goin' down
Damn She Bad
Damn She Thick
And I Mite Not Know Perfect But Damn She Eat
And She Thick And She Rite
Damn She Nice
You Can Be My Judge Baby..Yeah I'll Do Life
Gimme Life
And I Know That You Be Dancin Till Your Toes Hurt
But I Can Make Your Toes Curl I Can Make Your Soul Jerk
We Can Soul Search
And I Also Got That Street Credit I Got More Work...Than Any Dude...You...Knew
Girl I Am A Blood Su-Ru
I Hear You Want Somebody You Can Call Boo
I Will Change My Name To Boo And Fukk Around And Call You
Now What You Wanna Do?
Because..What Ever That Maybe Baby I Want Do That Too
I Will ??? What You Going Through
And Likk A Pair Of Wet~N~Sticky Vickies Girl I'm On You
Okay Ma The Mood Is So Rite
Light 2 And Take Flight
My Nigga T.I. Is The King I Am The Prince..Your Knight
You Dont Need A Superman..You Just Need A Man Likk Weezy

[Ciara: Sings]"Babyy"

[Lil Wayne:]
And I Can Make You Feel The Same Way
We Can Pospone And Stay Home Likk A Rain Date
She'll Have The Salad Just Put Her On Wayne's Plate
What You Know 'bout Having Syrup Poured On That Pancake?
Nasty As I Wanna B..But Nasty As You Likk Me Too..Be
I Hope You Likk Me Too But Now You Know I Likk You Too
3 Am Room Service..Serve Ya
You Can B My Dessert..My Caramel Sherbert
Call Your Mama We Can Make A Baby
N The Way You Work The Mic In Your Video Is So

[Ciara: Sings] "Crazzyy"

[Lil Wayne:]
And The Chair Or Stool Move Was Kool
You Make Me Wanna Oohhh
But I'ma B Kool I Need A Moment
I Think You R The Finest Human On Earth
We Can Get Together I Can Help You With That Homework
Take Your Ass To School Too Boo
Teach You All The Rules You Never Knew
We Need A Moment
I Can B Your Future
I Can B Your Teacher
B Your Proffessor..Write Down This Lecture
You Want Some Extra Credit? Lemme Check Your Homework
I Can B Your Tutor And Help You With Exams
No Feelings? Or It's Some Murta For You
You Got Them Goodies And I Got A Sweet Tooth
Now Can Yall Blame Me?
Shiit..Hov Got B And I Just Want C
C I Just Want To See If Your R Taller Than Me
Naw Realy I Just Wanna See If You R Mrs. Carter To Be
Yeah I Know This Is Pretty Awkward For Me
But I Just Act Likk You Are Talking To Me When You Say

[Ciara:]
"Ooohhh..I Mean Everything That I Say..From The Bottom Of My Heart..
I Would Never..Never Ever..Hurt You
I Open My Heart..Open My Heart"

[Lil Wayne:]
Beleive Dat.. And I Agree Dat
Open Up Your Heart To Me And You Won't Get Your Key Back
Miss Ciara You Are Colder Than Blue
And Baby I Ain't Talkin To Nobody Else But

[Ciara:]
"Youuuuu...There's Nothing I Won't Do Baby..To Spend My Life With You..
I Give My Life To You..I Promise That I Will Never Lie..Oohh"

[Lil Wayne:]
Ayyy Sweetheart..I Dont Care What Nobody Say Real Niggas Gonna Show Respect
Ya Dig!
Ayy Darling You R All That..Whatever That Is..I'd Sure Likk To Know
Ha Ha!!
Let Me Kut That Out
But Straight Up Mama..I Just Did This Ma Because You Deserve It
I'm Out!!!

[Verse 1]
The problem is for many years
I've lived my life publicly
So it's hard for me to find a man I trust
I really trust
And every time I find someone I like, gotta worry about
If it's really me that they see
And I thought you were the one, ohhhh...

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(I wish that they could see)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Verse 2]
I don't have a lot of friends
And sometimes I have to wonder
Is it cash they see when they look at me?
'Cause they're lookin' for a ride that's free
So I made the choice to be
Good to those who are good to me
Don't judge me or think I'm bitter
For the evil does allow me to see I'm just Mary

[Refrain]
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I'm just Mary, can't you see that I, I...)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary
(I said, I said I'm just Mary)
I'm just Mary, just Mary, just Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
(I wish that they can see that I'm Mary, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Deep inside I wish that...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

Deep inside I wish that you could see
(Every day of my life I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(And I wish, I wish, I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Bridge]
The car i drive, the clothes i wear
The diamonds, the furs, and the house
Don't make the woman
Material things don't mean nothing to me
So, I need someone to stand by me and supply my needs
And I'm just plain ol' Mary
Why can't you love the person inside, and stop lookin' outside

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(I said that I'm just Mary)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that they could see
(Said I wish, and I wish, and I wish, and I wish...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary (MJB, yeah)
Deep inside I wish that you could see

If I could give you something else
But I can't give you nothing but me all day and all night (Mary)
I'm just Mary, Mary, Mary

[Chorus]
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(It can't be the clothes or the car I drive, 'cause I...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
(See the problem is, for many years, I've lived my life publicly...)
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary
Deep inside I wish that you could see
That I'm just plain ol' Mary...Mary

[Intro: Common]
I come up in the dance with a slip of sensi
Whether peanuts, epitome too, or envy
A family affair, everything is carefree
I ain't get up off the wall until I heard Mary

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
If you're floatin' real high and you're feelin' the vibe
Won't you get on the floor and just dance for me?
If you feelin' the groove, it ain't nothing for you
To just get on the floor and just dance for me
And I know you been stressed, this whole week got you messed up
Get on the floor and just dance for me
'Cause we here, ain't no joke, so stay here 'til we're closed
And stay up on the floor and just dance for me

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
Hey, I know it's been rough
But I'm tryna make it easy
For everybody to dance for me

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
So come one, come all, come everybody (Come on, come on)
Me and you, all of us 'bout to really party (Really party)
And you know that we're gonna put it down (Put it down)
After two more drinks, we'll be feelin' the sound

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
If you're floatin' real high and you're feelin' the vibe
Won't you get on the floor and just dance for me? (Come dance with me)
If you feelin' the groove, it ain't nothing for you
To just get on the floor and just dance for me

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
Get off the wall, 'cause I know that you can feel me
So stop the fronting and dance for me

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
So come one, come all, come everybody (Come on, come on)
Me and you, all of us 'bout to really party (Really party)
And you know that we're gonna put it down (Oh)
After four more drinks, we'll be falling down

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
If you're floatin' real high and you're feelin' the vibe
Won't you get on the floor and just dance for me?
And I know you been stressed, this whole week got you messed up
Stay up on the floor and just dance for me

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
Leave all your troubles and your cares behind
Don't you worry 'bout a thing, not tonight, no
Don't drink too much, because we have all night
Don't you rush, because it's all night long

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
If you're floatin' real high and you're feelin' the vibe
Won't you get on the floor and just dance for me? (Dance for me)
If you feelin' the groove, it ain't nothing for you
To just get on the floor and just dance for me (Oh, dance for me)
And I know you been stressed, this whole week got you messed up
Get on the floor and just dance for me (Dance for me, yeah)
'Cause we here, ain't no joke, so stay here 'til we're closed
And stay up on the floor and just dance for me (Oh)

[Verse 3: Common]
While ladies shake they thangs, brothers chains swang
Dancing is a ritual we use to maintain
Whether steppin' or Crip walkin', over music, **** talkin'
Hard times get softened in spots we hit often
Off in a loft, a basement, or a strip club
Good times, good wine, gotta skeet to trick dubs
It's up to you, I ain't gon' tell you where you has to be
Like the ghost of Marvin, come on and dance for me

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
If you're floatin' real high and you're feelin' the vibe
Won't you get on the floor and just dance for me?
If you feelin' the groove, it ain't nothing for you
To just get on the floor and just dance for me
And I know you been stressed, this whole week got you messed up
Get on the floor and just dance for me
'Cause we here, ain't no joke, so stay here 'til we're closed
And stay up on the floor and just dance for me
If you're floatin' real high and you're feelin' the vibe
Won't you get on the floor and just dance for me?
If you feelin' the groove, it ain't nothing for you
To just get on the floor and just dance for me

[Intro]
I wanna be happy, yeah
I asked for a sign
I wanna be happy, yeah
I asked for a sign
I wanna be happy, yeah
I asked for a sign
I wanna be happy, yeah
I asked for a sign
I wanna be happy, yeah
I asked for a sign
I wanna be happy, yeah
I asked for a sign
I wanna be happy, yeah
I asked for a sign

I asked for a, I asked for a, I asked for a sign
I, I asked for a, I asked for a, I asked for a sign
I asked for a, I asked for a, I asked for a sign
I, I asked for a, I asked for a, I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, help me sing it
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, help me sing it
All I really want is to find a love that's mine
All I really want is to find a love that's mine
All I really want is to find a love that's mine
All I really want is to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet

Said I wanna be, said I wanna be, said I wanna be
Said, said I wanna be
Said I wanna be, said I wanna be, said I wanna be
Said, said I wanna be
Said I wanna be, said I wanna be, said I wanna be
Said, said I wanna be
Said I wanna be, said I wanna be, said I wanna be
Said, said I wanna be
All I really want, all I really want is to be
All I really want is for me to be happy
All I really want, all I really want is to be
All I really want is for me to be happy
All I really want, all I really want is to be
All I really want is for me to be happy
All I really want, all I really want is to be
All I really want is for me to be happy

From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, help me sing it
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, help me sing it

[Chorus]
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet

[Bridge]
And to find a love, and to find a love that's mine
And to find a love, and to find a love, it would be
It would be so, it would be so sweet
It would be so, it would be so sweet
And to find a love, and to find a love that's mine
And to find a love, and to find a love, it would be
It would be so, it would be so sweet
It would be so, it would be so sweet

From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, help me sing it
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, I asked for a sign
From my sweet Lord, from my sweet Lord
From my, from my, from my sweet Lord, help me sing it

[Chorus]
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet
All I really want
Is to be happy
And to find a love that's mine
It would be so sweet

[Intro]
Baby I love you..
(Love you, love you)

[Verse 1]
When I leave
Do you think about me?
When you're gone
I can't wait till you get home, home, home
You were wrong
So was I
So what are we gonna do?
So tonight
I'mma try
Whatever you wanna do
It's up to you

[Chorus]
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you

[Verse 2]
They have tried, yeah
To get what yours and what's mine
(They can't have what's mine, they can't have what's mine)
But it would take a lifetime
To get between you and I
They were right
Love is blind
I can't see nothin' but you
So tonight
I'mma try whatever you wanna do
It's up to you, baby

[Chorus]
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you

[Bridge]
We might fight, sometimes we disagree
You're not right, but that's alright with me
Love it when you're calling out my name
Baby, I'mma do the same
I ain't scared to let you know
I would never let you go
You're the only one I need
Baby, come to me

[Chorus]
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you
And that's why I
Don't mind
Saying I
Love you

[Outro]
Saying I love you
Is giving you strength to
Ready my heart
But I'm trusting you now too

[Verse: Mary J. Blige & Teddy Riley]
Now that my love has gone away from you
You got me goin' in circles, you do
Now that my love has gone away from you
I don't know what to do, oh
Now that my love has gone away from you
Away from you, ooh
Now that my love has gone away from you
I don't know what to do
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
I don't know what to do
Now that my love has gone away from you
I don't know what to do, do, do, oh
Now that my love has gone away from you
I don't know what to do, ooh
Now that my love has gone away from you
YOu got me goin' in circles, circles, circles, circles
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you, ooh
Now that my love has gone away from you
Don't take your love away from me, girl
Now that my love has gone away from you
What am I supposed to do? What am I supposed to do?
Now that my love has gone away from you
No more lonely nights, no more sleepless nights, oh baby
Now that my love has gone away from you
Where do we go from here? oh girl, Oh girl
Now that my love has gone away from you
Could this be the end of my love? Girl
Now that my love has gone away from you
I thought we were friends in love, girl, girl
Now that my love has gone away from you
All I do is cry for you
I just wanna be with you, baby
Now that my love has gone away from you
Why must you take your love away from me, girl? Girl
Now that my love has gone away from you
I can't live without you, oh girl
It's breaking my heart
Now that my love has gone away from you
You got me goin' in circles
You got me goin' round and round, round and round
Now that my love has gone away from you
What can I do without you? What can I do without you?
Now that my love has gone away from you
What can I do without you? What can I do without you?
Now that my love has gone away from you
You know everyday I ask myself the same question
Mary why you going through this
Why you takin yourself through this
But when you love somebody and
Maybe they might not love you but
It's hard, it's just so hard but
I just gotta think about myself
Right now and but I gotta remember this

I don't know why
Why you came in my life just to see me cry
Or maybe to see me die
But look at me now
You disguise yourself so well
That I didn't know that I was walkin into hell
But my soul I would never sale
That's why I have this story to tell
And I wanna know

Where is my happy ending
I always knew you were pretending
Now it's clear to see
That there was no real love
From the beginning
See I need to know
Where is my happy ending
You hurt me so bad
There is no mending
Now it's clear to see
That there was no real love
From the beginning
How could you be so cruel
To turn yourself into a fool
Not knowing love was real
Even though you still wasted all my time boy
Now let's go back to day one

When all we knew was having fun
But you stumbled across someone who's better than me
Now I know I ought to be free

Where is my happy ending
I always knew you were pretending
Now it's clear to see
That there was no real love
From the beginning
Where is my happy ending
You hurt me so bad
There is no mending
Now it's clear to see
That there was no real love
From the beginning

You didn't love me, you were fakin
The whole thing was a hoax and I was blind
You really hurt me
What goes around comes around
And the pain you caused will come back to you
Where is my happy ending
I always knew you were pretending
Now it's clear to see
That there was no real love
From the beginning
I need to know
Where is my happy ending
You hurt me so bad
There is no mending
Now it's clear to see
That there was no real love
From the beginning

[Intro]
It was the summer of 2001
And I saw the whole fuckin' thing
Wait, can I say fuck on TV? Fuck it!
These guys had on some squad, shit!
It was Lil Wayne, two adults, puppies, six children, and one fluffy puppy, and a dike
But not that kind of dyke, Dick Van Dike
Hey, can I give a few shoutouts to my people?
Yo mom! Yo dad! What's up? How's everybody doing? Cool! I'm on TV!
Hey, I been tellin' them guys they gotta get off the corner!
(I mean y'all know I'm good for it...)

[Intro]
Yeah yeah yeah
Hey, oh
Uh-huh, yeah yeah

[Verse 1]
Steppin' out tonight with my people
Everybody's fly
Watch me now, my dress, it gets attention
Whenever I walk by

[Pre-Chorus]
They say, "Ooh, she walks around like she's someone important
Like she owns the world"
Catchin' eyes of jealous and you haters
But respect from all my girls
I don't know what it is
But it's got me flyin' and I like it
I don't know what it is
But I'm alright and the best way to describe it

[Chorus]
I feel good like the moon is shinin' just for me
Tonight I'm fly as I can be
Don't you try to bring me down, though
It's not like you could
I feel too damn good
Say, ooh, ooh
I feel too damn good
Say, ooh, ooh

[Verse 2]
Tippin' in my heels with such swagger
Fellas, how are you? Mmm
Debonaire, sexy with so much charm
Yeah, I'm talkin' to you
So let's go, let me make you smile with my charisma
Lead you to the floor
Let's dance like we know everybody's watchin' (Hey)
'Cause that's what we're here for

[Chorus]
I feel good like the moon is shinin' just for me
Tonight I'm fly as I can be
Don't you try to bring me down, though
It's not like you could
I feel too damn good
Say, ooh, ooh
I feel too damn good
Say, ooh, ooh

[Bridge]
Back off of me, that negativity
Don't wanna hear what you say
I'm gonna dance away my drama
So you best get out my way, hey hey

[Chorus]
I feel good like the moon is shinin' just for me
(The moon is shining just for me)
Tonight I'm fly as I can be
(Tonight I'm fly as I can be)
Don't you try to bring me down, though
It's not like you could
(It's not like you could, feels good)
I feel good like the moon is shinin' just for me
(The moon is shining just for me)
Tonight I'm fly as I can be
(Tonight I'm fly as I can be)
Don't you try to bring me down, though
It's not like you could
(Not like you could)
I feel too damn good
Say, ooh, ooh
I feel too damn good
Say, ooh, ooh
Ooh...

[Verse 1]
What is a friend?
Could it be that it's just a word
Or something in your life that you've heard
Or just another one of those big fat lies
Because many nights this word has made me cry
So hard my stomach hurts deep down inside

[Chorus]
Uh oh, there goes that word again
(There it goes again)
How did we let it end?
I thought you were my friend
(I swear I thought you were my friend)
I can't believe my very eyes
(I can't believe it)
Right to my face you lied
'Cause you're my so-called friend (Yeah yeah)

[Verse 2]
How could you call yourself a friend?
Uh oh, there goes that word again
That brings people together and tears them apart
It's always said by those who claim they love you
When all the while they want to fill your shoes
And never calling you up with no good news

[Pre-Chorus]
They're always happy when you're through (Yeah)
They never want the best for you (Never, never)
They're always trying to fill your shoes
(I don't understand this kind of friend, y'all listen)

[Chorus]
Uh oh, there goes that word again
How do we let it end? (How do we let it end?)
I thought you were my friend
(I thought you were my friend, yeah)
I can't believe my very eyes
(I can't believe my very eyes)
Right to my face you lied
(Oh, right to my face you lied)
'Cause you're my so-called friend

[Bridge]
Opportunity's knocking, here comes my friend
Uh oh, there goes that word again
They only come around when they need something y'all
Listen here, listen here
They call you every day 'til they reel you in
And they want to hang out so you can spend on them
I don't understand, I don't understand this kind of friend

[Chorus]
Uh oh, there goes that word again
How do we let it end?
I thought you were my friend
I can't believe my very eyes
(I can't believe my very eyes)
Right to my face you lied
(Right to my face you lied)
'Cause you're my so-called friend

Uh oh, there goes that word again
(Friends, how many of us have them? I don't think we really need them, if they aren't a friend)
How did we let it end?
I thought you were my friend
I can't believe my very eyes
Right to my face you lied
'Cause you're my so-called friend

Uh oh, there goes that word again
How did we let it end?
I thought you were my friend

[Outro]
I thought you were, you were my friend
Give me another track immediately
Drought 3
Look
I bought it out like stunna
I hope when we kiss we make u sick to yo stomach
Stunning like my daddy
And yo momma eat rubbers
I bet dat i can do da mouf 2 mouf with yo women
My house is a dungen
Yellow diamond ring lookin like a little funion
Stand on my toes you can call me Paul Bunjion
Touchin up my flows like a nigga do construction
Da microfone wet cuz my words like seduction
N when we on the jet you dnt come up on da discution
And if you say you ballin we prolly dnt trust ya
I not no plan on freakin hoes dat prolly dnt fuck ya
Even if you pay em boy they prolly won't fuck ya
Only if i say dat she can touch ya like busta
But she might touch ya
And burn ya like usher
Me n my click we in red like blush
I shit this rappers out and sometimes i 4get 2 flush ya
Grand daddy purp or bubble kush crush ya
Explode in a bitch mouf like a gusher
Cash money young money
Check da production
I am just a martion
Get prepared for obduction
Haha
Haha

Uuum...
I walk it out like crutches
2 gurls jump me like double dutches
My nigga t-streets know a gurl named dutches
And everytime he see her in da streets she b cuzzin
I told em he should wave da black flag cuz she buggin
He said the pussy good
He said ya digg
So i dugg em
Im lookin for a real bad bitch wit a husband
I give em much dick
And a whole lot of nuttin
Im spittin like i stumbled on a gold pot of sumthin
And when i was 6 i saw my rolemodel hustlin
So i gotta hustle
Thise rappers talkin bout a whole lot of nuttin
You drop me on saturday i sold out on sunday
Fuck is da argue bout
Nigga da carter out
This is what i call da droubt....3
N we dnt walk it out
We drop top porch it out
They better walk em out
Before we chalk em out
We chalk it out x7
We choke em out
They dnt want it na uh
No they dnt want it na uh
You see they foamin im not
Oh yeah they foamin im not
I east side walk it out
I bring New Orleans out
I am a saints fan
Oh yea we marchin now
Like wear a safes band
I play the organs now
And if he talk
Most likely im what they talkin bout
My nigga t from da east roll out dat forest now
Man im just tryin 2 get my peanuts im like charlie brown
Ok da uzi make dat holy sound
Take 2 of thise and walk around
Come straight from that homeless town its ----- belong to carter now
Bitch

[Intro]
I hope that you've been thinking about me

[Chorus]
I hope that you have been thinking of me too
The way that I have been thinking of you (Yeah)
I hope that you have been thinking of me too
The way that I have been thinking of you

[Verse 1]
Pick up the phone to call you
But I hung up 'cause I'm so afraid
Afraid of rejection
Or another woman in your face
Hoping all day that you would call me
And that you're thinking of me too
Well, in my case with the game of love
If I played, I would probably lose
And I

[Chorus]
I hope that you have been thinking of me too (I hope)
The way that I have been thinking of you (I)
I hope that you have been thinking of me too
The way that I have been thinking of you

[Verse 2]
I hope that you're thinking of me
And I pray every night you love me
I don't ever want what we have to end
And I'll always be your friend
Don't you feel me calling from afar?
If you don't know, I've been there from the start
As sure as my name is what it is
You'll always have a place in my heart

[Chorus]
I hope that you have been thinking of me too
The way that I have been thinking of you
I hope that you have been thinking of me too (Thinking of me too)
The way that I have been thinking of you

[Bridge]
I hope that you've been thinking of me, yeah, yeah
The way that I've been thinking of you
When I pray every night
That it's me in your dreams when you're sleeping (Me, let it be me)
I really hope I'm the one that you're thinking about
For real
Yeah

[Chorus]
I hope that you have been thinking of me too (I hope that you've been thing of me all the time)
The way that I have been thinking of you (Can't get you off my mind, baby)
I hope that you have been thinking of me too
The way that I have been thinking of you

[Outro]
See, I hope that it's you
I hope that you have been thinking of me too (And I hope that you are, baby)
Thinking of me too
The way that I have been thinking of you (See, I hope that you are)
I hope that you have been thinking of me too
Oh, you're thinking of me
I need for you to think about me
The way that I have been thinking of you (Like I think about you, baby)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
I hope that you have been thinking of me too
I hope that it's you
And I hope that you're thinking of, thinking of, thinking of me too
The way that I have been thinking of you
Pick up the phone

[Intro]
Hey no ... noo oooooh
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better boy than I am
Than I am

[Verse 1]
When your out at night and your in the streets
And you have time to yourself
Think of all the love that you get from me
That you can't find nowhere else
When your far away and I'm not around
And temptation fills your heart
Think of all the ways that I'm faithful babe
To replace me would be hard
Cause ain't nobody

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
(No, nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
(No)
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Verse 2]
You can try to act single if you wanna
You can go ahead and mingle if you wanna
You can even behave like you don't care
But you know (but you know)
Like I know (like I know)
That you ain't that foolish
Who you foolin'?
You won't ruin
What's been here all along, you ain't movin'
From what you've got at home

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
(No, nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
(No)
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am

[Bridge]
I just want you to know
Baby I love you so
There is no need to go lookin' for nothin more
Cause I've got everything you'll ever need right here
But if you feel that you need to leave
Just know!!

[Chorus]
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
(Ain't nobody)
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am
Ain't nobody gonna treat you better
Ain't nobody gonna touch you better
Ain't nobody gonna love you better
Boy, than I am, than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Than I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
As I am
As I am
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
(Nobody, nobody)
As I am
(Nobody, nobody)
As I am
(Nobody, nobody)
Ohh, nobody's gonna treat you as good as I am
Why won't you grow up and be a man someday
I can't believe that you're still playing silly games
Now why do I put up with all this childish play
Now if your word is all you have, then you ain't worth a damn thing

You told me everyday (that you made)
You never ever came (not for me)
I really want to believe (but not today)
Not today, not today, not today

You're the worst, I can't even depend on you
You say a lot of good things, but somethin' else you always do
Be a man of your word, try to love something or love in you
But now you can be on your way, because I don't want you today

Bought a house, bought the kids
Lifestyles we would live
Who the fuck you really is
In my face all the time
Spittin' line afta line
Broke down my wall and you got in my mind
You's a fake, shoulda known
All the times I was shown
Believe what I saw and your cover was blown
Break up leave, make up please
You's a magician, all the tricks up your sleeve
Have me for a minute an' I was in it
You played good but I'ma bet you gotta get it
So I make moves and I'ma leave you where you at dog, chill
Go back to square one, wait for somethin' real
Selfish nigga, coulda helped you nigga
Usually know betta but I felt you nigga
I guess gettin' in my head was part of the plan
Cause in reality, the only thing you givin' me is
You told me everyday (that you made)
You never ever came (not for me)
I really want to believe (but not today)
Not today, not today, not today

You told me everyday (that you made)
You never ever came (not for me)
I really want to believe (but not today)
Not today, not today, not today

Don't let him waste your time girl (don't let him waste your time girl)
He's only tellin' lies girl (he's only tellin' some lies to you)
Then he apologizes (and he will, he will)
Don't believe all that mess cause he will do it again

You told me everyday (that you made)
You never ever came (not for me)
I really want to believe (but not today)
Not today, not today, not today

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know

[Verse 1]
I just don't understand
What is your master plan?
What would you have me do?
Confusion in my mind
Been hurt a thousand times
Now I know you're not true
(That's why I can't be with you)

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't know what it meant to me
Just to make you happy
All this time I've waited
Now our love has faded
Please tell me why it's gone
So my life can go on

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
(You would never know that I'm going 'round)
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know

[Verse 2]
I told you once before
I'm walking out the door
I'm leaving you behind
Thinking 'bout you all the time
Makes me so sad and blue
Now what are we gonna do
(That's why I can't be with you)

[Pre-Chorus]
You don't know what you did to me
When you told me you loved me
Now you're actin' shady
Now I'm going crazy
Please stop holding back from me
'Cause I got to keep from going 'round

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
(Where I stop, you will never know I'm going 'round)
Round and round I go
(Gotta keep from going 'round)
Where I stop, you will never know

[Bridge]
Oh, ohhhh
Oh, ohhhh
Oh, ohhhh
Oh, ohhhh

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
(360 degrees I'm going around and around)
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know

[Bridge 2]
You promised me you'd never leave
You said you'd stay with me always
Always
Oh, oh, you'd never leave, oh, oh

[Chorus]
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
Round and round I go
Where I stop, you will never know
Said farewell to my last hotel, it never was much kind of abode
Glasgow town never brought me down when i was heading out on the road
Carlisle city never looked so pretty, and the kendal freeway is fast
Slow down driver, wanna stay alive, i wanna make this journey last

Helen (helen) hell on wheels
Ain't nobody else gonna know the way she feels
Helen (helen) hell on wheels
And they never gonna take her away

M6 south down Liverpool, where they play the west coast sound
Sailor sam, he came from Birmingham, but he never will be found
Doin' fine when a london sign, greets me like a long lost friend
Mister motor won't you check her out, she's gotta take me back again

Helen (helen) hell on wheels
Ain't nobody else gonna know the way she feels
Helen (helen) hell on wheels
And they never gonna take her away

Got no time for a rum and lime, i wanna get my right foot down;
Shake some dust off of this old bus, i gotta get her out of town
Spend the day upon the motorway, where the carburettors blast;
Slow down driver, wanna stay alive, i wanna make this journey last
Helen (helen) hell on wheels
Ain't nobody else gonna know the way she feels
Helen (helen) hell on wheels
And they never gonna take her away

Say bye-bye.....fade out

[Intro]
25/8

[Verse 1]
I can love you with my eyes closed
I see your heart through a blindfold
I ain't never ever met another better
So my baby ain't no way that I'ma let go
From the North to the South Pole
On the East or the West Coast
Every area code, all over the globe
Ain't no way on the planet you can go that I won't

[Pre-Chorus]
From sun up to sun down
I'll always be around
Every minute of every hour
Still it ain't enough time

[Chorus]
'Cause I got days and days of love for you, boy
And I don't wanna have to rush
But 24/7 ain't enough, no
'Cause I got so much love for you, boy
I need another hour and a day
So I can love you 25/8, 25/8

[Verse 2]
You ain't gotta worry about me, no
Ain't no questioning my loyalty
You've been there for me even when nobody
Cared enough to check and see if I was breathing
See, don't nobody really know me (know me)
You and me, we got history
So I give you a part for loving me, boy
Put your hand in my hand, I'll lead the way out

[Pre-Chorus]
From sun up to sun down
I'll always be around
Every minute of every hour
Still it ain't enough time

[Chorus]
'Cause I got days and days of love, for you, boy
And I don't wanna have to rush
But 24/7 ain't enough, oh
'Cause I got so much love for you, boy
I need another hour and a day
So I can love you 25/8

[Bridge]
Ain't nobody give me love, give me love like I need
See, I love the way you make me smile
When things ain't going right
You know how to hold me tight
And make the pain go away, oh yeah
Every day baby, every night baby (Every night)
On the weekday, on any day
On everyday, I'm alive baby
I'ma love you, help me sing it out
Every day baby, every night baby
On the weekday, on any day
On every day, I'm alive baby
I'ma love you, help me sing it out

[Outro]
Days and days and days of love, for you, boy
And I don't wanna have to rush
But 24/7 ain't enough
'Cause I got so much love for you boy
I need another hour and a day
So I can love you 25/8...

I need days and days, I need days and days of love
I need days and days, I need days and days of love

[Intro]
Uh, OD'ing on drugs
Ayy, bring me a lighter
Somebody, please
(Wheezy Beats)

[Chorus]
I think I'm OD'ing on drugs
Nigga, I started a fight inside the club
Never switched up on my brew I'm not a dub
I got a foreign car outside sittin' on some dubs
Baby said she gon' help me out with my problems
I'm still screaming fuck the crime stoppers
Yes I'll hit you up, go do a dub for my partner
Yeah, riding in the back just like a scrub for my partner
Knuck if you buck for my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I show love for my partner (Yeah, yeah)
I'ma fuck a ho when I leave the club just for my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'ma pull off and take off on my plug that's for my partner
I can live life on a boat like Nautica with my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
That's my motherfuckin' partner in crime, baby
And you know I'm never stoppin' the time lil' baby (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you know it's not a doubt in my mind lil' baby (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you know I'm doin' it for the slimes baby

[Verse 1]
Thugga, I'm a big beast, yeah, wilderbeast
You can't see me, I'm tired of these streets
I will remain an OG when deceased (Ah, yeah)
R.I.P. Mike Brown, fuck the Cops (Yeah)
Screamin' R.I.P. Bennie shootin' up a block (Grra)
No clock, lil' nigga sit back and watch
Me move, all of these chickens lil' nigga, no Popeye's (Damn)
When my palm go to itchin' boy I get missin' (Yeah)
Whippin' up fake dope in Big Duck's kitchen (Ah, woop)
I swear to god I hurt to whip it, ah (Yeah)
Dirty Cup for a nigga sippin', oh
When I get through with that 4 a nigga trippin', woah
I changed my shoes to Givenchy's they no trippin' no
I'm a young rich nigga, flip a flippin' O
S-L-I-M-E, yeah, I wipe your nose
Wipe it, wipe it, wipe it
I get that pussy and I just demolish, -molish, -molish (Yeah)
Divide it, all in they mouth no trident
No baby, but I wipe it, I kiss it and good night it
I make love and I fight it
Precise and yes it's righteous
My luck and how and why can't I fuck it all night
Got sticks and I'm never scared, never frightened (No)
Keep 'em all out your business they just here because of your riches
You keep these ones flyin', no biscuit
This money I'm gettin', it got me

[Chorus]
OD'ing on drugs
Nigga, I started a fight inside the club
Never switched up on my brew I'm not a dub
I got a foreign car outside sittin' on some dubs
Baby said she gon' help me out with my problems
I'm still screaming fuck the crime stoppers
Yes I'll hit you up, go do a dub for my partner
Yeah, riding in the back just like a scrub for my partner
Knuck if you buck for my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I show love for my partner (Yeah, yeah)
I'ma fuck a ho when I leave the club just for my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'ma pull off and take off on my plug that's for my partner
I can live life on a boat like Nautica with my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
That's my motherfuckin' partner in crime, baby
And you know I'm never stoppin' the time lil' baby (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you know it's not a doubt in my mind lil' baby (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you know I'm doin' it for the slimes baby

[Verse 2]
Dolly White, yeah, I do it for you, Slime
Dora, yeah, I do it for you, Slime
Big Duck, yeah, I do it for you, Slime
Hey, Jeff, I do it for you, Slime
Junior, I do it for you, Keisha, I do it for you, Bennie, I do it for you
Emsley, I do it for you, Sheen, I do it for you, Gregory, I do it for you
Kat I do it for you, Unfoonk, I do it for you
I'll survive in a zoo
I take care of my kids, no matter what else I do
Rocko, I do, I do
Yeah, and that on God that it's true
My niggas they was some clothes bandits
Now they dealin' with bad bitches and they know they have it
And they show they have it, bitch, we photograph it
I might put mud on my truck and hop out clean and dandy
Free my lil' brother Bean, yeah, you know, a savage
Yeah, but he don't wrestle, no Randy
Pussy clean, she don't need panties
I see right through that bitch like she panoramic
Yeah, I treat that beef just like fuckin' manwich
I'm, I'm screamin' 30 fuck a blue jean bandit
We don't care about no jeans we just want that cash in
So we stole the truck and smashed it, 'cause tragic when I'm

[Chorus]
OD'ing on drugs
Nigga, I started a fight inside the club
Never switched up on my brew I'm not a dub
I got a foreign car outside sittin' on some dubs
Baby said she gon' help me out with my problems
I'm still screaming fuck the crime stoppers
Yes I'll hit you up, go do a dub for my partner
Yeah, riding in the back just like a scrub for my partner
Knuck if you buck for my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I show love for my partner (Yeah, yeah)
I'ma fuck a ho when I leave the club just for my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'ma pull off and take off on my plug that's for my partner
I can live life on a boat like Nautica with my partner (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
That's my motherfuckin' partner in crime, baby
And you know I'm never stoppin' the time lil' baby (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you know it's not a doubt in my mind lil' baby (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you know I'm doin' it for the slimes baby

[Verse 1]
I've been searching for someone
But never looked before my eyes
There you were to my surprise
It was so obvious looking into your face
After playing a game of truth or dare
I wanted to stay at your place

[Pre-Chorus]
I never thought that I would fall in love with you
But since the day we kissed I knew it had to be you
I never thought we would be together
I can't believe I just made love to you
After all the things that we've been through
Now what are we gonna do? Ohh

[Chorus]
Monday, a friend of mine, Tuesday, we played a game
Wednesday, you went away, Thursday, things weren't the same
On Friday, you came back I wanted to kiss you on Saturday
On Sunday we made love, now what are we gonna do?

[Verse 2]
As much as I, I want you, I don't wanna wreck a friend
I've already found in you
I've been there before and I can't ignore
How two friends became one but walked away with none

[Pre-Chorus]
I cannot risk a friend but the love is so good
I gotta make a choice I would if I could
I never thought we would be together, how can I address you?
"Hey lover?", "Hi friend!" "How ya doin'?", "Where ya been?"
I gotta make a choice

[Chorus]
Monday, a friend of mine, Tuesday, we played a game
Wednesday, you went away, Thursday, things weren't the same
On Friday, you came back I wanted to kiss you on Saturday
On Sunday we made love, now what are we gonna do?
Monday, a friend of mine, Tuesday, we played a game
Wednesday, you went away, Thursday, things weren't the same
On Friday, you came back I wanted to kiss you on Saturday
On Sunday we made love, now what are we gonna do?
(What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?)

[George Benson guitar solo]

[Outro]
Monday
Things weren't the same
On Monday we made sweet sweet love, Tuesday, we played a game
On Sunday we made love, now what are we gonna do?

Monday, a friend of mine, Tuesday, we played a game
Wednesday, you went away

[Intro]
The Runners

Konvict

(New York City)

[Verse 1]
I stopped myself from calling you
I wish you knew how bad I wanted to
But I looked at my phone
And said, just leave it alone

[Pre-Chorus]
Though he been on my mind
When I'm traveling far away
We're so in love
'Cause it's meant for us to be this way
In a minute it'll be on
'Cause we wanted it for so long

[Chorus]
Just wait 'til you get home tonight
When we make up
We can deal with it but after we make love, ooh ooh
Happy to be in your life, just wait until tonight
Just wait until tonight

(New York City)

[Verse 2]
You show me something in love
That no one can contest
If I have to lay down my life for you
I'm prepared
Can't let this moment pass
Gotta make it like our last

[Pre-Chorus]
I know it feels so right
I know my feelings just can't be denied
Be sacrificed, wait until tonight
We can put it on the line

[Chorus]
Just wait 'til you get home tonight
When we make up
We can deal with it but after we make love
Happy to be in your life, just wait until tonight
Just wait until tonight

[Bridge]
In the morning when we wake up
We can deal with it but after we make love
Happy to be in your life, just wait until tonight
Just wait until tonight

In New York City, New York City

[Outro]
In the morning when we wake up
We can deal with it but after we make love, ooh ooh
Happy to be in your life, just wait until tonight
Just wait until tonight

[Verse 1]
Whenever I say your name, whenever I call to mind your face
Whatever bread's in my mouth, whatever the sweetest wine that I taste
Whenever your memory feeds my soul, whatever got broken becomes whole
Whenever I'm filled with doubts that we will be together
Wherever I lay me down, wherever I put my head to sleep
Whenever I hurt and cry, whenever I got to lie awake and weep
Whenever I kneel to pray, whenever I need to find a way
I'm calling out your name
Whenever those dark clouds hide the moon
Whenever this world has gotten so strange
I know that something's going to change
Something's going to change

[Chorus]
Whenever I say your name, Whenever I say your name
I'm already praying, I'm already praying
I'm already filled with a joy that I can't explain
Wherever I lay me down, wherever I rest my weary head to sleep
Whenever I hurt and cry, whenever I got to lie awake and weep
Whenever I'm on the floor
Whatever it was that I believed before
Whenever I say your name, whenever I say it loud, I'm already praying

[Verse 2]
Whenever this world has got me down, whenever I shed a tear
Whenever the TV makes me mad, whenever I'm paralyzed with fear
Whenever those dark clouds fill the sky, whenever I lose the reason why
Whenever I'm filled with doubts that we will be together
Whenever the sun refuse to shine, whenever the skies are pouring rain
Whatever I lost I thought was mine
Whenever I close my eyes in pain
Whenever I kneel to pray, whenever I need to find a way
I'm calling out your name
Whenever this dark begins to fall
Whenever I'm vulnerable and small
Whenever I feel like I could die
(Whenever I feel like I could die)
Whenever I'm holding back the tears that I cry

[Chorus]
Whenever I say your name, whenever I call to mind your face
I'm already praying
Whatever bread's in my mouth
Whatever the sweetest wine that I taste
Wherever I lay me down
Wherever I rest my weary head to sleep
Whenever I hurt and cry
Whenever I'm forced to lie awake and have to weep
Whenever I'm on the floor
Whatever it was that I believed before
Whenever I say your name
Whenever I say it loud
I'm already praying

[Outro]
Whenever I say your name
(uuuuuuuuuuuu)
No matter how long it takes
One day we'll be together
(We will be together)
Whenever I say your name
I say when I hurt and cry
Let there be no mistake
That day will last forever

[?]
Whenever I say your name
(Whenever I say your name)
(Jeah)
No matter how long it takes
One day we'll be together
(One day we'll be together)
Whenever I say your name
Whenever
Whenever I say it loud
Let there be no mistake
No metter

[?]
That day will last forever
Whenever I say your name
Whenever I say your name
No matter

[?]
No matter how long it takes
One day we'll be together
(We will be together)
Whenever I say your name
Whenever
Whenever I say it loud
Let there be no mistake
That day will last forever
Whenever I say your name...
Let's get it crunk upon
Have fun upon up in this dancery
We got y'all open, now ya floatin'
So you gots to dance for me

Don't need no hateration
Holleration in this dancery
Let's get it perculatin' while you're waiting
So just dance for me

Come on everybody, get on up
'Cause you know we gots to get it crunk
Mary J. is in the spot tonight
And I'mma make you feel alright (make you feel alright)

Come on baby just party with me
Let loose and set your body free
Leave your situations at the door
So when you step inside, jump on the floor

Let's get it crunk upon
Have fun upon up in this dancery
We got y'all open, now ya floatin'
So you gots to dance for me
Don't need no hateration
Holleration in this dancery
Let's get it perculatin' while you're waiting
So just dance for me

It's only gonna be about a matter of time
Before you get loose and start to lose your mind
Cop you a drink, go 'head and rock your ice
'Cause we celebrating no more drama in our life

With a Dre track pumpin', everybody's jumpin'
Go ahead and twist your back and get your body bumpin'
I told you leave your situations at the door
So grab somebody and get your ass on the dance floor

Let's get it crunk upon
Have fun upon up in this dancery
We got y'all open, now ya floatin'
So you gots to dance for me

Don't need no hateration
Holleration in this dancery
Let's get it perculatin' while you're waiting
So just dance for me

We don't need no haters (no, we don't need no)
We just tryin' to love one another
We just want y'all have a good time
No more drama in your life
Work real hard to make a dime
If you got beef, your problem, not mine
Leave all that BS outside
We're gonna celebrate all night
Let's have fun tonight, no fights
Turn the Dre track way up high

Making you dance all night and I
Got some real heat for ya this time
It doesn't matter if you're white or black
Let's get crunk 'cause Mary's back

Let's get it crunk upon
Have fun upon up in this dancery
We got y'all open, now ya floatin'
So you gots to dance for me

Don't need no hateration
Holleration in this dancery
Let's get it perculatin' while you're waiting
So just dance for me

Let's get it crunk upon
Have fun upon up in this dancery
We got y'all open, now ya floatin'
So you gots to dance for me
Don't need no hateration
Holleration in this dancery
Let's get it perculatin' while you're waiting
So just dance for me

Let's get it crunk upon
Have fun upon up in this dancery
We got y'all open, now ya floatin'
So you gots to dance for me

Don't need no hateration
Holleration in this dancery
Let's get it perculatin' while you're waiting
So just dance for me

[Verse 1]
I don't want nobody, always
Sittin' around me and my man
I don't want nobody, always
Sittin' right there
Lookin' at me and that man
Be it my mother, my brother, or my sister
Would you believe, I'll get up, put on some clothes
Go out and help them find somebody for theirself if I can
Yes I will

[Bridge]
Now, I don't mind company
Because company's alright with me every once in awhile
Yes it is
I say I don't mind company
Because company's alright with me every once in awhile
Yeah
But oh, oh, when me and that man get to lovin'
I tell you, girl, I dig you, but I just don't have time
To sit, and chit, and sit and chit-chat and smile

[Chorus]
Don't send me no doctor
Fillin' me up with all of those pills
I got me a man named Doctor Feelgood
And oh, yeah, that man takes care of all of my pains and my ills
His name is Doctor Feelgood in the morning
And takin' care of business is really this man's game
And after one visit to Dr. Feelgood
You'll understand why Feelgood is his name

[Outro]
Oh! Yeah! Ooh!
Good God almighty, the man sure makes me feel real
Good!

[Chorus: R. Kelly & (Mary J. Blige)]
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight
It's about time that we met
(It's about time)
And it's about time a love I won't forget
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight
It's about time that we met
(It's about time)
And it's about time a love I won't forget

[Verse 1: R. Kelly]
For so long I've waited for the chance
To be with you
And to lie with you, baby
In my dreams I take you by the hand
In our house on the beach
Making love on jet black sand

[Pre-Chorus: R. Kelly]
Baby, finally the time (The time)
Has come for us to share (To share)
The joy that we will need (Oh)
And nothing can compare

[Chorus: R. Kelly]
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight (It's on)
It's about time that we met
(It's about time that we met)
And it's about time a love I won't forget
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight
(Ooh, lady, tonight, it's on)
It's about time that we met
(It's about time that we met)
And it's about time a love I won't forget

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
I waited all my life
Boy, for you to come along
And make that joyful sacrifice
Two kids, a dog, and a home
Is like a dream come to life
When I look into your dazing eyes

[Pre-Chorus: R. Kelly & (Mary J. Blige)]
Baby, finally the time (Now's the time)
Has come for us to share (To share)
The joy that we will need (Oh)
And nothing can compare

[Chorus: R. Kelly & (Mary J. Blige)]
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight
It's about time that we met (It's about time)
And it's about time a love I won't forget
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight (And it's on tonight)
It's about time that we met (Oh)
And it's about time, a love I won't forget

[Bridge: R. Kelly & Mary J. Blige]
All my life I've waited
To get next to you
You, baby, you, you, oh
And every night I've prayed
Your love would come my way
And finally the time, finally
Has come for us to be lovers

[Chorus: R. Kelly & Mary J. Blige]
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight (And it's on, and it's on)
It's about time that we met (It's about time)
And it's about time, a love I won't forget
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight (And it's on)
It's about time that we met (It's on)
And it's about time, a love I won't forget
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on, and it's on
And it's on tonight
It's about time that we met (Now it's on)
And it's about time, a love I won't forget
It's too bad, it's too bad
It's too bad, it's too bad, baby
But I gotta face reality
It's too bad, it's too bad
Too bad baby, yeah
But I gotta face reality

Today you had a visitor
Or should I say an old friend
But wait a minute
That's not where it ends, no
Is there something
That you wanna tell me, hmm
Cause I'm believing what your friends say
About your hidden secrecies

Your girlfriend
She wasn't disrespectful
In fact, she's a hundred percent sure
And how could I argue with her
Holding a baby with eyes like yours
She said it's your child
And it really messed me up
How could you deny
Your own flesh and blood
Gotta face reality
There can never be any more us
Won't deny it's hurting me
Yet so precious

She said she never wanted to hurt me
And could I understand, she's afraid and lost
She said a real woman wouldn't do this over the phone
And that you told her about me after the baby was born, oh

Your girlfriend
She wasn't disrespectful
In fact, she's a hundred percent sure
And how could I argue with her
Holding a baby with eyes like yours
She said it's your child
And it really messed me up
How could you deny
Your own flesh and blood
Gotta face reality
There can never be any more us
Won't deny it's hurting me
Yet so precious
She said it's your child
And it really messed me up
How could you deny
Your own flesh and blood
Gotta face reality
There can never be any more us
Won't deny it's hurting me
Yet so precious
Hmm, oh the baby looks just like you
How could you deny your own flesh and blood
Your own child
What kind of man are you?
Oh, oh and

Your girlfriend
She wasn't disrespectful
In fact, she's a hundred percent sure
And how could I argue with her
Holding a baby with eyes like yours
She said it's your child
And it really messed me up
How could you deny
Your own flesh and blood
Gotta face reality
There can never be any more us
Won't deny it's hurting me
Yet so precious
She said it's your child
And it really messed me up
How could you deny
Your own flesh and blood
Gotta face reality
There can never be any more us
Won't deny it's hurting me
Yet so precious
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du
But I don't know how
You feel
About me
It's just not fa-a-a-a-a-a-air fa-a-a-a-a-a-air

Oh, I wanna give you my (heart)
I wanna give you my (love)
I wanna give you my (oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh)
Oh, oh, oh
I wanna be together
Together for forever
But I don't think that you can see our love that far

'Cause when I'm givin' you lovin' I feel you're holdin' back
We can be in the same room and I don't know where you're at
You say you love me love me, but do you love me I don't know-o-o-o-o-o-ow
Oh-o-o-o-o-o-oh
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du
But I don't know how
You feel
About me
It's just not fa-a-a-a-a-a-air fa-a-a-a-a-a-air

Oh, I tried to give you my (everything)
I wasn't askin' for much (only one ring)
But we can work it out (no-o-o-o, no-o-o-o, don't go-o-o-o)
Oh, oh, oh
I need you in my life
Don't wanna live a lie
But I don't know if you gon' take
Boy make some sense to me

'Cause when I'm givin' you lovin' I feel you're holdin' back
We can be in the same room and I don't know where you're at
You say you love me love me, but do you love me I don't know-o-o-o-o-o-ow
Oh-o-o-o-o-o-oh

I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du, I
I love u, yes I du
But I don't know how
You feel
About me
It's just not fa-a-a-a-a-a-air fa-a-a-a-a-a-air
Oh

[Intro - lil wayne]
Cut the music up
A little louder
Yeah

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
You had a lot of crooks try to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love
You had a lot of moments that didn’t last forever
Now you in a corner, tryna put it together
How to love, how to love
For a second you were here, now you over there
It's hard not to stare the way you're moving your body
Like you never had a love, never had a love

[Verse 1 - lil wayne]
When you was just a youngin, your looks were so precious
But now you're grown up, so fly it's like a blessing
But you can’t have a man look at you for five seconds
Without you being insecure
You never credit yourself, so when you got older
It seems like you came back ten times over
Now you’re sitting here in this damn corner
Looking through all your thoughts and looking over your shoulder

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
See you had a lot of crooks trying to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love

[Verse 2: Enrique Iglesias]
Te fuiste pero nunca me dijiste adios
Me dejaste en mil pedazos por no saber amar como amar?
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?
Te acuerdas de esa noche eramos adolescentes queria darte un beso
Y tu tan inocente me tenias locamente enamorado, me tenias locamente enamorado
Y ya lo ves, lo que fue ya fue te marchaste poco a poco de mi lado y yo sigo locamente enamorado aqui sigo locamente enamorado
Te fuiste pero nunca me dijiste adios me dejaste en mil pedazos por no saber amar como amar?
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar

[Bridge]
See, I just want you to know that you deserve the best
You’re beautiful, you’re beautiful
Yeah, and I want you to know
You’re far from the usual, far from the usual

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
How to love
See you had a lot of crooks trying to steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn’t never figure out
How to love, how to love

[Enrique Iglesias]
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?

[Chorus: Lil Wayne]
See you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love

[Enrique Iglesias]
La vida va pasando tu carita no a cambiado
Esos ojitos negros que siguen suplicando como amar como amar?
(feat. U2)
Is it getting better
Or do you feel the same?
Will it make it easier on you now?
You got someone to blame
You say one love, one life (one life)
It's one need in the night
One love (one love), get to share it
Leaves you darling, if you don't care for it
Did I disappoint you?
Or leave a bad taste in your mouth?
You act like you never had love
And you want me to go without
Well it's too late, tonight
To drag the past out into the light
We're one, but we're not the same
We get to carry each other
Carry each other
One...
Have you come here for forgiveness?
Have you come to raise the dead?
Have you come here to play Jesus?
To the lepers in your head
Well, did I ask too much, more than a lot?
You gave me nothing, now it's all I got
Me and you been up talkin'
Seems like all night
And ain't nothin' wrong with us talkin'
To make things alright

But it's a new day, baby
I know I made a mistake
I know that you gon' love anyway

And I know that I was wrong
But today I need to move on
I gotta give myself a break
'Cause I know that
All the mess don't matter anyway

When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
'Cause I know that
All the mess don't matter anyway

I've been sitting here all day stressin'
Over nothing at all
You would think that I learned my lesson
I know I need to pick my

Head up, get up
Be on my way
I know that everything will be okay

And I know that I was wrong
But today I need to move on
I gotta give myself a break
'Cause I know that
All the mess don't matter anyway

When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you

'Cause I know that
All the mess don't matter anyway
You know I love you
Do anything to see you smile
Look what we've been through
Our love has stood the test of time

When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you

'Cause I know that
All the mess don't matter anyway

When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you
When it's said and done
I'm lovin' you, I'm lovin' you

'Cause I know that
All the mess don't matter anyway

Don't matter
'Cause I'm loving you

[Verse 1]
There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying the stairway to heaven
When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed
With a word she can get what she came for
Ooh, ooh, and she's buying the stairway to heaven
There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure
Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven

[Chorus]
Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, it makes me wonder

[Verse 2]
There's a feeling I get when I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking

[Chorus]
Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, it makes me wonder

[Verse 3]
And it's whispered that soon if we all call the tune
Then the piper will lead us to reason
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter

[Verse 4]
If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May queen
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on
And it makes me wonder
Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know
The piper's calling you to join him
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow, and did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind

[Bridge]
And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold
And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last
When all are one and one is all
To be a rock and not to roll

[Outro]
And she's buying the stairway to heaven
I always wanted you to be my baby
When you touch me boy you drive me crazy
I don't wanna be your secret lover
When I get you boy there'll be no other

You and me its gotta be (the real thing)
Diamond, gold I'll set you free (my baby)
Wait too long boy I'll be gone (so hurry)
Wanna get this love don't do me wrong

What you find now ( I think I love you)
What you feel now (I think I need you)
What you know now ( to be real)

I get with you boy on one condition
If you promise not to ever mention
All the things we do to any of your friends
I will promise you love never ends

You and me its gotta be (the real thing)
Diamond, gold I'll set you free (my baby)
Wait too long boy I'll be gone (so hurry)
Wanna get this love don't do me wrong
What you find now ( I think I love you)
What you feel now (I think I need you)
What you know now ( to be real)

I pulled up 2 the front door of your love and I
Knock knocked and you opened up now you
Can't get enough, you was thinking one lil' date
Ate sushi wit ya soul mate
Dead the ice or the SUV's
Our love grows we chose to water the seeds
You the one I've fallen for the more we walk down love's corridor
The angels all applaud (I want ya)
See the look in my eyes don't ya
Like a kid in my whip with Willy Wonka
Like back in the day playin wit Tonka
Gimme ya palm ma lemme read ya fortune
I see trust with hard times and honesty
We gon' go down in history
One look in your face just prove the fact
That u don't have 2 chase what u can attract
Now what's real

What you find now ( I think I love you)
What you feel now (I think I need you)
What you know now ( to be real)
What you find now ( got to be real)
What you feel now (got to be real)
What you know now ( to be real)

What you find now
What you feel now
What you know now ( to be real)
Yea, you know Mary
These last couple of years I have been going through some changes
Good and bad, but you know what?
At the end of it, it's still all love girl:yea

Ohhhh oh baby

You stayed away half the night
Love has just
Put you through changes uh
Tell me why, tell me why, tell me why
It must be love
That's on your mind
You're doing things you wouldn't before
And you ought to know that

Love will make you oh so happy inside
(I try to control it, but it's just taking over me)
Love will make you oh so sad
Make you cry
Changes
Love changes ooh love changes
That's what love puts us through
Love changes ooh love changes
Changes
That's what love makes one do
Ooh love changes

Wondering if it's real this time
There's not another
Hey good-bye
You walk around

Starry-eyed
I can't believe thought would
Hurt again
Hurt again
I can't believe that this love will

Love will make you oh so happy inside
(I try to control it, but it's just taking over me)
Love will make you oh so sad
Make you cry

You know what Mary?
Yea Jamie?
All I want to do is just get to back to the basics
I want to get back to the loving
Get back to hugging
Get back to caring
Get back to sharing
Get back to understanding
Everything we do
Get back to even teaching
Teach me please
Get back to loving your woman
Get back to loving your man
Get back to cooking for your man
Whenever you're hungry baby
Changes
Love changes
Ooh love changes
Changes
Oooh love changes

Love will make you oh so happy inside
(I try to control it, but it's just taking over me)
Love will make you oh so sad
Make you cry

Put your hands in the air
If you know what I mean tonight

[Verse 1]
Baby, when this all began
We said that love would never end
Some time has passed, we've settled in
And now the shadow of darkness is hovering, yeah
Tell me what happened
It started changing up
And you and me are acting so different, oh
I know that I love you
And you're in love with me, that's what you say
But I just can't believe it

[Pre-Chorus]
Yeah, we disagree, fuss and fight
We get it wrong more than it's right
Yeah, we make mistakes and fix mistakes
We're never even seein' eye to eye
But when the dust clears and settles
And it's all said and done
When the night breaks and day finally comes

[Chorus]
Will you love me in the morning?
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
After the evening, will you leave me?
Will you love me in the morning?
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
Now that the sun's up, will you give up?

[Verse 2]
I agree, it's different
What once was just ain't the same, no
But weren't you expecting this?
See, when it's true love there will be some bitterness, yeah
Now you're so distant
I know I'm not the woman that I was
But you are not the man you were, oh
But if you say you love me
When it's good enough, you're still in love
You shouldn't even shake your world

[Pre-Chorus]
Yeah, we disagree, fuss and fight
We get it wrong more than it's right
Yeah, we make mistakes and fix mistakes
We're never even seein' eye to eye
But when the dust clears and settles
And it's all said and done
When the night breaks and day finally comes

[Chorus]
Will you love me in the morning?
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
After the evening, will you leave me?
Will you love me in the morning?
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
Now that the sun's up, will you give up?

[Bridge]
I know things ain't the way it's 'posed to be
But it's okay, we'll get through this
Baby, it's worth it
Sometimes we have doubts, and love just ain't perfect
So don't give up

[Chorus]
Just love me in the morning
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
After the evening, will you leave me?
Will you love me in the morning?
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
Now that the sun's up, will you give up?
Will you love me in the morning?
(In, in, in)
After the sun's up, will you give up?
(In, in, in)
Hey hey hey, oh, oh, oh oh oh
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
After the evening, will you leave me?
Love me in the morning
(In the morning, in the morning, in)
Now that the sun's up, will you give up?

[Outro]
Don't give up on me, just love me
Just love me, just love me

[Intro: Mary J. Blige & Kazi]
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy
Hey hey hey hey hey hey
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy
Hey hey hey hey hey hey
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy
Hey hey hey hey hey hey
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy
Hey hey hey hey hey hey
You know you bring me joy
Because you know you bring me joy

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
You know if the time is right
I don't wanna fuss and fight
I just wanna let you know
I'm feeling good tonight
I want you to take my hand and promise you'll be cool
Because I know you like the way that I move

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Oh boy, you bring me joy
Some try to play me
But they can't fade me
Oh boy, you've go it goin' on
And you make me happy (Happy)
So very happy

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy
(What I'm gonna do, yeah)
I don't know if I could live
(I don't know, I don't know)
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
You know when I think of you
I'm thinkin' of myself
I just wanna be with you, my friend
And no one else
It's not hard to say what I feel
Because you know that my love is for real

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Oh boy, I'll be your toy
Come on and play with me
And never leave me
Oh boy, you've got it goin' on
And you satisfy me (Yes, you do)
You satisfy me

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
So much joy
In my world (Ooh, la la la)
Be my man (Be my man)
And I'll be your girl

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy
(What I'm gonna do, yeah)
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Verse 3: Mary J. Blige]
Wait just a minute
Something else is on my mind
I don't wanna have to tell you this but one more time
You're the only man I want
And I am never gonna front
On ya, baby, so relax your mind
And realize

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
(Realize that I'ma do you right)
In my life, boy
I don't know if I could live
(I don't know, I don't know)
Live without you
You bring me joy

[Interlude: MC Lyte]
Lyte checkin' in on the ones and twos
Do 'em up a lil somethin' on the mic, Lin Que

[Verse 4: Lin Que & MC Lyte]
Uh, oh boy, live to give me joy
I'm followin' your tail like the wheels in a convoy
Though like a tomboy, yeah, rugged's how I'm livin'
I come stronger than mace with more grace than Thanksgiving (Yeah)
I got a trippin', more than a stewardess
Watch that muscle stiffen as if givin' rigor mortis
I'm not the Taurus but the virgin keeps ya soakin'
You can't front, you know I gotcha open
I'm only buggin', yep, because I'm so in love witcha
Be on ya like cocaine be arranged upon a smuggler
You're like my jugular, my bouncin' baby boy
Don't know what I'd do without ya, you bring me joy

[Interlude: MC Lyte]
Lyte checkin' in on the ones and twos
We did 'em up a lil somethin' on the mic, Lin Que

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy
(I don't know)
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy
(I don't know, I don't know)
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy
(What I'm gonna do, yeah)
I don't know if I could live
Live without you
You bring me joy
I don't know what I would do
Do without you
In my life, boy

[Verse 1]
Hey, can't you just see me
With my head in the air
The day you trip and fall
Right out of my hair
I'm gonna walk right by you
Like you were stone
Everything that I felt for you, baby
Will be dead and gone

[Chorus]
Hey, can't you just see me
(Can't you just see her)
Can't you just see me, girls
(Can't you just see her)
Can't you just see me now
(Can't you just see her)
With my head in the air
(With her head in the air)

[Verse 2]
Hey, can't you just see me
With another man
Just a-hugging and a-kissing
And him holding my hand
I'm gonna feel so happy
Just paying you back
For all the times that you hurt me, baby
By doing you just like that

[Chorus]
Oh, can't you just see me
(Can't you just see her)
Can't you just see me now
(Can't you just see her)
Can't you just see me, girls
(Can't you just see her)
With my head in the air
(With her head in the air)

[Instrumental Break]

[Chorus]
Can't you just see me
(Can't you just see her)
Ooh ooh, can't you just see me now
(Can't you just see her)
Can't you just see me, girls
(Can't you just see her)
With my head in the air
(With her head in the air)

[Outro]
I wanna look in your eyes
(Can't you just see her)
And see a whole lotta tears
(Can't you just see her)
You know that you done me bad
(Can't you just see her)
For a whole lotta years
(Can't you just see her)
And I might slap your face
(Can't you just see her)
All over the place
(Can't you just see her)
Ooh, can't you just
Can't you just, can't you just
Can't you just see me now
(Can't you just see her)

[Intro: Mary J. Blige]
Oh oh oh, baby
(Whatcha gonna do) Baby
My, my, my love
Hey

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
I was a fool to let you in
Knowing you would play with my heart
That was so long ago that I thought we could make a new start
You left me brokenhearted from the day your love departed
Now that love you found with someone new is gone
And so you wanna come back

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love (My love), my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do, baby?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love (My love), my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
Sweet memories of yesterday when it all seemed so right
I was loving you, kissing you, holding you tight
I wish you'd known that woman that you learned to leave today
And it's a shame that you wanna come back now, baby
My love has gone away

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love (My love), my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Oh, oh yeah, my love is gone, oh yeah)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
(My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my)
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
I've played the fool for ya, baby
And you stole away my heart
(Whatcha gonna do)
Now that my love has gone away
(Whatcha gonna do)
Sweet memories of yesterday
(Whatcha gonna do)
Now that my love has gone away

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do? My, my, my, my, my)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do?) My love
(Whatcha gonna do, whatcha gonna do?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you? (My love)
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do, baby?) My love
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(I've played the fool for you, baby) My love
Whatcha gonna do without my love
(Now that my love has gone away, whatcha gonna do?)
Whatcha gonna do without my love?
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do?) My love
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
(Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Oh)
Whatcha gonna do without my love
(Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh)
Whatcha gonna do without my love, my love?
Whatcha gonna do now that my love has gone away from you?

[Outro: Mary J. Blige & Heavy D]
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away from you
Nuttin' but love for ya, baby
I got nuttin' but love for ya, honey
Hear me now
Now that my love has gone away
Now that my love has gone away from you

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I can love you (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you)
I can love you better than she can
I can love you (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you)
I can love you better than she can

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
Sitting here, wondering why you don't love me
The way that I love you and baby
Have no fear, 'cause I would never ever hurt you
And you know my love is real boy I can

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I can love you (I can love you), I can
I can love you (I can love you), love you
I can love you better than she can
I can love you (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you)
I can love you better than she can

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige]
I know sometimes can get rough, but we'll make it
We'll make it through the storm and I know
I will try to make sure that you can trust me
And you know the reason why that I say

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige]
I can love you (I can love you) a little better than she can
(Ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh ohh)
I know that you (I know that you)
Wish that you could be my man (wish that you could be my man)
'Cause I can love you better than she can

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I can love you (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you)
I can love you better than she can
I can love you (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you)
I can love you better than she can

[Verse 3: Lil' Kim]
If I told you once, I told you twice, Q-B
Throw the bootie, like a groupie for more ice
Armor truck heist, get a bonus like N'Bushe
In love with you since the days of "Juicy"
Now I watch you play Columbo, Picasso
Tricks inside colassals, turn you castles to brothels, uh!
Who you lovin? Who you wanna be huggin?
Dippin on ya Ninja Honda with Tanisha and Rhonda, wha!
You work more body than Jane Fonda
Physical fitness, Mary Blige be my witness
Under pressure, I lie for ya, die for ya
Ruger by the thigh for you, right hand high for ya
Because of you, I'm inheritin' trillions
Buryin' billions, Bentley Coupe millions
Playin' good samaritan, in the Sheridan
Crack the Dom P's and Remy's, you better hurry in
Who's gone love you like I do? Huh? Wha?
Who's gone treat you like I do? Huh? Wha?
Mary Blige, Lil Kim, hah-hah
Queen Bees, ah-hah, that's me
That's right, Mary J, Lil K

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I can love you (I can), I can love you (love you)
I can love you better than she can
I can love you (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you)
I can love you better than she can
I can love you (I can), I can love you (love you)
I can love you better than she can
I can love you (I can love you), I can love you (I can love you)
I can love you better than she can

[Outro]
Who's gonna make you feel the way I do?
Nobody, nobody
Who's gonna make you feel the way I do?
Nobody, nobody

[Verse 1]
I'm not in love
It's just some kind of thing I'm going through
Going through, going through
And it's not infatuation
Ain't nothing going on 'tween me and you
Me and you, me and you

[Pre-Chorus]
But I dream about it every night, baby
Wanting you here with me
Making love to me
And oh...

[Chorus]
I'm missing you like crazy
Body and soul is aching
I'm out of control
Missing you so
I'm missing you
Missing you
Missing you, oh
I'm missing you
I'm missing you
Missing you

[Verse 2]
I'm not in love
And that's what I just keep telling myself
Over and over again
And I'm not the least bit amused by you, baby
Yet still I just don't wanna be with nobody else
No, no, no

[Pre-Chorus]
And I dream about you all the time
Touching and kissing me
And making love to me, and oh

[Chorus]
I'm missing you like crazy
(I miss you like crazy)
Body and soul is aching
I'm out of control
Missing you so
Oh, I am missing you so

[Bridge]
God knows I'm trying to keep out of my head
I ain't trying, no no no
I ain't trying to get hurt again, no
But there's something that just gets in my skin
And all I know is I can't let go
And that's the way it is, oh

[Chorus]
I'm missing you like crazy
(I'm missing you like crazy)
Body and soul is aching
I'm out of control
Missing you so
Oh, I...
Missing you
Trying to go somewhere
Missing you
Missing you
I'm missing you
Oh, oh
Missing you
I'm missing you, oh, oh

[Intro]
This is the house that Jack built, y'all
Remember this house

[Verse 1]
This was the land that he worked by hand
It was the dream of an upright man
There was the room that was filled with love
It was a love that I was proud of
This was a life of a love that he planned
On the love, the same old love

[Chorus]
In the house that Jack built
(The house that Jack built)
Remember this house

[Verse 2]
There was the fence that held our love (Yes it was)
There was the gate that he walked out of
This is the heart that is turned to stone (Yes it is)
This was the house, but it ain't no home
This is the love that I once had
In a dream that I thought was love

[Chorus]
In the house that Jack built
(The house that Jack built)
I'm gon' remember this house

[Bridge]
Oh, what's the use of crying?
You know I brought it on myself
There's no denying
But it seems awful funny
That I didn't understand
Was it a house of an upright man, y'all?

Up on the hill there's a big plan still
In the house that Jack built
(The house that Jack built)
I'm gon' remember this house
(the house that Jack built)
Listen!
I got the house
I got the car
I got the rug
And I got the rack
But I ain't got Jack
(I ain't got Jack, Jack, Jack)
And I want my Jack back!
(I ain't got Jack, Jack, Jack)

[Outro]
I turned my back on Jack
He said he wasn't coming back
I turned my back on Jack
He said he wasn't coming back
Oh, Jack
You oughta come on back
(Come on, come on, come on)
Oh, Jack
(Come on back, Jack)
You oughta come on back
(Come on back, Jack)
To the one that you built
(Come on back, Jack)
It's the same one that you built
(Come on back, Jack)
You oughta come on back, Jack
(Come on, come on, come on)
Oh, come back
I didn't understand
(Come on back, Jack)
Until I lost my upright man
(Come on back, Jack)
Come on back, Jack
(Come on back, Jack)
You oughta come on home now
(Come on back, Jack)

[Intro]
Oh oh, oh oh
Just can't help it, I love my hun
All that I need, and all that I want, said
Oh oh, oh oh
Just can't help it, I love my hun
All that I need, and all that I want

[Verse 1]
Everybody asking "Why Mary ain't mad no more?"
It seems like a question that I've already
Answered like too many times before
Now ladies if you got a man and he treat you real good
Ain't you gon' flex every chance that you get?
Now, ain't you gonna love him just like you should?
Especially when you never thought you would (yeah)
Oh, you know, that I'm all into the feeling
And I never look to lose it, oh for sho'
This is consistent, with you I find a rhythm

[Chorus]
From the day to the night
We ride, we ride, we ride (hey)
Now how you like it, how you like it?
I see the future baby
You and I, better with time
And it is, what it is
And I just can't help it
And I felt, what I felt
No, I just can't help it
I see the future, baby
Me and you, that's how we do

[Verse 2]
I got a song in my heart, that's all that I need
I sing it acappella, I sing it to the beat
What we are is classic, you know it
Because your attitude shows it
Now fellas if you got a girl and she treat you right
Ain't you gonna spend every dollar, every cent? (eh)
Ain't you gonna make sure she stay fly?
Especially when she's reppin' you for life
Oh baby

[Chorus]
From the day to the night
We ride, we ride, we ride (hey)
Now how you like it, how you like it?
I see the future baby
You and I, better with time
And it is, what it is
And I just can't help it
And I felt, what I felt
No, I just can't help it (yeah, yeah)
I see the future, baby
Me and you, that's how we do

[Bridge]
You are mine, I told you before
I wouldn't lie, I need you and more
(Gotta stay with you, I am safe with you)
Let me repeat it, in case you forgot
Love is a mountain and we're at the top (yeah)
(Breath and strength, cause I see the future in your eyes)

[Chorus x2]
From the day to the night
We ride, we ride, we ride (hey)
How you like it, how you like it baby? (yeah, yeah)
I see the future baby
You and I, better with time
And it is, what it is
You know I just can't help it
And I felt, what I felt
And no, I just can't help it
I see the future, baby
Me and you, that's how we do

[Outro]
Oh oh, oh oh
Just can't help it, I love my hun
(We ride, ride)
All that I need, and all that I want, said
Oh oh, oh oh
Just can't help it, I love my hun
(We ride, ride)
All that I need, and all that I want
(You?re all I need to get by)
(You?re all I need to get by)
(You?re all I need to get by)
(You?re all I need to get by)
(You?re all.....I need....to get by-hi-hi)

AslongasIgotyouthenbabyyouknowthatyougotme!
Oh (whoa-oh-ho)
IknowthatI?lllovehimtomorrowESBCT!(oh) whoa oh ho

Like the sweet morning dew
I took one look at you
And it was plain to see you were my destiny
With my arms open wide I threw away my pride
I sacrificed for you, dedicate my life to you
I will go where you lead, I?ll be right there in a time of need
And when I lose my will, you?ll be right there to push me up that hill

(There?s no) no (no lookin? back for us) no way bab-bay
(We?ve got enough to show love that?s enough)
(You?re all) you?re all, all (you?re all I need)
(You?re all, you?re all I need, you?re all)
You?re all I need baby baby, to get by yeah, get by
Like an eagle protects his nest, for you I?ll do my best
Stand by you like a tree and damn anybody that try an move me
Darling in you I found, straight for I was torn down
I don?t know what?s in store, but together we can open any door
Just to do what?s good for you, I?ll inspire you alittle bit higher
I know you can make a real man
I?m a soul that didn?t have a goal

(Cause we?ve) yeah ( we?ve got the right foundation)
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaah (and we?ve got determination)
Yes we do (oh) Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
(You?re all, you?re all I need you?re all)
Yes, baby (you?re all I need you?re all)
(You?re all)
Oooo you?re all that I need to get by-i-i-i-i
Yeah, yeah

AslongasIgotyouthenbabyyouknowthatyougot me!
(Whoa) whoa (yeah) um umm hum
ThinkinIlovehimtomorrowESBCT! oh whoa oh oh oh oh

(Baby) uum hum uum hum
Babyyouknowthatyougotme!
Oh you?re all I need (yeah)
Fades-
You?re all that I need
You?re all that I need
Mary...Mary...Mary
Live ya life girl

Whoa, love is all we need
'Cause everybody needs love

Love is all we need
To make everything complete
If we try to live together and be happy
You and me are one
And we've only just begun
So let's make a new beginning and have some fun

Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Dealing with tough times
Seems to always blow my mind
But I know where my heart is so I am fine (Live ya life girl!)
If we remain friends
It would never ever end
On this love I give to you, you can depend
Love is all we need
To make everything complete, all we need is L-O-V-E
Love is all we need (said it's all we need)
'Cause to love you would mean everything
'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need
To make every little thing complete, yeah, yeah
Oh, if you would trust in me
I would let you know that I love you

Love is all we need
(said I love you, said I love you)
(Oh, Lord knows that we need it, said we need it, said we need it)
Love is all we need
(Oh said it's all we need...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, come on)
'Cause everybody need love

Feel this hit banging in your residential district
Presidents you checked out
Canary rock sizzlin'
Mary's hop hop
Cris shorty got this
Fly angel
My dreams of a queen came true in this land that's dark
If you my man and you my heart
I blast for you
Need bail put up the cash for you
Girls who mad loyal die for you
Leave them if they acting too fly for you
All up in your mix then in somebody else six
Quick to put your name in some murder one shit
I'm not the one cheatin' on you or beatin' on you
'Cause I'm laid back you thought that I was sleeping on you?
Real love make a ill thug feel bug
Nas analyze, are you trustworthy by the looks in your eye?
Stay with me
Be my dog like dollar and Richie
She convinced me
All we really need is love, strictly
Love is all we need...'Cause everybody need love

Love is all we need to make everything complete
I want to be happy yeah, want to be happy
Love is all we need, and I know that it can be done
If we can love, if we can love, everybody needs love

'Cause everybody need love!

[Verse 1]
Darling you send me
Darling you send me
Darling you send me
Honest you do
Honest you do
Honest you do
Woah-Oh-Oh
You thrill me, darling you thrill me
Baby you, you thrill me
Honest you do
Honest you do
Honest you do

[Bridge]
At first I thought it was infatuation
But it lasted so long, so long
Now I find myself wanting
I want you to marry me, please take me home
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
You, you send me
Darling you send me
Darling you, send me
Honest you do
Honest you know ya did
Ya know, ya did
Ya know ya, do know (you-ooh-hoo send me)
You got everything it takes to wed me (you-ooh-hoo send me)
And when you do the things you do you know that send me (do-ooh-hoo send me)
Honestly, you send me
You send me, baby, you send me
You move me (do)
You groove me (do)
Whoooo, you send me
Ah yes, ah yes, ah yes, thank you to send me
Guess I'm a, a sinner
Make me a longer
I, I, I, I, I, I, I just can't stand any it
Thrill me, kill me
Oooh, send me, send me baby
Pretty baby, oooh yeah

[Intro: Mary J. Blige & will.i.am]
Oh oh
Oh oh
Here come the drums
Oh oh
That's Mary J singing
Oh oh
Sing it, girl
Yeah yeah yeah yeah

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
I've got this good feeling
And I'm gonna share with ya
If you want it 'cause it's all up to you
You know it's not a crime when you live your life

[Pre-Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
Wanna live it up
Wanna be in love
Wanna dance, wanna dance, wanna tear it up
Giving love and light
Everything's alright tonight

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I can't wait for the sunset and night to fall
I can't wait to let my hair and have some fun
I can't wait to party all night, to party all night
Tonight
I can't wait for the sunset and night to fall
I can't wait to let my hair and have some fun
I can't wait to party all night, to party all night
Tonight

[Verse 2: Starshell]
Are you rollin'? Can you feel it?
The rhythm got me goin'
Don't be scared, throw your hands in the air
Be free
It's so good to let loose like it's you and me

[Pre-Chorus: Starshell]
Gonna live it up, gonna have some fun
Gonna dance, gotta dance, gonna let it out
Giving love and light, you know it's alright

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige & Starshell]
Now, ooh, it felt so good just to know you're hot
All eyes on you when you are walking in the spot
You're living out your fantasy
Be what you wanna be
Everybody celebrate, what you wanna do?

[Pre-Chorus: Starshell]
Wanna live it all
Wanna be in love
Wanna dance, wanna dance, wanna tear it up
Giving love and light
Everything's allright tonight

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
I can't wait for the sunset and night to fall
I can't wait to let my hair and have some fun
I can't wait to party all night, to party all night
Tonight
I can't wait for the sunset and night to fall
I can't wait to let my hair and have some fun
I can't wait to party all night, to party all night
Tonight

[Bridge: will.i.am]
Everybody in the house, ow
Everybody in the house, ow
You ain't stoppin' now, no
You ain't stoppin' now, no
Put your hands in the air, yeah
Put the drinks up, ooh
'Bout to burn it up, now
Let's burn it up, yeah

[Bridge 2: Mary J. Blige & will.i.am]
Everybody in the place tonight
If you're looking good and feeling nice
Shine your light
Shine your light
Shine your light
Shine your light
Everybody in the place tonight
If you looking to feel the night
Shine your light
Shine your light
Shine your light
Shine your light

[Break: will.i.am]
Everybody rock, everybody rock
Everybody rock, everybody rock
Everybody rock, everybody rock
Everybody rock, everybody rock

[Outro: Mary & (will.i.am)]
If you wanna party wit' ya girl, wit' ya girl (Ow)
MJB will take you 'round the world, 'round the world (Ow)
If you wanna party wit' ya girl, wit' ya girl (Ow)
MJB will take you 'round the world, 'round the world (Ow)
If you wanna party wit' ya girl, wit' ya girl (Ow)
MJB will take you 'round the world, 'round the world (Ow)
If you wanna party wit' ya girl, wit' ya girl (Ow)
MJB will take you 'round the world, 'round the world (Ow)

[Intro]
It's Mary J
Ah
She's back
Woo!
Show love
Show love
Show love
Show love

[Verse 1]
Don't worry about
All those people talkin', trippin'
Asking about what you wearing
Don't worry about
The chick in the corner hatin', starin'
You know she's always schemin'
Don't worry about
Just keep on movin', provin'
This is what you doin'
Don't worry about
For every person that doubts you, clowns you
Bringing that negative energy around you

[Chorus]
Show love
You gotta just keep breathin'
Be happy that your heart is beatin' (Show love)
Stop fightin', just be easy
'Cause it all could be gone
Show love
You gotta just keep movin'
Don't worry about what they doin' (Show love)
Keep doin' what you doin'
'Cause it could all be gone

[Post-Chorus]
Don't worry, show some love
Oh no, oh

[Verse 2]
Don't worry about
What people say to hurt you
If it don't kill you it makes you stronger
Don't worry about
Keeping up with the Joneses
It'll only make your paper shorter
Don't worry about
Just keep on movin', provin'
That you just won't lose
Don't worry about
Remember when one door closes
The one next door just might be open
Don't worry about
Gotta switch up lanes, make change
Gotta get away from of all this pain
Don't worry about
Haven't we seen enough bad days?
So what is there left for me to explain?

[Chorus]
Show love
You gotta just keep breathin' (Breathin')
Be happy that your heart is beatin' (Show love)
Stop fightin', just be easy (Be easy)
'Cause it all could be gone (Easy)
Show love
You gotta just keep movin' (Keep movin')
Don't worry about what they doin' (Show love)
Keep doin' what you doin' (Doin')
'Cause it could all be gone

[Bridge]
You just need to learn to let our hair down
(We need to learn to love somebody)
Something good as it goes around
Take full advantage of a sunny day (Of a sunny day, sunny day)
Better hurry before the sky goes gray
There is so much to be livin' for (Ooh)
Drop that top and turn on the radio
And let your mind get free
Come on and rock with me

[Chorus]
Show love
You gotta just keep breathin' (Breathin')
Be happy that your heart is beatin' (Show love)
Stop fightin', just be easy (Easy)
'Cause it all could be gone
Show love
You gotta just keep movin' (Movin')
Don't worry about what they doin' (Show love)
Keep doin' what you doin' (Doin')
'Cause it could all be gone

[Chorus]
Show love
You gotta just keep breathin'
Be happy that your heart is beatin' (Show love)
Stop fightin', just be easy
'Cause it all could be gone
Show love
You gotta just keep movin'
Don't worry about what they doin' (Show love)
Keep doin' what you doin'
'Cause it could all be gone
Show love
All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world

( Lloyd )
(I just want to be your man girl
So uh, gotta make you understand girl)
It's the way you flip your hair
And those stylish clothes you wear
When you walk into the room
All my partners stopped and stared at you
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
But they just want to use you up
(All around the world)
This goes out to girls all around the world)
It's the tattoo on your back
And that brand new Louis bag
With the matchin' high heels
I can't help this girl's swag's the truth
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
And I just want to give her love, oh
(All around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
(Girl I) can't get you off my mind
You're like my favorite song (song)
Just want to turn you on
And rock you all night long 'cause I (oh I)
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
I just want to be your man (I just want to be your man)
(All around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)

Just to smell your perfume, got me throwin' up my hands
See you comin' see you goin', never met someone as bad as you
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
Since you're my favorite girl, yeah
(All around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
I know just what you need, to make you look complete
This platinum wedding ring, 'cause soon I got a thing for you
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
I'm a take you around the world, oh baby
(All around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)

(Girl I) can't get you off my mind
You're like my favorite song (song)
Just want to turn you on
And rock you all night long 'cause I (oh I)
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
I just want to be your man
(All around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
( Lil Wayne )
(Ah hah hah, yeah)
OK I'm thinkin' of a master plan
Nah, I'm lyin', shorty on my mind
Shorty like a fryin', pan, and I ain't got
Nothin' but sweat inside my hands
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
So I dig into my pocket, all my money is spent
But I don't need a cent, 'cause shorty priceless
I tell it like this, I been (all around the world)
So baby I can take you (all around the world)
I roll up, this is a hold up
It's young money man, shorty made me smile
When ain't a damn thing funny
He heh, but still don't nothin' move but the money
So baby if I move then we move with the money
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
Which is my favorite dish
But if I taste you that'll probably switch
And then we will probably switch
(All around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
Now I'm walking up the street, whistling this
Can't get you off my mind
You're like my favorite song (song)
Just want to turn you on
And rock you all night long 'cause I (oh I)
(All around the world, girls, all around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
I just want to be your man (I just want to be your man)
(All around the world
This goes out to girls all around the world)
Can't get you off my mind
You're like my favorite song (song)
Just want to turn you on
And rock you all night long 'cause I

[Verse]
Moon river, wider than a mile
I'm crossing you in style someday
Oh, dream maker, you heartbreaker
Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' your way
Two drifters, off to see the world
There's such a lot of world to see
We're after the same rainbow's end, waitin' 'round the bend
My huckleberry friend, moon river, and me
Moon river, wider than a mile
I'm crossin' you in style someday
Oh, dream maker, you heartbreaker
Wherever you're goin', I'm goin' your way
Two drifters, off to see the world
There's such a lot of world to see
We're after that same rainbow's end, waitin' 'round the bend
My huckleberry friend, moon river, and me
I wouldn't care if u was a dirty dog and that u hit every chick that u ever called c it wouldn't make a differnece cuz thats just way benneath me and u boy.c u dont ever have 2 worry bout me i promise 2 keep it real whatevers on my mind im a speak on how i feel stay truthful 2 and never lie 2u and i won't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever

Girl You Kno Wut I Mean Yea
Well If Ya Dont Then Ill Explain
You Can Be My Misses Wayne
We Can Do The Dam Thang..And Thangs
You See I Had To Tell My Nigga Lil Boy
I Met A Girl Like You
Cuz I Ain't Never Met Another Girl Like You
But I Know Wut To Do Wit A Girl Like You
Three letters...I Do
I Wouldn't Care If You Were a Prostitute and
That You Hit Every Man That You Ever Knew
It Wouldn't Make A Difference
If That Was Way Before Me And You Girl
See You Dont Ever Have To Worry About Me
As Long As You Keep It Real
Whatevers On Yo Mind
Speak On How You Feel
Stay Truthful To Me
And Never Lie To Me
And Dont Ever Keep No Secrets
No Matter Wutever Nahh
Boy u see dat i have changed yea well if u dont then i'll explain im the real misses wayne all them other chicks is lame & u see i had 2 tell my rockstar crew that i met a man like cuz i ain't never met a man like u but i know what 2do with a youngin like u 3letters..i do i wouldn't care if u was a dirty dog and that u hit every chick that u ever called c it wouldn't make a differnece cuz thats just way benneath me and u boy.c u dont ever have 2 worry bout me i promise 2 keep it real whatevers on my mind im a speak on how i feel stay truthful 2 and never lie 2 and i won't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever

Girl You Kno Wut I Mean Yea

(Dam Lyk Foreal Tho Babygirl
You Ain't Gotta Keep No Secrets
Its Me And You Gotta Keep It Real)

Ya Boy

(Yo Pussy Is Like A Drug To Me
Ya I Be Feeinin
F**k if i could sing
Dam If Only I Could Sing
Help Me Out Lil Bru)

(Talk:)
I Love It Babe Ye
I Love It Babe Dont You Know
I Love It Babe I Really Did
I Love It Babe Like Young Jeezy
I Love It Babe Ye
I Love It Babe (x3)

I Wouldn't Care If You Was A Prostitute
And That You Hit Every Man That You Ever Knew
See It Wouldn't Make A Difference
If That Was Way Before Me And You Babe
See You Dont Ever Have To Worry About Me
As Long As You Keep It Real
Whatevers On Yo Mind
Speak On How You Feel
Stay Truthful to me
And Never Lie To Me
And Dont Ever Keep No Secrets
No Matter Wutever
Boy u see dat i have changed yea well if u dont then i'll explain c i'll give up this fame cuz im ready 2 walk the ale and have the preacher change my name. yea now wats happein weezy wats happein weezy u know u need 2role wit the baddest chick weezy n everytime i c u i get so weak weezy like... thats my weezy yea i wouldn't care if u was a dirty dog and that u hit every chick that u ever called c it wouldn't make a differnece cuz thats just way benneath me and u boy.c u dont ever have 2 worry bout me i promise 2 keep it real whatevers on my mind im a speak on how i feel stay truthful 2 and never lie 2u and i won't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever

[Verse 1]
I gave you my heart
And I gave you my time
I gave you all of my money
Anything to keep you satisfied, yeah, yeah
But the one thing I didn't count on
Is that you would do me so bad
If there's one thing I know, I love you for sure
I don't understand why you treat me so bad

[Chorus]
Honey (Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Honey, baby (Honey, baby)
Honey
Why do I love you so much?
Honey
Why do I love you so much? (Tell me, tell me, baby)
Honey
Honey, baby
Honey
Why do I love you so much?
Honey
Why do I love you so much? (Oh...)

[Verse 2]
I gave you the world, baby
Anything that your heart desires
And I didn't ask for one thing in return
I was there for you right down to the wire
So why'd you have to dog me, baby
You did everything but care
And the words come and go, and I still can't let go
I'm losing my head and I don't understand

[Chorus]
Honey (Honey)
Honey, baby (Honey, baby)
Honey
Why do I love you so much?
Honey
Why do I love you so much? (Whoa, baby)
Honey
Honey, baby
Honey
Why do I love you so much?
Honey (Oh...oh...)
Why do I love you so much

[Bridge]
I can understand if it wasn't good enough
I was too good to the end, much too good for you
Some folks say you just ain't no good
I try to let go, but I still need to know

[Chorus]
Honey
Honey, baby (Oh, oh, oh)
Honey
Why do I love you so much? (Somebody tell me)
Honey (Oh...)
Why do I love you so much (Oh...oh...oh...oh...)
Honey (Honey)
Honey, baby
Honey (Honey)
Why do I love you so much? (So much)
Honey (So much, oh yes)
Why do I love you so much? (Help me, help me, help me, help me)
Honey (Oh)
Honey baby (And I get weak when I see you)
Honey (Mmm, hmm)
Why do I love you so much? (Why do)
Honey
Why do I love you so much?
Honey (Yeah)
Honey, baby (Honey, baby)
Honey (Honey)

[Intro]
(Pride) A deeper love, (Pride) a deeper love
(Pride) A deeper love, woah woah woah woah
(Pride) A deeper love, (Pride) a deeper love
(Pride) A deeper love, woah woah woah woah

[Verse 1]
People, let me tell you, I work hard every day
I get up out of bed, I put on my clothes
'Cause I've got bills to pay
Now, it ain't easy, but I don't need no help
I've got a strong will to survive
I've got a deeper love, deeper love
Deeper love inside and I call it

[Chorus]
Pride, (A deeper love) pride, a deeper love
(Pride) A deeper love, woah woah woah woah
It's the power that gives you the strength to survive (Pride, pride)
(Pride, a deeper love, woah woah woah woah)

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah, ooh yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
Now, I've got love in my heart, it gives me the strength
To make it through the day
Pride and love (Pride is) oh, respect for yourself
And that's why I'm not looking for
Handouts, charity, welfare, I don't need
Stealin', killin', not my feelin'
No backstabbin', greedy grabbin'
Lyin', cheatin' 'cause I've got a

[Pre-Chorus]
Deeper love, a deeper love
A deeper love inside
I, I, I, I, I've got a deeper love (Deeper)
A deeper love (Deeper)
Deeper love inside, and I call it

[Chorus]
(Pride) A deeper love, (Pride) a deeper love
(Pride, a deeper) Love, woah woah (Woah woah)
It's the power that gives you the strength to survive (Pride, pride)
(Pride, a deeper love, woah woah woah woah)

[Bridge]
And I wanna thank you for helping me see
There's a power that lives deep inside of me
Give me the strength (Give me the strength)
To carry on (To carry on), always be strong
Whoa oh oh oh whoa

[Chorus]
(Pride) A deeper love, (Pride) a deeper love
(Pride) A deeper love, (Woah woah woah woah)

[Verse 3]
People, let me tell ya, I work hard every day
I get up outta bed, put on my clothes
'Cause I-I-I-I-I got bills to pay
And it ain't easy, it ain't easy
It ain't easy, it ain't easy
It ain't easy, yeah, oh oh

[Pre-Chorus]
I've got a deeper love, a deeper love
A deeper love inside
I, I, I've got a deeper love (Deeper)
A deeper love (Deeper)
A deeper love inside, and I call it

[Chorus]
(Pride) A deeper love, (Pride) a deeper love
(Pride) A deeper love, woah woah woah woah
It's the power that gives you the strength to survive (Pride, pride)
(Pride, a deeper love, woah woah woah woah)

(Pride) A deeper love, (Pride) A deeper love
(Pride) A deeper love, (Woah woah woah woah) Hey hay yeah
(It's the power that gives you) The strength to survive (Pride, pride)
(Pride) Ow ow ow ow
(A deeper love, woah woah woah woah) Woah

(Pride) A deeper love, (Pride) A deeper love
(Pride) A deeper love, woah woah woah woah
(It's the power that gives) You the strength to survive (Pride, pride)
(Pride) Ow ow ow ow ow ow
(A deeper love, Woah woah woah woah) Oh

[Verse 1]
I was sitting at home, yes, I was
And it occured to me, yes, it did
I thought about the disc jockeys, yeah
Playing them ballads and the beat all day long

So I decided, yes, I did
Give them a little tune they could take five on
Because I know they get tired
Playing them records all day long, mind him, yeah

[Refrain]
We gonna call it, we gonna call it
D.J. and me
Sing along with Ree

[Verse 2]
Now Mr. and Mrs. D.J. I know your listeners alright
You get up and do your number right about this time
I’m making it good and I’ll make you feel together
Let it all hang out and do your number
Get down to the real true grit

[Chorus]
Hang on in there and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Get on in there, you all, and let it roll, oh
Hang on in there now, we’re gonna do it together
Oh, hang on in there, yeah, you gotta shake your funky soul

[Refrain]
We gonna call it, we gonna call it
D.J. and me, and sing along with Ree

[Verse 3]
Here comes the part I know you’re gonna
'Cause we all get a chance to hear you
When the part hang on in there comes around
Do your number three, here we go

[Chorus]
Hang on in there and let it rock
Oh, hang on in there, you all, and let it roll
Hang on in there, yeah, do it together
You gotta hang on in there now, you gotta shake your funky soul

[Interlude]
Hang on in there, have you got it?
Hang on in there, oh, have you got it?

[Chorus]
Oh, hang on in there and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, you all, and let it roll
Oh, hang on in there, woo, and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, you all, and let it roll

Hang on in there, oh, let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, yeah, and let it roll
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hang on in there, good God almighty
Hang on in there, you all, you gotta shake your funky soul

Hang on, hang on, hang on and let it rock, Mr. D.J
Hang on in there, yeah, and let it roll
Oh, hang on in there, oh, and let it rock, uh
Hang on in there, you gotta shake your funky soul

Oh, hang on in there and let it rock
Hang on in there, yeah, you gotta let the good times roll
Hang on in there and let it rock, yeah, yeah, yeah
Hang on in there, you gotta shake your funky soul
Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life, with his words
Killing me softly with his song

I heard he sang a good song
I heard he had a style
And so I came to see him and listen for a while
And there he was this young boy
A stranger to my eyes

Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life, with his words
Killing me softly with his song

I felt all flushed with fever
Embarrassed by the crowd
I felt he found my letters and read each one out loud
I prayed that he would finish
But he just kept right on
Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life, with his words
Killing me softly with his song

He sang as if he knew me
In all my dark despair
And then he looked right through me as if I wasn't there
And he just kept on singing
Singing clear and strong

Strumming my pain with his fingers
Singing my life with his words
Killing me softly with his song
Killing me softly with his song
Telling my whole life, with his words
Killing me softly with his song

[Chorus]
Work your thing out
Work your thing out
Work your thing out
Work your thing out

[Verse 1]
There's so many girls I hear you been running
From the beautiful queen that you could be becoming
You can look at my palm and see the storm coming
Read the book of my life and see I've overcome it
Just because the length of your hair ain't long
And they often criticize you for your skin tone
Wanna hold your head high 'cause you're a pretty woman
Get your runway stride on and keep going
Girl, live your life

[Pre-Chorus]
I just wanna be myself (Yeah yeah)
Don't sweat, girl, be yourself
Follow me, follow me, follow me
Girl, be yourself
That's why I be myself
And I grew to love it

[Chorus]
Work your thing out
(Let 'em get mad, they gonna hate anyway)
Work your thing out
(Don't you get that?)
Work your thing out
(Doesn't matter if you're going on with their plan)
Work your thing out
(They'll never be happy
'Cause they're not happy with themselves)

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah yeah, work what you got
I'm talking 'bout things that I know
Yeah yeah, work what you got
It's okay, show yourself some love
Yeah yeah, work what you got
Don't worry 'bout who's saying what
It's gonna be fine, work what you got
Work what you got

[Verse 2]
Feelin' great because the light's on me
Celebrating the things that everyone told me
Would never happen but God has put His hands on me
And ain't a man alive could ever take it from me
Working with what I got, I gotta keep on (Keep on)
Taking care of myself I wanna live long (Live long)
Ain't never ashamed what life did to me
Wasn't afraid to change 'cause it was good for me
I wanna...

[Pre-Chorus]
I just wanna be myself (I just wanna be)
Don't sweat, girl, be yourself (Don't sweat, girl)
Follow me, follow me, follow me
Girl, be yourself
That's why I be myself
And I grew to love it

[Chorus]
Work your thing out
(Let 'em get mad, they gonna hate anyway)
Work your thing out
(Don't you get that?)
Work your thing out
(Doesn't matter if you're going on with their plan)
Work your thing out
(They'll never be happy
'Cause they're not happy with themselves)

[Post-Chorus]
Yeah yeah, work what you got
I'm talking 'bout things that I know
Yeah yeah, work what you got
It's okay, show yourself some love
Yeah yeah, work what you got
Don't worry 'bout who's saying what
It's gonna be fine, work what you got
Work what you got

[Bridge]
Work that, work that, work that
Girl, don't hold back, you just be yourself
You just work that, work that, work that
Girl, don't hold back, you just be yourself
Work that, work that, work that
Girl, don't hold back, you just be yourself
(Work that, work that, don't hold back)
Work that, work that, work that
Girl, don't hold back, you just be yourself
Work your thing out (Work that job, girl)
Work your thing out (Work, work your job)

Yeah yeah, work what you got
I'm talking 'bout things that I know
Yeah yeah, work what you got
It's okay, show yourself some love
Yeah yeah, work what you got
Don't worry 'bout who's saying what
It's gonna be fine, work what you got
Work what you got

Work that, work that, work that
Girl, don't hold back, you just be yourself
(Work it out, work it out, baby)
Work that, work that, work that
Girl, don't hold back, you just be yourself
Work that, work that, work that
Girl, don't hold back, you just be yourself
(Work that, work that, don't hold back)

[Outro]
Work that thing out
Work that thing out
Work what you got

[Verse 1]
Sleigh bells ring, are you listening?
In the lane snow is glistening
A beautiful sight, we're happy tonight
Walking in a winter wonderland
Gone away is the bluebird
Here to stay is a new bird
Who sings a love song as we go along
Walking in a winter wonderland

[Bridge]
In the meadow we'll build a snowman
And we'll pretend that he is Parson Brown
He'll say "Are you married?," we'll say "No, man
But you can do the job when you’re in town"

[Verse 2]
Later on we'll conspire
As we groove by the fire
To face unafraid plans that we made
Walking in a winter wonderland

[Bridge]
(In the meadow we can build a snowman) Snowman
(We'll pretend that he is Parson Brown)
(He'll say "Are you married?," we'll say "No, man") What? No man
("But you can do the job when you're in town")

[Outro]
Later on we'll conspire
As we groove by the fire
To face unafraid the plans that we've made
Walking in a winter wonderland
A la-di-da-di-da-di-da-di-da
Walking in a winter wonderland
A la-di-da-di-da-di-da-di-da

[Intro: Rick Ross]
With the ghetto in my rear view, you are my every tomorrow
The world is ours... Mary J. Blige

[Verse 1: Mary J. Blige]
I've been logging in my bed, crying til my eyes are red
We both said that things will change
But it's still the same shade of gray
I get mad you walk away
When it all just start to fade
I know you're fed up so am I
But we just can't say goodbye
Boy, you know I love you
But I just can't go on no more
Feelin' this way

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
You got me sayin' why, why, why?
Can't we get it right? (Just can't get it right)
Just can't get it right (Can we get it right?)
Don't know why, why, why?
Can't we get it right
No matter how hard we try

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I got her looking at me sideways
Live every night like it's a Friday
My conversations are so monumental
Licking on her ear, I'm whispering a couple riddles
She fell in love with my technique
I made her call me boss when in the bedsheets
We both coming from the same place
All in her both coming at the same place
Still on my dope boy swag
Top down on my Cam'ron, Oh boy swag
Played the hand we were dealt from the beginning, baby
You the dealer, cut the deck, while we winning baby

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
You got me sayin' why, why, why?
Can't we get it right? (Just can't get it right)
Just can't get it right (Get it right)
Don't know why, why, why?
Can't we get it right (Just can't get it right)
No matter how hard we try

[Verse 3: Mary J. Blige]
Can't we turn love around
We build it up to break it down
If you knew the way I feel
You would know that this love is real
But live in Heaven, go to hell then
Go right back, across the lesson
Tired of stressin', get the message
I can't live in this depression no more
Boy, you know I love you
But I just can't go on (no more) feeling like this no more

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige]
You got me sayin' why, why, why?
Can't we get it right? Just can't get it right
Just can't get it right. Get it right
Don't know why, why, why?
Can't we get it right (Just can't get it right)
No matter how hard we try

[Bridge: Mary J. Blige {Rick Ross}]
Back on my own again (Back on my own, back on my own)
I don't want this to end (I don't want it to end)
But baby I need (I need, I need) a friend to show me some more (to show me some more)
And i think it should be you
{I love this part right here, look where we came from, Mary}
I just want you to show me, to show me some love yeah

[Verse 4: Rick Ross]
Characteristics of a charismatic nigga
20 million on a villa, what’s illa
We livin’, lil boys gotta work at that
Gettin’ cash, so I snatch my girl a perfume bag
Blowin kisses out the drop top, that nigga got gwop
Stay in ya house when the block hot
Makin love that will not stop
Bed sheets to the countertop
Diamonds my baby down to rock

[Outro: Rick Ross]
Hold your blessings up baby, with the presents of greatness
It's the queen lifetime, Mary J
(Maybach Music)
Fuck man
Boy, what's wrong witchu?
It's fucked up how that went down, man
That was fucked up
I'ma miss them niggas
I'ma miss them niggas, too
Fuck, fuck though
Man, fuck all that dumb shit, pass the weed
Boy, whatchu doin' 'round here?
Ay shorty, I'm tryna get some money
You know they killed your boy the other day, talkin' 'bout that dude was rattin'. I don't think that boy was rattin', he just used to be talkin' a lot. Them niggas spookin' out 'round here on them pills so be careful
I got that {?} on me
Man, them niggas trippin'. Them people smoke
Shiiiit, you know I gotta do me, shorty
There's a very good reason
Why the holiday season
Is a wonderful time
For a boy and girl to fall in love

'Cause Santa and Cupid
Planned exactly what you did
When you kissed me by the mistletoe above

We stood there kissin' by the mistletoe
Tingle, tingle, tingle, tingle
Mmm and away we go, jingle, jingle
Kissin' by the mistletoe, love came to stay
And now it's Christmas every day

We stood there kissin' by the mistletoe
Tingle, tingle
Mmm and away we go, jingle, jingle
Kissin' by the mistletoe, love came to stay
And now it's Christmas every day
There is a heavenly treasure
More than money can measure
In the gift you get when you give your love
And I can tell
(Kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss)

'Cause whenever it's Christmas
If I never get this much
He ran my heart I remember very well

We stood there kissin' by the mistletoe
Tingle, tingle
Mmm and away we go, jingle, jingle
Oh, kissin' by the mistletoe, love came to stay
And now it's Christmas every day
(Kissin' by the mistletoe)

I said and now it's Christmas every day
Oh yeah
And now it's Christmas every day
Just for a thrill
You changed the sunshine to rain
And just for a thrill
You filled my heart with so much pain

To me you were my pride and joy
Oh but to you I was merely a toy
A plaything, a plaything, a plaything
That you could toss around at will

And just for a thrill, a thrill, a thrill
You made my life, you made my life one sad song
And just for a thrill
You took me by the hand and you just led, you led me along

And although you're free I know you're having fun
Oh but to me and in my heart you'll still be the only one
Because you, oh you made my heart stand still, yeah
Just for your own personal thrill, thrill

[Verse 1]
I, I wish I didn't love you so
My love for you should have ended long ago
Ooh and I, I wish I didn't need your kiss
Why should your kiss torture me as long as this?

[Bridge]
I should be smiling by now with some new tender friend
Smiling by now with my heart on the mend

[Outro]
But when I try, something in my heart says no
You're still there and I wish I didn't love you so
Ooh I, I wish I didn't love you so
Prada jeans... 300 dollars
Gucci slippers... 500 dollars
Spendin all your money to make these white folks rich... priceless

(Wyclef:)
Oh oh ohhh
Yahh... uhhh
Oh oh ohhh
Yahh...uhhh
Ohh... they said opposites attract... so here i am
With my pistol in my pocket... hidden right under my jacket
Yah they said opposites attract... so here she is
With the master and a bachelor... she just became a doctor
Ohh... operate on me... i need that open heart surgery
Cuz the way my heart is feelin... i can't make it thru the nite
Girl... operate on me i need that open heart surgery...
Cuz the way my heart is feelin... i can't make it thru the nite

(Weezy:)
Pocket full of money and some dark shades... flow so current he can start waves
Game like butter he parkay... love me some head like chardays
Dropping quarters like the arcade... get high with my animals in our cage
And you can see us if you star gaze... creole boy baby i sautees
On your mark... ready... start place
Thats just you... makin my heart race
And i may be the opposite... but im'a let you operate
(Wyclef:)
Ohh... they said opposites attract... so here i am
With my pistol in my pocket... hidden right under my jacket
Yah they said opposites attract... so here she is
With the master and a bachelor... she just became a doctor
Ohh... operate on me... i need that open heart surgery
Cuz the way my heart is feelin... i can't make it thru the nite
Girl... operate on me i need that open heart surgery...
Cuz the way my heart is feelin... i can't make it thru the nite

(Weezy:)
Yah... yah
And i know she want a d boy... so im'a pop up on her like (?)
I got that magic... like bruce leeroy
And if this isn't it... then love has a decoy
Her body sicker than a retard... and i bet i got the medicine she need for it
And i bet i got the medicine to keep goin...
She shoots me with happiness... and i bleed joy
No ban aid for me boy... a loss of blood yah the girl got me weak boy
Yah i see you... and i see you... when i see you
Girl your the one... can i be two
And if your love is clear... then i see thru
Then they yell clear... and i pull thru
You saved my life... baby i would too
And they say...
(Wyclef:)
Ohh... they said opposites attract... so here i am
With my pistol in my pocket... hidden right under my jacket
Yah they said opposites attract... so here she is
With the master and a bachelor... she just became a doctor
Ohh... operate on me... i need that open heart surgery
Cuz the way my heart is feelin... i can't make it thru the nite
Girl... operate on me i need that open heart surgery...
Cuz the way my heart is feelin... i can't make it thru the nite
Oh... ohhhhhh
Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday

I'm going down to the river
I'm going top take me a rocking chair
And if the blues don't leave me, I rock on away from here

Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday

Trouble in mind, that's true
I have almost lost my mind
Life ain't worth living, I feel like I could die

Trouble in mind, I'm blue
My poor heart is healing slow
I've never had such trouble in my whole life before

I'm gonna lay my head on some lonesome railroad line
And let that 2:19 special ease my troubled mind
Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday

[Verse 1]
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree
How lovely are thy branches
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree
How lovely are thy branches

Your boughs so green in summertime
Stay bravely green in wintertime
O tannenbaum, O Christmas tree
How lovely are thy branches

[Spoken Interlude]
Let us all remember
In our gift giving and our merriment
With our family and friends and loved ones
The real and true meaning of Christmas
The birth of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ

[Verse 2]
O tannenbaum, O tannenbaum
How lovely are, are thy branches
O tannenbaum, O tannenbaum
How lovely are, how lovely are thy branches
The pillars all please faithfully
Our trust in God unchangedly
O tannenbaum, O tannenbaum
How love, lovely are thy branches

[Outro]
On Comet, on Cupid, on Donner and Blitzen
Ha ha ha ha
Knew you'd be a vision in white
How'd you get your pants so tight?
Don't know what you're doin'
But you must be livin' right
Yeah!

Oh, we got some places to see
I brought all the maps with me
So jump in, it ain't no sin
Take a ride in my machine

City traffic's movin' way too slow
Drop the pedal and go...go...go!

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?
Never you mind the exit signs
We got lots of time
We can't quit 'til we get
To the other side
Ah-hah ah-hah

With the radio playin' our song
We keep rollin' along
Who knows how far a car can get
Before you think about your love slowin' down, yeah

City traffic's movin' way too slow

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?
Oh yeah!

Here we go (here we go, here we go, here we go)
One more time
With the wind and
Your fingers in my hair
Kinda think we're going for an extended
Throwdown...
So drop the top baby
And let's cruise on into
'It's better than ever Street'
City traffic's movin' way too slow

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?

What I want you to do baby (freeway of love)
Get over in the left lane
And let's march for peace, aw yeah (freeway of love)
Take the long exit...
And then again around town (freeway of love)
Go on over to Love and Satisfaction
And Joy y'all, well (freeway of love)
Oh...ain't we ridin' baby
Ain't we cruisin' down

(Free) Free (Free) Free (Free) Free (Free---way)
Go on out to
Oww... (Free)(Free)(Free) (Free---way)
"Let's be good to each other" Street'
Well (freeway of love)
See that little landmark over there?
A whole lotta kisses and sweet stuff (freeway of love)
We'll be just about...oh..oh...oh...it's Satisfaction Road, yeah
(Free)(Free)(Free) (Free---way)
Satisfaction, Yeah
Humidity
Is rising
Barometer's
Getting low
According
To our sources
The street's
The place to go

Cause' tonight
For the first time
Just about
Half past ten
For the first time
In history
It's gonna start
Raining men

It's raining men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Amen
It's raining men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Amen

Humidity
Is rising
Barometer's
Getting low
According
To our sources
The street's
The place to go

Cause' tonight
For the first time
Just about
Half past ten
For the first time
In history
It's gonna start
Rainin' men

It's raining men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Amen
I'm gonna go out
I'm gonna let
Myself get
Absolutley
Soaking wet

It's rainin men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Every special men

Tall blonde dark
And lean
Rough and tough
And strong and mean

God bless
Mother Nature
She's
A single woman too
She took over heaven
And she did
What she had to do

She fought
Every angel
To rearranged
The sky
So that each
And every woman
Could find
The perfect guy
It's raining men

Don't get yourself
Weather Girls
I know you want to

I feel
Stormy wheather
Moving in
About to begin
Hear the thunder
Don't you loose
Your head
Rip off the roof
And stay in bed
(Rip off
The roof and stay)

It's raining men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Amen

It's raining men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Amen

It's raining men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Amen

It's raining men
Hallejulah
It's raining men
Amen

It's raining men
It's raining men
It's raining men
You had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love

You had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in the corner tryna put it together
How to love, how to love

For a second you were here, now you over there
It's hard not to stare, the way you moving your body
Like you never had a love, never had love

When you was just a young'un, your looks were so precious
But now your grown up, so fly it's like a blessing
But you can't have a man look at you for 5 seconds
Without you being insecure

You never credit yourself so when you got older
It's seems like you came back 10 times over
Now you're sitting here in this damn corner
Looking through all your thoughts and looking over your shoulder
Ooohh, you had a lot of dreams that transform to visions
The fact that you saw the world affected all your decisions
But it wasn't your fault, wasn't in your intentions
To be the one here talking to me, be the one listening

You see a lot of crooks and the crooks still crook

You see you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love

See you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in this corner tryna put it together
How to love, how to love

Ooohh, see I just want you to know
That you deserve the best
You're beautiful
You're beautiful
Yeahh
And I want you to know
You're far from the usual
Far from the usual

You see you had a lot of crooks tryna steal your heart
Never really had luck, couldn't never figure out
How to love, how to love
See you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever
Now you in this corner tryna put it together
How to love, how to love
(feat. Lil Wayne)

(Lil Wayne:)
I got them greens n them yellows n them purples and that purple in my duffle like I'm in a playas circle and homie you's a square and that's why your girl in my circle and I be killin these hoes n she just another murder I should be arrested I should be molested I told you I'm the best and that should not be contested flow so sick how could you not be infected I got that dope how could she not be injected

I got my tailored made suit, I got my rims on shine, I got my goons in the back, I got my

(Static Major:)
Party like as rock star but she cutting rocks yeah but I got that guap ya'll looking for a hot broad and she could get knocked off once we get our rocks off it's a ups drop off I'm riding with the top off aka boss hog they said I was a lost cause nahhh I'm riding with the top off aka boss hog watch me brush them hatas off

(Chorus:)
I got my tailored made suit, I got my rims on shine, I got my dark blue feather, I got my purple in the bag, I got my bottle on ice, I got my first class ticket, I got my goons in the back

(Static Major:)
First I valet the car, check into my five star hotel, O well, I got 500 horses on 4 wheels and the ice around my neck will give you cold chills aka Eskimo grew up on dixie loaf now it's just filet minion I chase her with a lobster tail I insist I got the bill uhh I got the bill

(Chorus:)
I got my tailored made suit, I got my rims on shine, I got my dark blue feather, I got my purple in the bag, I got my bottle on ice, I got my first class tickets, I got my goons in the back I got my

(Static Major:)
We gonna play it like we at the fiesta I go in hard at the grand cosina flippin chips to all my mamamitas let me see you shake ya keista
(Chorus:)
I got my tailored made suit, I got my rims on shine, I got my dark blue feather, I got my purple in the bag, I got my bottle on ice, I got my first class tickets, I got my goons in the back I got my
(Girl)
Hold up, hold up is that who I think it
Is coming in here
(Girl #2)
Girl That's Cassidy
(Girl)
Hold on lets go to the dressing room
Get our self together put our
Pussy poppers on, we gon make
This money tonight

(Chorus)
Girl let me see you pop it pop it for that
Paper pop pop it pop it pa-pop it
For that paper drop then pop pop it
Pa-pop it for that paper
Then let me hit the blow
And pop it for the paper

(Cassidy)
I'ma hustla so I be on the grind (on the grind)
I always got the money and the bitches on my mind (on my mind)
And I was born to dine so every where I goes at (goes at)
The first thing I wanna know is where them hoes at (where them hoes at)
Where them girls that be takin off they clothes at (clothes at)
And where them girls that be slindin down them poles at (poles at)
Where them freaks at where them where them freaks at (freaks at)
Who will get down on the floor and make they cheeks clap cheeks clap)
The type of girl that let another girl eat that (eat that)
And if you gotta couple dollars you can beat that (beat that)
Where my girl who be out there on the creep at (on the creep at)
Where them freaks at I had to repeat that (repeat that)
Cause I'm a freak too I get that from my father (father)
Since I can remember I been poppin my collar (collar)
You brought a dollar then holla believe that (believe that)
Girl ya pussy powerful cause niggas need that (need that)
(Chorus x2)
(Sean P.)
Yea lil shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper
So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada
Always be that fresh I guess that why they get my flavor
You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor
Turn around and bust it open DJ call a waitress
I'ma make it rain what she be makin on the basis
Pop them rubber bands yall know what it is
Talkin strip club shawty cause I'm payin on some bills
Got them bottle on deck yea this is how I live
Nigga if you and ya lil homie hatin give you both a pill
Only in Atlanta yea this is where it is
If you into rubber throw a hundred dollar bill
Yea shawty fine lil shawty bout that paper
So I'm poppin bands I'm out here reppin for Dacada
Always be that fresh I guess that why she get my flavor
You a pill popper bitch so do us all a favor

(Chorus x2)
(Lil Wayne)
Um, well it's the libra baby now come play in my jungle ride my zebra baby
And my hair hang like Tarzan I am the man now be my lady
And u know u wanna be my lady and you know I'm intoxicated yep
I smoke an drink that grade A
And um I like to tounge kiss that's right tongue kiss
I'm talkin diamonds and pearl tongues young prince
And I got them bloods with me bandanna like a hippie
And I tell you this you can be my mistress next to sippii
Lets get it poppin honey now get it poppin shawty
Baby I can make you see more hearts than Ed Hardy
Invite you to my crib I gotta bed party
And I'm the DJ I make you say go DJ
(Chorus x2)
Day after day, alone on the hill
The man with the foolish grin is keeping perfectly still
But nobody wants to know him
They can see that he's just a fool
As he never gives an answer
But the fool on the hill
Sees the sun going down
And the eyes in his head
See the world spinning around

Well on the way, head in a cloud
The man of a thousand voices talking percetly loud
But nobody ever hears him
Or the sound he appears to make
And he never seems to notice
But the fool on the hill
Sees the sun going down
And the eyes in his head
See the world spinning around

And nobody seems to like him
They can tell what he wants to do
And he never shows his feelings
But the fool on the hill
Sees the sun going down
And the eyes in his head
See the world spinning around
He never listen to them
He knows that they're the fools
They don't like him
The fool on the hill
Sees the sun going down
And the eyes in his head
See the world spinning around

[Chorus]
We gettin' money man I'll show you how to turn profit
In the hood they call me Joey the profit
First you cop it
Then you cook it
Then you chop it
What the Fuck boy
Bitch ass niggas
They can't stop us
We turn a Profit
P, P, P, P, Profit the Profit
We make a P, P, P, P, Profit, Profit
Yeah in the hood they call me Joey the profit
If you listen close my niggas you bound to see a profit

I'm New York's living legend
The streets know me well
Stand in the line of fire
It's going to be hell
You dancin' wit the devil
Tonight's your last night
Picture me Lil's Eazy E
Pistol Fahrenheit
LA County got work in Slawson
We get it poppin'
Back to Roxbury in Boston
The streets love me
See they named me coca
The Puerto Rican version of La Costra Nostra
You can find me in the kitchen with me apron on
Something like the chef, yeah I get my Raekwon on
Joey the Mayor
I get Keys to the city
And I got 'em cheap the whole hood could come with me
Nigga

[Chorus]
I'm getting money
I'm the president Junior
And in the hood they call me Weezy the future
And everybody that's around me you'll shoot ya
And nigga my band let 'em blow like twofers yeah
Clap
I got em, I g, g, g, got 'em I got em, yep
Cook I got em, I g, g, g, got 'em I got em, yep
And in the hood they call me Weezy the future
If listen close my nigga you might see the future

Young Wayne in the building
Where your stove at
Cook 'em up Strap 'em down
Where the road at
I'm strapped up plenty bullets
Nigga hold that
Now you step in out in led shower where your robe at
I knock your earth off
Damn where ya globe at
Fuck the coach I keep shooting like Kobe
The money knows me better then anybody
Bitch I'm paid forget about it
I'm sitting in the coupe wit the titties outted
The nipples chrome
Or that big black thing wit the slippers on that bullshit
Dippin' on them bitches
Get off dick
You soft pricks
I'm from New Orleans
Homeless but don't forget
The sun even shines on dark shit
And dawg I've been hustlin since the day I was barkin
I walk in this bitch like what it do
The money home
Stop hatin'
Get your money on
Nigga

[Chorus: x2]
This year all star weekend was off the chain
Literally niggas comin' off wit them chains
Put the Desi to his chest
Homey going die tonight
Then his jaw dropped like Napoleon dynamite
Jack boy I been since I'm a toddler
My Dad was sleeping I was running through his pockets
Oh yeah you ready for war then what's stopping you
I hope you know them Bentley doors not chopper proof
And they go Br are-RR Ta Tat
Just like them bullets dancin'
Come up short wit my doe I'm bout to pull a Manson
Take your kids for ransom
Yeah it's Payback Nigga
Next time I front you some birds you better pay Crack
What shit, I don't know nothing
He might be the police coming up with assumptions
All I know is this nigga hear is about to meet god
If you don't bring me some keys or bring me fifty large

[Chorus]

[Verse 1]
The crowd sees me out dancing
Carefree and romancing
Oh, I'm happy with my someone new

[Chorus]
I'm laughing on the outside
Crying on the inside
'Cause I'm still in love with you

[Verse 2]
They see me night and daytime
Oh, I'm having such a gay time
But they don't know what I go through

[Chorus]
I'm laughing on the outside
Crying on the inside
'Cause I'm still in love with you

[Bridge]
No one knows it's just a pose
Pretending I'm glad we're apart
And when I cry, my eyes are dry
All of the tears are in my heart

[Verse 3]
So, darling, can't we make up?
Ever, ever since our breakup
Make believe is all I do

[Chorus]
I'm laughing on the outside
Crying on the inside
'Cause I'm still in love with you

[Outro]
Mhm, I'm still laughing on the outside
But every day I'm crying on the inside
Because I'm still, still in love with you
Yield not to temptation
For yielding, yielding is sin
Each victory, victory
Will help you, some other to win

Fight manfully on, onward dark, oh, dark passions subdue
You just look, look ever, ever, ever, ever
To Je, Jesus and I know that He
Lord, He will carry you, He'll carry you all through

Oh, oh, you just are asking
Why don't you try asking Him to help you
Why don't you just ask Him, ask Him to keep you
Why don't you just ask Him, ask Him to comfort

Get down on your knees and ask Him, oh, to keep you
Lord, I know Jesus, I know that He's willing
Oh, I know He's able, He's able to help you
And I know, I know that Jesus
Oh, Jesus will carry you again, you through
I may never get to heaven by Conway Twitty

I walked with you and talked with you and held
Your lovin' hand
We loved a while and I lived a while and I
Thought that fate had it planned
Then someone stole my angel and I lost what
I loved most
I may never get to heaven but I once
Came mighty close

I may never play a golden harp or spread
Celestial wings
Or walk a golden staircase while a distant
Chorus sings
But once I had your sweet love and felt
Your tender touch
I may never get to heaven but I
Didn't miss it much

I may never get to heaven but I once
Came mighty close
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us (no)
Now go down girl, give head, go down
Go down girl, give head, go down
Now go down, girl, give head, go down
Go down girl give head

Now, momma's a hoe met her at a video with her face ready to go waiting for cameo
She say, i can tell you hustle, i can smell the coke
The money, you got a lot, i can smell the dough
I told her, keep her nose outta business of grown folks
She been to New Orleans twice never been through the Grove
Now her pocketbook nice, and her dress coal
But her teeth pearly white and her lips was swole
She bad, have you seen her?
My n*gga said I might aswell marry a diva, like Trina, I pleased her, she please me the same, hey
What's the beauty without the brain?

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head

Right on the club, right in the club, shorty popped an x and gave me head right in the club
To be honest, I don't think we gonna go to my truck cause her cousin's with her and she looking better than her
Yeah, she's fat in the ass, slim in the waist, kinda pretty and she down to take the shit in the face
Licking all on her lips, cause she love how I taste
It's dripping on her chin, hope it don't fall on my ???
Yeah, I'm glad I found ya, can't wait to bring Wayne and Mack Maine around ya
Gave me head in the pool and I damn near drowned her
Before I'd kiss that hoe, I'd rather kiss a perahna

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head

Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head

All my little divas, pay attention, just listen
If we ain't in Paris, then we ain't French kissin'
I'm tryna feel your tounge, I'm just tryna be the one
Give it to ya from the back and make you cough up a lung
Or give a little brain and cough up a sun
I bust two times and then I toss up a one
Now shake it baby, it took your momma 9 months to make you baby
Enter the bedroom, we won't make a baby
Get your kneee pads on, no skating baby
So get your aprons baby
She said, I think it's a boy, she ate the baby

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head
Don't cry, baby, don't cry, sugar
Dry your eyes
And let's be sweethearts again

Because you know
You know I didn't mean
To ever treat you so mean
Right now, oh, yeah

Come on, honey
Let's try it all over
One more time

Oh, don't cry, don't cry, baby
Don't cry, don't cry
Honey, oh, dry your eyes
And let's be, come on
Let's be sweethearts again

Oh, oh, oh, because you know
You know I didn't mean
To ever, ever, oh
Treat you so mean right now
Right now, oh, yeah
Come on, baby
And I wonder can I be
Your sweetheart one more time
Right now, right now

Oh, I said don't cry
Oh, honey, don't cry, baby
Don't cry, don't cry, sugar
Oh, right now

Dry your little eyes
Oh, oh, and let me be
Your little cookie one more time
Right now, yeah, yeah

Oh, I said don't cry, don't cry, baby
Ooh, don't cry, don't cry, sugar
Oh yeah, don't cry
She may be weary
Women do get weary
Wearing the same shabby dress
And when she's weary

Try a little tenderness
You know she's waiting
Just anticipating things she may never possess
While she's without them

Try a little tenderness
It's not just sentimental
She has her grief and care
And a word that's soft and gentle

Makes it easier to bear
You won't regret it
Women don't forget it
Love is their whole happiness

It's all so easy
Try a little tenderness
She may be weary
Women do get weary
Wearing the same shabby dress
And when she's weary

Try a little tenderness
You know she's waiting
Just anticipating things she may never possess
While she's without them

Try a little tenderness
It's not just sentimental
She has her grief and care
And a word that's soft and gentle

Makes it easier to bear
You won't regret it
Women don't forget it
Love is their whole happiness

It's all so easy
Try a little tenderness
If you ever need me
You know where to call me
And if you ever want me
You know where to write me
But you never call me
And no, you never write me
So, who needs you?
Who needs you?

Take a pen, a pencil
A hand, a little item
Or the telephone, dear
Why you want to fight'em
How much can it cost you
Why don't you get lost, dear?
Who needs you?
Who needs you?

You came on like a big deal
And all that you could beg me
Listen Mister Big Wheel
All you do is drag me
When I really need you
You just can't be found, dear
And when I really want you
You're nowhere around, dear
So, all this big production
Leads to one deduction
Who needs you?
Who needs you?

You came on like a big deal
And all that you could beg me
But listen Mister Big Wheel
All you do is drag me

When I really need you
You just can't be found, dear
And when I really want you
You're nowhere around, dear
So, all this big production
Just leads to one deduction
Who needs you?
Who needs you now?
Who needs you?
Who needs you now?
Who needs you?
Who needs you?
We've had a hard time
You and I
Life sent us through some changes
Oh, but somehow we got by

A winding road, a heavy load
Is nothing new, you see
We know that through the bad times
I'll have you and you'll have me

United together
I finally found the one
Who'll love me forever
We two have just become as one

If we just keep this love alive
As time goes on this joy we know
Can't help but grow inside

Some people spend a lifetime
Looking for that special need
I'm so glad my search is over
Darling, I'm so glad that we're
United together (United together)
I finally found the one (I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever (Who'll love me forever)
We two have just become (We two have just become as one)

There's nothing we can't overcome
If you let me be your only one
There's nothing we can't overcome (Ooh, hoo, hoo)
If you let me be your one and only, one and only

Some people spend a lifetime
Looking for that special need
I'm so glad my search is over
Darling, I'm so glad that we're

United together (United together)
I finally found the one (I have finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever (Who will love me and stand by me forever)
We two have just become

United together (United together)
I finally found the one (I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever (Who will love me and stand by me forever)
We two have just become (Ooh, yes, we have)
We two have just become (Oh, yes, we have)
United together (United together)
I finally found the one (I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever (Who will love me, love me, love me)
We two have just become (We are, we are, we are)

United together (United together)
I finally found the one (Finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever (Who will love me forever)
We two have just become (Ooh, we two)

United together (United together)
I finally found the one (I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever (Who will love me forever)
We two have just become (We two have just become)

United together (United together)
I finally found the one (I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever (Oh, who will love me forever)
We two have just become
You're a no good heartbreaker
You're a liar and you're a cheat
I don't know why I let you do these thing to me
My friends keep telling me that you ain't no good

They don't know that I would leave you if I could
I guess I'm on tight
And I'm stuck like glue
'Cause I ain't never

I ain't never
I ain't never, no,no
Loved a man the way that I
I love you

Sometimes I know I thought
You would run out of fools
But I was so wrong
You got one that you'll never lose

The way you treat me is shame
How could you hurt me so bad
Baby you know that I'm the best thing that you ever had
Kiss me once again
Don't you never never say that we're through
'Cause I ain't never
Never
Never no no
Loved a man the way that I
I love you

I can't sleep at night I can't eat a bite
I guess I'll never be free
Since you got your hooks in me

I ain't never loved a man
I ain't never loved a man
Ain't never loved a man that hurt me so bad
What am I gonna do about it
I tell you I'm gonna hold on to him
I'm gonna hold on to him
I Sit Here Lonely For Days
Everyday At My Window
My Living Room Window
Thinkin About U
I Watched The Kids As They Play
What Happened 2 The Nitendo
Where The Game Go
No Time For Video Games
No Time For Sega
O No
Yea I'm In Space
I Don't Kno If It Is This Girl Face How She Taste
But I Like It
Good God
I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno What I Got Myself Into
Good God
I Don't Kno, I Don't, I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno What I Got Myself Into!
But I Like It!
Ooo I Like It
When U Doin It
How I Like It
So Keep Doin It
How I Like It
Cause I Like It
Ooo I Like It
Alright
(Verse: Little Brother (Lil Wayne))
I Like Sex In The Mornin
I Like Sex At Night
(Sex At Night!)
I Like Sex On The Weekends
Is That Alright?
(Is That Alright? !)
Alright, Alright, All Night Alright?
Come On I Got (? )
Took Off The Dress But Kept On The Heels
(Yah!)
Damn Baby U So Exotic
(Exotic)
Holler My Name Out When I'm Inside It
(Little Boo)
No Shame I Ate Her Products
Lil Wayne-Little Boo)
Took Her To New Born And Came Out Snottin
To Dips A Dip N Now We Ridin
Head To The Set Took Her To The Shower
Back To The Set Back To The Bed
It's 3:45 Now I'm Gettin Some Head

(Lil Wayne:)
Good God!
I Get Cold
I Get Goostbumps
N I Head In The Door
That's Similar To Her Name
(That's Similar To Her Name!)
I'm So Cold With My Hair All Alone
I'm So High, I'm Nearly Tamed To Die
She Told Me Her Name Is Crazy
And I Said Hi They Call Me Insane
Then She Say Crazy And Insane Is So High Up In The Tree
She Like F.U.C
She Like I.N.G

I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno, I Don't Kno What I Will Do
(I Don't Kno What I Will Do)
I Guess I
I Guess I
Have Decided Lord Help Me Wait On You

Yea Ooooo
I Think I Like You
(I Think I Like You)
If U Was A Porn I Will Decite U
{Lil Wayne-Decite U! }
The Bed Could Be Our Ring I Wanna Fight You
(Fight You!)
Put My Key In Your Ignition (Let Me) Ignite You
(Errrrrrrrrrrrr)
The Cops Keep Commin, The Cops Keep Commin
To My Front Door Like I'm Tryna Do Somethin
They Don't Understand That I'm Involved With A Woman
N That I Love To Make Noise When She Feel It In The Stomach
(Yaaaaaahhhh!)
Um, I'm a Have To Talk To The Neighbors
Matter O Fact Let Me Take A Walk By The Neighbors
I Don't Kno What's The Hell Wrong With The Neighbors
And What The Expect When A Animal Is {? )
Knock On The Door Like Chicky Chicky Check It
Life Is A Porn You Don't Ricky Ricky Reck It
(A Porn You Don't Ricky Ricky Reck It)
Yawl Called The Cops And Recorded A Message
When I'm Just Tryna Kill A Problem Called Erection
Head In The Coupe Call It Sex On Weels
I'm a Big Dood I Treat Sex Like Meals
She Ride Me For Breakfast
A Long Time For Luch And
Behind Is For Dinner
For Dessert She Say Yum
(Lil Wayne:)
I Sit Here Lonely For Daaaays!
Everyday
Everyday!
In My Livingroom Windooow! (Ha Ha)
I Watched The Kids As They Plaaaaay!
What Happen To Niteeeennnddoooo!
No Time For Video Gaaames!
(No Time For Video)
No Time For
No Time For Seeeeggggaaa
I Don't Kno, I Don't Knoi, Iii Doont Knooo, I Don't Kno What I Got Myself Into
But I Like, But I Like It, I Like It!
Yah!
If She Leave I Don't Kno What I'll Do
(I Don't Kno What I'll Do)
O Hey I Do Kno
I'll Go To Hit The Door!
And I'm a Wait On You!

Yea, Yea, Yea, Yea
I Like It
Say What?
I Like It
Say What?
Say What?
Yeeaahh Baby
She Likes It
She Likes It
She Likes It

I'm a R.O.C.K.S.T.Ar
Young Mulababy
She Likes It
And She Likes It!
Cause I Do Me
How She Like It
I'm a Do Me
How She Like It
She Kno I Do Meeee!
How She Like It
I'm a Make A Movie
I'm a Make A Movie
I'm a Make A Movie
I'm a Make A Long
I'm a Make A Looong Movie
I'm a Make A Movie
I'm a Make A Movie
I'm a Make A Movie

[Chorus]
Walk softly when you walk by me
'Cause my heart is still, don’t shake it up
Now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up
Now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up (Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up)

[Verse 1]
If I seem distant or reserved when we meet
Don’t take the time to ask me why
'Cause it’s bad enough that I’ve lost you, baby
Don’t make it rough, just say hello and then tell me goodbye

[Chorus]
Walk softly when you walk by me
'Cause my heart is still, don’t shake it up
Now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up
Now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up (Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up)

[Verse 2]
I fall apart each time that we meet
Remembering things that I should forget
My love’s a spark but it could burst into flames
'Cause I’m not over you again, no

[Chorus]
And walk softly when you move by me baby
'Cause my heart is still, don’t you shake it up
Now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up
Oh, now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up

Oooh, now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, baby, don’t wake it up
Now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, let it late, baby, don’t wake it up
Be charm baby, now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, eh, don’t wake it up

[Outro]
Please, baby, now that I’ve cried my love to sleep, let it late
Don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up, don’t wake it up
Now that I’ve cried my love to sleep
I tried to make you happy
And you were feeling sad
Tried to help you forget
All the hearts ships you bad

See you with another woman (Woman)
Always gets the best of me (Woman, woman)
You've got to show me this is the way that life is supposed to be, yeah

Sometimes is hard (Yes, it is)
For a woman to love a man (Woman)
I'm trying to overcome, yes, I am (Yes I am)
Trying to understand

I don't wanna be second best
I wanna be number one
For standing on these wide lands
People, Lord, let me tell you it ain't much fun

Sometimes a woman (Woman)
Has got pains that she can't tell (Woman, woman)
I've gotta find a way to break the spell
Sometimes is hard (Yes, it is)
For a woman to love a man (Woman)
I'm trying to overcome, yes I am (Yes, I am)
Trying everyday to understand

You may lie so better
But, oh, sometimes you make it so doggone sweet
Sometimes my mind is too hard (Yes, it is)
So hard (so hard, Yes, it is)

It's too hard (so hard, Yes, it is)
So hard to be (so hard)

Sometimes is hard (Yes, it is)
For a woman to love a man (Woman)
I'm trying to overcome (Yes I am)
Trying to do the best I can

Sometimes it's too hard (Yes, it is, so hard)
So hard (Yes, it is, so hard)
It's too hard (Yes, it is, so hard)
So hard, Yes, it is (so hard)

Sometimes is hard, Yes, it is (Yes, it is)
For a woman to love a man (Love, Yes, it is)
I'm trying to overcome (Love)
(For a woman to love a man) Trying to understand, yeah
(Yes, it is) Yes, it is
(So hard) So hard
(For a woman to love a man) For a woman to love a man, yeah
(Yes, it is) Yes, it is

(So hard) So hard
(For a woman to love a man) For a woman to love a, yeah
(Yes, it is) Yes, it is
(So hard) So hard

[Intro]
Yes, it's love, so much love
You are the one

[Verse 1]
I can admit that I was wrong
Took you for granted now I'm all alone
It was so silly, all the things we said
All the words of pain runnin' through my head
If I had the chance I'd let you know
I'll tell you that I never want you to go
These tears I cry won't let me rest
'Til you return

[Chorus]
There's not one day that goes by
That I don't cry for you
There's not one day that goes by
That I'm not singing the blues
There's not one day that goes by
That I don't wish it could work
And it's tearing me up inside
Every little bit hurts
It hurts; oh baby, you know you hurt me

[Verse 2]
I can't believe that you would leave me
I always thought you would stand by me
The thought of you in another arms
Is very slowly tearing me apart
What can I do to make you see?
Everything you need is here with me
I really miss the things that we used to do
And don't you miss the way I used to love you?

[Chorus]
There's not one day that goes by
That I don't cry for you
There's not one day that goes by
That I'm not singing the blues
There's not one day that goes by
That I don't wish it could work
And it's tearing me up inside
Every little bit hurts

[Bridge]
You used to kiss me
You used to hold me
You used to love me
You used to touch me
All night long, you made everything alright
But now you're gone and I'm all alone
Things have stayed the same
And all I'm really trying to say, I'm the one to blame

[Chorus]
There's not one day that goes by
That I don't cry for you
There's not one day that goes by
That I'm not singing the blues
There's not one day that goes by
That I don't wish it could work
And it's tearing me up inside
Every little bit hurts

[Verse 1]
At first I was afraid, I was petrified
Kept thinkin' I could never live without you by my side
But then I spent so many nights thinking how you did me wrong
And I grew strong
And I learned how to get along

And now you're back from outer space
I just walked in to find you here with that there look upon your face
I should have changed that stupid lock
I should have made you leave your key
If I had known for just one second you'd be back to bother me

Go on now, go, walk out the door
Just turn around now
'Cause you're not welcome anymore
Weren't you the one who tried to hurt me with goodbye?
Did you think I'd crumble?
Did you think I'd lay down and die?

[Chorus]
Oh no not I, I will survive
Oh, as long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive
I've got all my life to live
And I've got all my love to give
And I'll survive
I'll survive
Hey, hey

[Verse 2]
I asked the Lord, give me strength and not let me fall apart
I tried hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart
And I spent so many nights feeling sorry for myself
I used to cry, but now I hold my head up high

And now you see me, somebody new
I'm not that tender little person still swept for you
So you felt like dropping by, and you expected me to be free
Well, I'm savin' all my lovin' for someone who's lovin' me

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh now go, walk out the door
Just turn around now
'Cause you're not welcome anymore
Weren't you the one who tried to crush me with goodbyes?
Did you think I'd crumble? Ha ha ha
You think I'd lay down and die?

[Chorus]
Oh no, oh no, I will survive
As long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive
I've got all my life to live
I've got all my love to give
And I'll survive
I will survive
I...I will, I will

[Bridge]
I'm a survivor, I'm gonna make it
I'm not gonna stop, I'm gonna get stronger
I'm a survivor, I'm gonna make it
I'm not gonna stop, I'm gonna get stronger
I'm a survivor, I'm not gon' give up
I'm not gonna stop, I'm gon' work harder

(Ooh) Are you listening? (Listen here)
Now you know it took all of the strength that I had not to fall apart
I kept trying hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart
But I will survive
It took all the strength I had not to fall apart
I tried hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart
I spent so many nights feeling sorry for myself
I used to cry, yeah, but now I hold my head up high
And now you see me, somebody new
I'm not that tender little person still in love with you
Oh, so you felt like stopping by and expected me to be free?
Yeah, well, I'm savin' all my lovin' for someone who's lovin' me
Beat it! (Beat it!) Get to steppin'! (Get to steppin'!)
Keep it movin' (Keep it movin')
Get on down the road, alright? (Get on down the road)
Weren't you the one who tried to crush me with goodbyes?
Did you think I'd crumble? Ha ha ha ha
You thought I'd lay down and die?

[Chorus]
Oh no (Oh no), this is me (I will survive)
As long as I know how to love, I know I'll stay alive
I've got all my life to live
I've got all my love to give
And I'll survive
I will survive
Hey hey...hey, ooh...

[Lil' Wayne:]
Weezy Baby
Now I'm The Type of Nigga That Be Up In Tha Studio Faithfully
She Ain't Trippin She Wait For Me
I Tell Her When I Get A Break I'm A Break Her
Off So Courageously
I Got Dem Bangin Drums
She Got Dem Alicia Keyes
Ooh Girl Let's Make A Beat
Ooh Girl You Make Me Weak Like Every Time The Track Break
Make The Control Room Boom Like An 808
And If You Walk Your Thong Into This Vocal Booth I Can Guarantee I'm A Make This Song All About You
And You Know I Got Da Drank
You Know I Got Da Stank
It's Amazin How I Think But I Do So
And Every Time I Meet A Girl She Tell Me That She Sang And I Say I Gotta House With A Studio
I'm Jus Tryna Do My Thang Baby Video or Audio
Shawty I'm So Smooth I Go Errywhere That Water Go
Ooh So Bad, So Mean
Make Me Wrap Yo Ass UpLike A Hot 16
And I Promise You Ain't Wanna Hear Nobody Else Flow
Welcome To My Studio, You Gon Love My Studo

[Tupac:]
Now I could make miracles with tempos
It's instrumental
Waitin for the nymphos
That's the intro
Shook when ya rushed me
You walked up and touched me
Why? Do you want to fuck me?
Just cause I'm paid in the worst way... True
Lookin kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if your wild or ya act shy
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch when you lick your lips, shake your hips
Goddamn, I love that shit
Now let's stop fake gimme real now
I got a room and a hard on, Still down?
Met ya standin at a bar full of black dudes
Said ya wanna see my scars and my tatooes
When we head for my hideout, act right

Boss playa when I ride out, that's right

Oh Shit Baby Is A Dime Piece
More Than Just Fine
She's Personally Blessed From The Gods
If I Seen Her Right Now
She Could Get Me Hard
Didn't Wanna Talk To Me Just To See My Car
Never Had Sex With A Rich Rap Star
Til I Got Her In Theh Back Of My Homeboy's Car
Tell Me Why Do We Live This Way
Money Ova Biches Let Me Hear You Say
What's Yo Phone Number
Are You Alone?
Got A Pocket Full Of Rubbers Let's Bone
Time To Tell Ya Girlfriend To Take You Home
I Had Fun, But Baby Gotta Leave Me Alone
Picture In My Rhyme Take Time To Rewind These Ordinary Words I Say
If You Opening Ya Mouth
Bet In A Minute You'll Find It's Time
Let The Outlaws Play

[Ludacris:]
Ludacris can't hide or deny that I wanna get you down to them Vickie Seeecretsss
And your body I won't misguide mistreat or misleeeeead it
Hate it up, love it, they can't cut it, so strut it
Number one shaker, like Vick's vapor I wanna fuckin ruuuuuub it
Louisville slug it hit em with a right left, it's goooooone
Tell every last one of ya girls how good it was and it's gone be onnnnnn
Soul Train, more brain for meeeee
No pain, no gain, it's so plain to seee
They be like "I've been feelin kind of stressed can you blow my back out? "
And I'm like "Yea but don't trip if I happen to yank a track out"
When I get done it's smooth sailin once I pull that 'Lac out
Next destination I move forward like Jerry Stackhouse
And 1, have fun, when you chillin with Ludi
We'll slow grind to slow jams while I'm feelin yo booty
We'll hold hand and hold times when I'm up in that coochie
You so fine I'm so sad that you feelin so wooooozy
Baby, here I am
By the railroad tracks
Waiting for my baby
'Cause he's coming back
Coming back to me
On the 503
And it won't be long
No, it won't be long

I've been so lonesome
Since the man has been gone
There ain't a thing worth mentioning
Nothin' been going on

And that's why I know
When the whistle blows
Yeah, that it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long

My daddy told me
When he said goodbye
- Yes, he did
"I'll be back, baby
Baby, by and by,"
And that's why I waited
So doggone long, yeah
Can't you see how happy I am?
Because the man is coming home

So now, here I be
By the railroad tracks
Oh, waiting for my baby
He's coming back
Coming back to me
On the 503
Yeah, and it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long

I ain't had no loving
Since you know when
He's a long-gone rooster
And I'm a lonesome hen

And that's why I'm sure
When the whistle blows
Yeah, that it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long

Mmm, and I'm so excited
My knees are shaking, yeah
Mr. Engineer
Don't you keep me waiting!
You hear me?
Telling you:
Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!
Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!
Baby, here I am
Oh, by the railroad tracks
Waiting for my baby
He's coming back

Coming back to me
Lord, on the 503
Yeah, and it won't be long
No, it won't be long

Ahh, yeah, I know
When the whistle blows
Hey, that it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long
I don't know about you, but
I know, yeah, I know
That it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long
Said it won't be long
No, it won't be long...

[Intro]
Oooh yeah
Get out (Get out)
We’re gonna throw down, yeah (Throw down)
Get out (Get out)
Oh, we’re gonna throw down (Oh, we’re gonna throw down)

[Chorus]
Oohoohoo, it’s your thing, do what you wanna do
And I can’t tell you who to sock it to
Said it’s your thing (Thing, thing, thing)
Do what you wanna do with it now
I can’t tell you who to sock it to

[Verse 1]
If you want me to love you, maybe I will
Believe me, baby, it ain’t no big deal
Oh, you need love now, just as bad as I do
Makes me no difference, ah, who you give your stuff to

[Chorus]
Oh, yeah, it’s your thing (Thing, thing, thing)
Do what you wanna do with it
'Cause I can’t tell you who to whip it to
It’s your thing (Thing, thing, thing)
Do what you wanna do now
But I can’t tell you who to whip it to

[Verse 2]
I’m not trying to run your life
I know you wanna, you wanna do what’s right
Oh, give your love to whomever you choose
How can you lose with the stuff you use?

[Chorus]
Oohoohoohoohoohoohoo (Thing, thing, thing)
Can not tell you, boy, boy, who to sock it to
Oooh, oh, it’s your thing (Thing, thing, thing)
Do what you wanna do with it
I can’t tell you who to sock it to

Oooh, it’s your thing, do what you wanna do, boy
I said I can’t tell you who to give it to

[Outro]
Get out (Get out)
Throw down (Throw down)
Get out (Get out)
Throw down (Oh, throw down)
It’s your thing, it’s your thing, it’s your thing, really your thing
It’s your thing, it’s your thing, it’s your thing, really your thing
It’s your thing, it’s your thing, it’s your thing, really your thing
It’s your thing, it’s your thing, it’s your thing, really your thing
It is your goody (It is)
Do what you want me to (It is)
'Cause I can’t tell you (To, to, to)
Who to whip it to (who to sock it to)
Oh, yeah

[Verse 1]
You don't want me
And you don't want nobody else to want me
What kind of man, what kind of man are you?
You don't need me
And you don't want nobody else to need me
What kind of thing are you trying to send me through?

[Chorus]
Now if you're not gonna take care of business
Then you ought to stop taking up space
Because you're just taking up, that's all you're doing
You're just taking up another man's place

[Verse 2]
Oh, baby, you don't even, you don't even
Want me to go to the store alone
What kind of man, what manner of man are you?
You run over me
You run right over me trying to answer the telephone
Tell me what kind of thing
What kind of thing do you think you're going to put me through?

[Chorus]
You keep me wanting
You keep me wanting the one thing you never gave
Well, right here now, you can stop taking up another man's space

[Bridge]
Baby, I've been faithful
And you know I've been true
But if you're not gonna love me
Tell me what do you expect me to do

[Outro]
Oh, if you're not gonna love me, baby
And you know I need, I need, I need somebody to love me
Then you just ought to stop taking up another man's space
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, baby
If you're gonna leave me
If you know you're really gonna leave me, baby
Don't you know that you ought to
You just ought to stop taking up another man's place
You know I need somebody right now
It's an evil wind
That blows no good air
It's a sad heart
That won't love like I know it should
Oh how lonesome (oh how lonesome)
You must be
(You must be)
It's a shame (shame)
You don't share your love with me

It's a heartache yeah
(It's a heartache)
When love is gone
(Baby, It's a heartache)
But it's bad
(Bad) and even sad (sad)
Oh later on

And there's no one blinder
Than you won't see me
It's a shame
(shame)
If you won't share
Some of your love with me
I can't help it oh no
If he's gone
I must try to forget
Because I got to live on
Ooooh
It's a good thing
It's a sweet thing
(It's a sweet thing)
To love someone
(Such a sweet thing)

But it's bad (bad)
And even sadder (sad)
When it's not returned

And Ooooooooooh
How lonesome... how lonesome
How lonesome baby
(oh, how lonesome)
You must be
(You must be)

I tell ya it would be a shame (shame)
A shame (shame)
If you don't share
Your love with me
(Share your love with me)
It would really be a mistake baby
If you don't share
Your love with me
(Share your love with me)

It would sure be a shame
(Shame shame)
If you don't share
Share your love with me
FADES -
Share your love with me
Come on bab - ay
It was so easy baby, you made it so easy, yeah
You knew exactly what to say and do
Had all the answers, you knew how to please me
How’d you guess I’d fall in love with you?
Now I’m scared, oooh, I’m scared what we’re coming to

Oh, break it to me gently, be careful of what you say
And save it, save it, save it
Save it, save it, save it, save it for tomorrow
Maybe then you’ll stay one more day, hey yeah

It was so easy, baby, you made it so so easy, yes, you did
I’m weak now, darling, need your tenderness
I gave you my loving, oh baby, and all my sweet music
Why’d you give me what you knew I would need?

Are you sure, really really sure it has to end like this?
If you don’t love me, if you don’t need me

Oh, break it to me gently, be careful of what you say
And save it, save it for tomorrow
Maybe, baby you’ll stay, you’ll stay, oh, one more day
I need, I need you, I need you, baby
I need you, baby, one more hour
Oh yeah, I need you, oh I need you
Oooh baby, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now one more day

Oh yeah, I need you, baby, I need you
I need you, I need you, I need you one more hour
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I need you, baby, one more day
Lalala...

Daddy told me always to follow the golden rule
And he said that, Aretha, it’s really a sin to be mean and cruel
So remember if you’re untrue
Angels up in heaven are looking, looking at you, yeah, at the stars

You’ll never get to heaven if you break my heart, baby
So be very careful not to break my heart
You won’t get to heaven if you, if you break my heart, ohohoho, oho

Lalala...

I’ve been hearing rumors all about how you play around (Yes, I have)
And though I don’t, I don’t believe what I hear, baby, still it gets me down
If you ever should say goodbye
It will be so awful the angels would cry

You’ll never get to heaven if you break my heart, baby (Baby)
So be very careful, honey, not to break my heart
You won’t get to heaven if you, if you break my heart, ohohoho, oho
Lalala...

I can’t hardly wait for the day when we say “I do” (Oooh)
It’s the day that I, I dreamed of so long, now it’s coming true
You will promise to cherish me (Yes, you will)
And, baby, if you break your promise, the angels, they can see, oooh, yeah

You’ll never get to heaven if you break my heart, baby (Baby)
So you know you gotta be careful not to break my heart
You won’t get to heaven if you, if you break my heart, ohohoho, oho

Lalala...
Everybody, lalala...

And I know you wanna go (Yes, you do)
Lalala...

If you’re driving in your car, watch what you’re doing and think
Lalala...

[Intro]
Yeah, yeah, oh
Bum bum bum, boy

[Verse 1]
Why don't I shake it
Don't get mad and get flaky
'Cause this dance you don't know
Let Aretha you how it go
Just spread your feet out
Move your hands all about
Bend over, big rover
We're gonna tear the joint up

[Chorus]
And we're gonna jump
We're gonna  shake a little fun
You're doing fine
Hey, baby, you're right on time
There's a bump
And I hope your mama don't call, no no (Jump)
We gonna keep it In the groove

[Verse 2]
Hey, baby, you're all for me
'Cause your movement just sets me free
Love the way you party hard
Now I don't want nothing to tear us apart
You do, I do fine, yeah
Oh, my partner 'bout to shake a leg
And then one thing I need to know
If you love me, baby, tell me so

[Chorus]
Hey (jump) we're gonna jump
We're gonna shake a little fun
You're doing fine
Hey, know you're right on time
Jump up
And I hope my daddy don't call, no no
(Jump) We gonna keep it in the groove
Yeah do it, baby
Do it, baby
(Jump) Whoa
Bum bum bum bum bum bum, boy
(Jump)
Yeah, yeah (jump)
Jump, jump, jump, baby, jump, baby

[Verse 1]
Let me walk this road of life with you
Step by step, uphill or down
No matter where it's leading to
Reach out and take my hand
If you should find a hill along the way too steep to climb

[Chorus]
Lean on me, I'll never let you fall
Oh, lean on me, I'll keep you standing tall
Oh (Together we'll make it)
Mmm (Together we'll make it)

[Verse 2]
Let me dream the dreams that you dream of
Big or small, together we could make them all come true, my love
Dream, dream the impossible with all of your heart
But if you look around and find that dreams are falling apart

[Chorus]
Lean on me, I ain't gonna let you fall
Oh, eh, lean on me, I'll keep you standing tall
Yes, I will, oooh, hear me now (Together we'll make it)
Hear me now (Together we'll make it)
Yes, we will, ooh

[Bridge]
Hear me darling, take my hand if you should find
A hill along the way too steep to climb

[Outro]
Oh, lean on me, baby, I'll never let you fall
Oh oh oh, lean on me, I'll keep you standing tall
Oh (Together we'll make it)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Together we'll make it)
Together we'll make it, baby (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Yes, we will, yes, we will (Baby, we'll make it)
Right on, right on, right on (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Right on, yes, we will, now (Baby, we'll make it)
People knows we're gonna found (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Because because (Together we'll make it)
Together we gonna make it (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Yeah, yeah

[Verse 1]
We've had a hard time
You and I
Life sent us through some changes
Oh, but somehow we got by

[Pre-Chorus]
A winding road, a heavy load
Is nothing new, you see
We know that through the bad times
I'll have you and you'll have me

[Chorus]
United together
I finally found the one
Who'll love me forever
We two have just become as one

[Verse 2]
If we just keep this love alive
As time goes on this joy we know
Can't help but grow inside

[Pre-Chorus]
Some people spend a lifetime
Looking for that special need
I'm so glad my search is over
Darling, I'm so glad that we're

[Chorus]
United together
(United together)
I finally found the one
(I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever
(Who'll love me forever)
We two have just become
(We two have just become as one)

[Bridge]
There's nothing we can't overcome
If you let me be your only one
There's nothing we can't overcome
If you let me be your one and only, one and only

[Pre-Chorus]
Some people spend a lifetime
Looking for that special need
I'm so glad my search is over
Darling, I'm so glad that we're

[Chorus]
United together
(United together)
I finally found the one
(I have finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever
(Who will love me and stand by me forever)
We two have just become

United together
(United together)
I finally found the one
(I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever
(Who will love me and stand by me forever)
We two have just become
(Ooh, yes, we have)
We two have just become
(Oh, yes, we have)

United together
(United together)
I finally found the one
(I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever
(Who will love me, love me, love me)
We two have just become
(We are, we are, we are)
United together
(United together)
I finally found the one
(Finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever
(Who will love me forever)
We two have just become
(Ooh, we two)

United together
(United together)
I finally found the one
(I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever
(Who will love me forever)
We two have just become
(We two have just become)

United together
(United together)
I finally found the one
(I finally found the one)
Who'll love me forever
(Oh, who will love me forever)
We two have just become
Ha ...... Fix nigga!(Prefix, album this was on)
My mind sporadically
Same time compatibly
Wayne carter graduate bang bang academy
Change my reality
Thank god for grabbin me
Sort of like him cause they can't stop the wrath of me
But hell have no fury
Neither I even I would walk up in the devils kitchen eat a pie
Greedy I never full gettin fat
And bitch i gotta itch so don't let me catch you wit that scra-scra-scratch
Yall niggas off the face of the earth
Even mase came back for the money outta church
So wit that on my mission for that money imma work
My divine intervention might be in that woman's purse
Tryna find a betta system but im runnin out of perk
Baby daughter tell me erks
Then daddy heart hurts
So daddy pop at em until they heart burst
For my baby girl candy i make her starburst
9-11 was a fuckin shame i done saw worst like
What if that bullet would've hit my heart first life
Would it be different i be still fuckin round wit death
Cause i got shot afer that
And after that i grab the empty cases and tried to throw that bitch back at they faces see that i made it
My nigga reel was on the ground like naw i got up and looked around and grabbed the spot like AAAHHH
Im hard to kill Hardy ha
Cut the music back up and keep the party goin
Fuck em
And i dont need no crease
Im a mothafuckin gangsta off eagle street
I dont need the hot boys i still keep my heat
And i ain't gotta squad up i still keep my feet
They call me Michelangelo you paint them so street
But you remove that wallpaper bet that sheet rock weak (haha)
And you and i know whats goin on
You probably ridin to a different song
Im probably ridin on some different chrome
Im probably high in a different zone
But when im off we can get it on
I take no days off catch that shit from my friend
I clock out when i punch in
Im shootin reel you ain't gotta block out its goin in em
Them rats stop hatin on the snake the boy venom
The cat like peyton for the lakers gonna win em
Im certified stamp im a champion
Like would you bontime
Shit i shoot you nine times
Like you was fifty
But you won't be as likely as fifty
I light me some piffy
Like hella-bright on the enffy
Like what nigga like me or lift me
I dont duck i be right in ya city
For them bucks i take me a flight and come and get right, right in ya city yup
Im juss like diddy and nothin like puff yeah
Im sumthin like city he sumthin like young wizzy
My nikes is spiffy im hardly a gotti
Im slightly a nitti all of a carter
Bitch niggas never bitch me
Bum niggas never ditch me
Shit i gotta me man im raw slip me
Thank god for granting me this moment of clarity this moment of honesty ain't no moe squad in me HAAH
(Chorus 1 - Lil Wayne)
I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin' for a lady
And you can never pay me I'm from Uptown baby
I wake up in the mornin' take a piss and wash my hands
Take a knee and thank the Man then get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

(Verse 1 - Lil Wayne)
Nigga I ain't got a money printer
So for this paper chase I'm out runnin' sprinters
Yes the last two Cash Money members
Shout out to the new Cash Money members
Baby and Slim still point guard and center
So much money on my mind it's all I remember
And I just bought a gun wit' a extender
And that bitch hold me up like suspenders
Cut like a blender sharper than a bitch
They got so many pussy niggas I can make a list
Niggas wonder why I stress that I am the best
'Cause even bobble heads tell me yes.. haha
Put it on the hood I'm Hollygrove to death
I'm already good I'm workin' on my left
A jungle on my wrist a circus on my neck
Don't forget the Baby no don't forget the F
(Chorus 2 - Lil Wayne - 2X)
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

(Verse 2 - Birdman)
Brush the platinum grab the straps homie make it happen
Comin' through my neighborhood wit' 4's on the Caddy
Limo tints out the pound and Uptown crackin'
Red bandanna duckin' feds and the money stackin'
Rest in peace to Miss Gladys like e'eryday
We on the grind for the shine and we gon' get paid
Spent a mill' on the wheels custom wit' the navi'
2 of the same whips we doin' it big livin' lavish

(Lil Wayne)
This is a Scott Storch and I'm a hot torch
And gettin' money is my sport
And understand the rap game is my court
So I shall walk and come forth like a Rockport
Or some sort of... matchin' slippers or yacht shoes
See I don't cruise control I control the cruise
Yes... I gets throat on a boat
And I vow to never fall like soap on a rope and
(Chorus 1 - Lil Wayne)
I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin' for a lady
And you can never pay me I'm from Uptown baby
I wake up in the mornin' take a piss and wash my hands
Take a knee and thank the Man then get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money

(Verse 3 - Birdman)
Fresh wit' the hustle so we bounce back on them suckers
Blowin' big doin' gigs got it ran in hundreds
They reppin' layin' here we stuntin'
On the grind all the time homie gettin' money
3rd Ward soldier 13th gangsta
17th hustler known top ranker
Money go getter them clowns can't figure
Poppin' at the mouth like this cutter won't split 'em
Know how to survive hustlin' stayin' fly
My whole hood cried when my lil' brother died
Know I had to ride never let it slide
It's just the G in me and I'ma get it til I die daddy

(Chorus 2 - Lil Wayne - 2X)
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
You ain't know I gotta go
Where ya goin'? I gotta get back to the money
To the money
(music to fade)

[Verse 1]
It isn't by chance I happen to be
The belle of the ball, the toast of Paris
Over the noise, the talk and smoke
I'm good for a laugh, a drink or a joke
I walk in a room, a party or a ball
"Come sit over here" somebody will call
A drink for my friends, a drink for them all
But how many times I stop and recall

[Chorus]
Ah, the apple trees, blossoms in the breeze
That we walked among
Lying in the hay, games we used to play
While the rounds were sung
Only yesterday, when the world was young

[Verse 2]
Wherever I go they mention my name
And that in itself is some sort of fame
"Come by for a drink, we are having a game"
Wherever I go, it's so glad I came
The talk is quite gay, the company's fine
There's laughter and lights and glamour and wine
And thousands of men, some who are mine
But often my eyes see a different shine

[Outro]
Ah, the apple trees, sunlit memories
Where the hammock swung
On our backs we'd lie looking at the sky
'Til the stars were strung
Only yesterday, when the world was young

[Boy]
Please don't be offended if I preach to you awhile
Tears are out of place in eyes that were meant to smile
There's a way to make your very biggest troubles small
Here's the happy secret of it all

Refrain:

Look for the silver lining
When e'er a cloud appears in the blue
Remember some where the sun is shining
And so the right thing to do
Is make it shine for you

A heart, full of joy and gladness
Will always banish sadness and strife
So always look for the silver lining
And try to find the sunny side of life

Verse 2

[Girl}
As I wash my dishes, I'll be following your plan
Till I see the brightness in ev'ry pot and pan
I am sure your point of view will ease the daily grind
So I keep repeating in my mind

[Intro]
Oh, oh, oh, that's the sound
Of a worried, a worried man
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha
That's the sound of having a good time
Mhm, that's the sound of pain

[Chorus]
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain of fools

[Verse 1]
Lord, for five years
See a worried man
Chain of love
Oh, hardly passed
For five long years
I thought you were my man
But I found out
I'm just a link in your chain

[Chorus]
Oh, chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain of fools

[Verse 2]
You got me where you want me
I ain't nothin' but your fool
You treated me mean
Oh, you treated me cruel
Every chain
Has got a weak link
I might be weak, child
But I'll give you strength, oh yeah

[Chorus]
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (Chain, chain, chain)
Chain of fools

[Bridge]
You told me to leave you alone
My father said, "Come on home"
My doctor said, "Take it easy"
Oh, but your lovin' is much too strong
I'm added to your...

[Chorus]
Chain, chain, chain (chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (chain, chain, chain)
Your chain of fools, oh

[Bridge]
One of these mornings
The chain is gonna break
But up until then, yeah
I'm gonna take all I can take, oh hey

[Chorus]
Chain, chain, chain (chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (chain, chain, chain)
Chain, chain, chain (chain, chain, chain)
Chain of fools, oh
Chain, chain, chain
Chain, chain, chain, oh
Chain, chain, chain
Your chain of fools, oh yeah
I-I'm gettin' the spirit in the dark
(um-hum-hum)
I'm gettin' the spirit in the dark
(Um-hum-hum)
People movin' oh and they groovin'
Just gettin' the spirit
(Um-hum-hum) in the dark

Tell me sister how do ya feel?
Tell me my brother-brother-brother
How do you feel?
A do you feel like dancin?
Get up and let's start dancin'
Start gettin' the spirit
(Start gettin' in the spirit)
Spirit in the dark
(In the dark)

(Doot-doot)
It's like Sally Walker
(Do-do-doot-doot)
Sittin' in a saucer
(Do-do-do-do-do-do)
That's how ya (doot) do it
(Do-do-doot-doot)
It ain't nothin'
(Do-ooo-do-ooo-doot-doot) to it
Riiiiide Sally ride
(Do-ooo-do-do-do)
Put your hand on your hips
Cover your eyes
And move
(Move)

With the spirit
(With the spirit)
Go on an move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Oh move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
Now-now-now
(With the spirit)
Move with the spirit

Are you gettin the spirit?
(Yeah)
Are you gettin' it in the dark?
(Yeah)
I wonder how you're gettin' the spirit?
(Yeah)
Gettin' the spirit in the dark
(Yeah)
People movin' yeah-yeah-yeah
Everybodys groovin'
Just gettin' the spirit
(Start gettin' in the spirit)
Are you gettin' it?
Are you gettin' it in the dark?
(In the dark)

(Doot-doot)
It's like Sally Walker
(Doo-do-do-do)
Sittin' in her saucer
(Doo-do-do-do-do)
That's how ya do it
(Doo-do-do-do-do)

Now get on up to it
(Doo-do-do-do-do)
Ride Sally ride
(Doo-do-do-do-do)
Put your hands on your hips
Cover your eyes

And move on up with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Go on and move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Move with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Hey now move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
Piano
(I THINK I'VE GOT IT!

All of my brothers
(Move with the spirit)
All of my sisters
(Move with the spirit)
Move
(Move with the spirit)
With the spirit
(Move with the spirit)
Keep on movin'
(Move with the spirit)
We all groove
(Groove with the spirit now)
Now move
(Move with the spirit)
Keep on groove!
(Groove with the spirit)
You gotta move your hands
(Move)
Put em together
And groove your hands
Gotta move your feet
(Groove!)
The spirit on the beat
(Move)
Oh move
(Move with the spirit)
Move!
(Move with the spirit)
Oh move
(Move with the spirit)
Move
(Move with the spirit)
Move with the spirit
(Move with the spirit)
Ooo yeah move on
(Move with the spirit)
Oh right on!
(The spirit)
Come on!
(The spirit)
Right on
(The spirit)
(Move on)
(The spirit)
Feel it
(The spirit)
Feel it
(Oh that spirit)
Feel
(Oh that spirit)
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
(Move with the spirit)
Yeah move on
(Move with the spirit)
Yeah
(Move with the spirit)
Yeah
(Move with the spirit)
Move on
(Move with the spirit)
Oh Good God A-Mighty!
(Move with... the spirit)
Yeah Good God A-Mighty)
A little sugar, honey suckle lamb
Great expression of happiness
Boy, you could not miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you
It is true, the makings of you, oh

It's been a miracle for what you've done
Please stay right by my side
Two can be one for the righteous way to go
Anyone would know
I believe I thought I told you so
You're second to none

Love of all mankind should reflect some sign
Of the words I'm trying to recite
They're close, but not quite
Almost impossible to do
Describing the makings of you
You're a no good heart breaker
You're a liar and you're a cheat
And I don't know why
I let you do these things to me
My friends keep telling me
That you ain't no good
But oh, they don't know
That I'd leave you if I could

I guess I'm uptight
And I'm stuck like glue
Cause I ain't never
I ain't never, I ain't never, no, no (loved a man)
(The way that I, I love you)

Some time ago I thought
You had run out of fools
But I was so wrong
You got one that you'll never lose
The way you treat me is a shame
How could ya hurt me so bad
Baby, you know that I'm the best thing
That you ever had
Kiss me once again
Don'cha never, never say that we we're through
Cause I ain't never
Never, Never, no, no (loved a man)
(The way that I, I love you)

I can't sleep at night
And I can't eat a bite
I guess I'll never be free
Since you got, your hooks, in me

Whoa, oh, oh
Yeah! Yeah!
I ain't never loved a man
I ain't never loved a man, baby
Ain't never had a man hurt me so bad

No
Well this is what I'm gonna do about it
(Chorus - T-Pain - 2X)
Yeah (I got the shoes wit' the matchin' fit check)
Yeah (I got them jewels lookin' phat around my neck)
Yeah (Take a picture) Click click
(Take a picture) click click
(Check me out!) Yeah I know what I'm doin'

(Verse 1 - Rick Ross)
Started wit' a nick then I seen a hundred bricks
Started on a corner now a nigga 106
Heroin ain't quiet nah you can't quiet mine
I got the whole dirty south in line buyin' mine
You know I gotta shine you just bezzle yours
I Fifty-carat mine I'm fuckin' several whores
When you hear the (brrrr) you know I got the sack
'Cause when I hit the (brrrr) he always got the packs
M-I-Yayo I'm gettin' cake hoe
If you don't love Cash Money you can stay broke
Fifty on the chain twenty for the piece
A grand for the bitch the whip is not a lease
You know I'm stuntin' hard Phantom in the front yard
Put Ross on the front just to front hard
Cash Money money comin' on freight liners
Cash Money got me buyin' these great diamonds
(Chorus - T-Pain - 2X)

(Verse 2 - Birdman)
We got the swine wit' the suede on top
The money keep a-comin' nigga peep the droptops
The white keep cookin' and the beige raw rock
And we flip the whole bird mama cookin' out the pots
Keep the tool in my hand 'cause we get it 'round the clock
Untangle few knots but we still flood the blocks
Them niggas poppin' shit but they know we stay cocked
And if they ever play wit' me I'm gettin' another tear drop
250 on the grill spent the same on the watch
Them hoes see us winnin' so you know they gon' flock
I bought another island wit' them foreign head lights
I scored a hundred birds and they flew the same night
Them laws keep a-watchin' so we shinin' so bright
Got the tags on the windows and them brand new bikes
Big Money Heavyweight nigga that's my life
Neighborhood superstars got the candy on the whips and the bike nigga

(Chorus - T-Pain - 2X)

(Verse 3 - Lil Wayne)
Started wit' some hubbers 12 years old
Man I swear to God I was 12 years old
My mama didn't know and Stunna ain't know 'bout it
'Til the day I got shot they found some money in my pocket
Yeah... I know a nigga named Big Rufus that'll break ya off
Them niggas runnin' up the terminal we takin' off
They say that money turn a model bitch into a dog
And I got a couple Eva Pigfords in my backyard
Nigga I mack hard bitch I'm a bad boy
Fuck a security guard I turn 'em into track stars
You know my name baby that's Weezy Fuckin' Baby
And if that nigga hatin' on ya then fuck him baby
I tell 'em fuck 'em girl
18 inch windows in my crib you'll see the whole world
Bitch what you tryna do? I haven't spent a check yet off The Carter 2
I am that fuckin' dude now who the fuck are you?
(Chorus - T-Pain - 2X)
(music to fade)
Oh yeah, hoo

Mr.Bigstuff, who do u think u are?
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna get my love

Not because you wear
All those fancy clothes (oh yeah)
And have a big fine car
Oh yes you do now
Do you think I can't afford
To give you my love (oh yeah)
You think you're higher
Than every star above

Mr.Bigstuff, who do you think you are?
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna get my love

Now I know all the girls
I've seen you with
I know you broke their hearts
And ate them up bit by bit
You made them cry
Many poor girls cry
When they trying to keep you happy
They just trying ta keep you satisfied
Mr. Bigstuff,(tell me tell me), who do you think you are?
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna get my love

I'd rather give my love
To a poor guy that has a love that is true
(Oh yeah)
Then to be fooled by
And get hurt by you

Cause when I give my love
I want love in return (oh yeah)
Now I know this is a lesson
Mr.Bigstuff you haven't learned

Mr.Bigstuff, tell me, who do you think you are?
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna get my love
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna break my heart
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna make me cry
Mr.Bigstuff, tell me, who do you think you are?
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna get my love
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna break my heart
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna make me cry
Mr.Bigstuff, tell me, who do you think you are?
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna get my love
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna break my heart
Mr.Bigstuff, you're never gonna make me cry
Jeremiah was a bullfrog was a good friend of mine
I never understood a single word he said
But I helped him a-drink his wine
And he always had some mighty fine wine, singin'

Joy to the world
All the boys and girls now
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me

If I were the king of the world
Tell you what I'd do
I'd throw away the cars and the bars and the war
Make sweet love to you, sing it now

Joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me

You know I love the ladies, love to have my fun
I'm a high life flyer and a rainbow rider
A straight shootin' son of a gun
I said a straight shootin' son of a gun
Joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me

Joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me

Joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Joy to the world
Joy to you and me

Joy to the world
All the boys and girls now
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me

Joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me

I wanna tell you, joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me
Joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea
Joy to you and me

Joy to the world
All the boys and girls
Come on now
Oh'oh'ho'ho'oh'
Here we, here we, here we go again
Well, boy

I caught you slippin' (Mmm), ooh, you must be trippin'
'Cause now I know, oh, yes I know, mmm
About your other girls in your past, in your black book
A very long time ago, oh'ho'ho'

Well, you must think I'm crazy
You must think I'm blind
If you want to keep me, boy
Then stop wastin' my time

Here we go again
It's the same old song
You're thinkin' you're gon' do me
Like the other ones before, baby

Here we go again
It's the same old song
Ooh, straighten up your act
Or else I'm walking out the door
All this time (All this time) I thought that I (I)
Was the one who had the problem, oh'yeah'mmm'
I gave you everything, hopin' things might change
But still you ain't around, so, whoa'oh'oh'

You must think I'm foolish (Oh, yeah)
You must think I'm blind (Do you think I'm blind)
If you want (If you want) my precious love (My precious love)
Then stop telling me lies (Stop wastin', wastin' my time)

Here we go again (Oh')
It's the same old song (Same old song)
You're thinking you're gon' do me
Like the other ones before, baby

Here we go again
It's the same old song
Ooh, straighten up your act
Or else I'm walkin' out the door

You know I've tried to give you the world
Oh, and everything you need, oh'oh'
Oh, I tried (I') so many times (So many times)
You still mistreated me, oh, here we go

Here we go again (Here we, here we, here we, here we)
It's the same old song (Here we, here we, here we go again)
You're thinking you're gon' do me (Here we, here we, here we, here we go)
Like the other ones before, baby (Here we go again, well, well, well)
Here we go again (Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, ba-baby)
It's the same old song
Ooh, straighten up your act
Or else I'm walking out the door

Here we go again (If you go away)
It's the same old song (Won't be long)
You're thinking you're gon' do me (Don't take all my money, baby, I'll be gone)
Like the other ones before, baby

Here we go again (Oh, ho, baby)
It's the same old song (Same old rhythm)
Ooh, straighten up your act (Oh, yes, oh, baby)
Or else I'm walking out the door (Oh, yeah)

Here we go again
It's the same old song
You're thinking you're gon' do me
Like the other ones before, baby

Here we go again
It's the same old song (Same old rhythm)
Ooh, straighten up your act
Or else I'm walking out the door

Oh, ho'yeah
Hey, well
Yeah, baby, oh'oh'

[Verse 1 - Lil Wayne]
See me, I'm focused man
But my girl don gon' snappy
Stuntin' like her daddy
Vroom on the Yamaha
She ride me like a Kawasaki
I call her lil buddy
Sometimes I call her shawty
She only wears dresses
She sleep in Ed Hardy
Ya digg hah
It's Young Weezy the 80's baby
And we can get together, make 80 babies
Now the house brand new
The car brand new
But your still the same old you

[Chorus - RL]
I want a girl like her
That'll stay down for me
Everything that I need
That'll put me first
Here for better or worse
I wanna a girl like her
Somebody that'll look like her
Somebody that can cook like her
Sex is off the hook like her
On everything I need a girl like her

[Verse 2 - RL]
I need somebody that'll always send my bag
Somebody that'll keep me on track
When I feel the weight of the world on me
I need somebody like this
She gotta handle her business
Know how to hold my interest
Be there in an instant
I'm looking for you

[Chorus - RL]
I want a girl like her
That'll stay down for me
Everything that I need
That'll put me first
Here for better or worse
I wanna a girl like her
Somebody that'll look like her
Somebody that can cook like her
Sex is off the hook like her
On everything I need a girl like her

[Verse 3 - RL]
She's gotta have her head on straight

My escape from the every day
Things to deal with
Someone to chill with
I can build with
Something real with
Not that everyday in the club
Need more than the average one
Something special
Extra exceptional
Freaky sexual

[Chorus - RL]
I want a girl like her
That'll stay down for me
Everything that I need
That'll put me first
Here for better or worse
I wanna a girl like her
Somebody that'll look like her
Somebody that can cook like her
Sex is off the hook like her
On everything I need a girl like her

[Bridge - RL]
If you get your own money
If you got your own crib
If you got good credit
And you handle your biz
Sing along with this
Talking to you
Uh

[Chorus - RL]
I want a girl like her
That'll stay down for me
Everything that I need
That'll put me first
Here for better or worse
I wanna a girl like her
Somebody that'll look like her
Somebody that can cook like her
Sex is off the hook like her
On everything I need a girl like her

[Outro - RL]
Talking to you
I'm looking for somebody like her
Could you be her?
Could you be her?
Yeah
I'm an evil gal don't you bother with me, no
I said I'm an evil gal don't you mess around with me, mmhmm
Well I'll empty your pockets and fill you with misery, yes I will!
If you tell me good mornin'
I'm gon' tell you that's a lie
If you say hello baby I'mma give you the evil eye
I'mma evil gal don't you mess around with me, mmhmm
I'm gonna empty your pockets and fill you with misery, yes I will
I want caviar for breakfast, champagne every night
I want a midnight snack for every man that I invite
I'm an evil gal don't you mess around with me, no
So goodbye baby I'm gonna set you free
Whoa if you wanna be happy honey don't you mess around with me
I said if you wanna be happy don't you mess around with me, no
'Cause I'll empty your pockets and fill you with misery
Yeah yeah oh I'm evil

Oh if you wanna be happy don't you hang out with me, no more
I said if you wanna be happy, honey, don't you hang out with me
You'd better not
'Cause I'll empty your pockets and I'll set you free
And I'm so proud that's how I am!
(L) I'm climbing

(C) I'm climbing

(L) Higher mountains

(C) Higher mountains

(L) Trying to get home

(C) Trying to get home (Repeat)

(L) I'm climbing

(C) Climbing... (Repeat as directed)

(L) Higher mountains Lord I'm climbing Every day Oh I'm climbing

(C) I'm climbing

(L) Higher mountains
(C) Higher mountains

(L) Trying to get home yeah

(C) Trying to get home

(L) My road been a little rocky on my way home

(C) Trying to get home

(L) My road has been a little rocky on my way home

(C) Trying to get home

(L) Ow... my road

(C) Climbing... (Repeat as directed)

(L) Has been a little rocky Going on up the Going on up the mountain I tell you my road

(C) I'm climbing

(L) Has been a little rocky

(C) Higher mountains
(L) On the way home Lord

(C) Trying to get home

(L) I'm going up the Side of the mountain On my way home (meet my people)

(C) Trying to get home

(L) I'm going up the Side of the mountain On my way home

(C) Trying to get home

(L) I'm going up

(C) Climbing (Repeat as directed)

(L) The ruff side of the mountain Oh Jesus On my way

Vamp (L) Yea, yea, yea, yea, yeah

(C) Higher, higher (Repeat as directed)

(L) Climbing Higher Higher Lord Higher Going on higher Lord To meet Jesus Higher and higher Higher Oh higher Lord Higher Higher Lord Higher Higher Oh... hey Yeah higher Higher Higher Lord Oh...higher Oh higher I'm climbing

(C) I'm climbing
(L) Higher mountains

(C) Higher mountains

(L) Trying to get home

(C) Trying to get home...

(L) Oh... Lord
Baby, we’ve got to have us a little talk
Gonna have to pack up my things, I’m gonna walk
You say a dollar goes from hand to hand
But before I see you go from woman to woman
I’d rather drink muddy water
Sleep out in a hollow log, yes I would

I love you, baby, but you just won’t be fair
I don’t believe you know how to be on the square
Now go on and have your fun and if you must
But before I have another man that I cannot trust
I’d rather drink muddy water
Sleep out in a hollow log, yeah

You promised me you were gonna live by the golden rule
I work all day and walk just like a fool
For you my kisses are sweet as they can be
But before I see you make a stone fool out of me
I’d rather drink muddy water
Yes, I’d rather drink muddy water
I’d rather drink muddy water
Oh yes, I would

I’d rather drink muddy water
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, I would
Show me the way, way, way, way, way down
To that place I can find that muddy water

I’ll go ahead and turn it on up
I say I’d rather drink muddy water
I’d rather drink muddy, muddy, muddy water
Sleep out in a hollow log

[Verse 1]
Nobody knows except my pillow at night
All through the day how many tears I have to fight
Oh, when I'm alone, yeah

[Chorus]
I just cry like a baby
Cry like a baby
Oh I cry
I cry
Oh yeah

[Verse 2]
Nobody sees except my mirror on the wall
I'm not the fairest I'm the bluest of them all
And, oh
When I'm alone, yeah

[Chorus]
I just cry like a baby
I cry like a baby
I cry
I cry
Oh yeah

[Bridge]
Each day I say, "Tomorrow will be my lucky day"
Ah ha yeah
And my pillow will be surprised when I come home with glad eyes
And the mirror on the wall will see that I am the happiest of them all

[Verse 3]
No more nights staring at daddy's chair
Because I know that you'll be standing there
Oh, when I'm alone, yeah, I won't

[Chorus]
Cry like a baby
Cry like a baby

[Outro]
Oh yeah
Said I won't cry
I won't cry like a baby
Woo-hoo, no
Oh oh yeah
I said that I won't cry
A chair is still a chair
Even when there's no one
Sitting there
But a chair is not a house
And a house is not a home
When there's no one there
To hold you tight
And no one there
You can kiss goodnight

A room is still a room
Even when there's nothing there but gloom
But a room is not a house
And a house is not a home
When the two of us are far apart
And one of us
Has a broken heart

Now and then
I call your name
And suddenly your face appears
But it's just
A crazy game
When it ends
It ends in tears

Darling have a heart
Don't let one mistake
Keep us apart
I'm not meant to live alone
Turn this house into a home
When I climb the stair
And turn the key please be there
Still in love with me

Yea...

I'm not meant to live alone
Turn this house into a home
When I climb the stair
And turn the keys
Please be there
Still in love
With me
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us (no)
Now go down girl, give head, go down
Go down girl, give head, go down
Now go down, girl, give head, go down
Go down girl give head

Now, momma's a hoe met her at a video with her face ready to go waiting for cameo
She say, i can tell you hustle, i can smell the coke
The money, you got a lot, i can smell the dough
I told her, keep her nose outta business of grown folks
She been to New Orleans twice never been through the ???
Now her pocketbook nice, and her dress coal
But her teeth pearly white and her lips was swole
She bad, have you seen her?
My n*gga said I might aswell marry a diva, like Trina, I pleased her, she please me the same, hey
What's the beauty without the brain?

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head

Right on the club, right in the club, shorty popped an x and gave me head right in the club
To be honest, I don't think we gonna go to my truck cause her cousin's with her and she looking better than her
Yeah, she's fat in the ass, slim in the waist, kinda pretty and she down to take the shit in the face
Licking all on her lips, cause she love how I taste
It's dripping on her chin, hope it don't fall on my ???
Yeah, I'm glad I found ya, can't wait to bring Wayne and Mack Maine around ya
Gave me head in the pool and I damn near drowned her
Before I'd kiss that hoe, I'd rather kiss a perahna

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head

Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us
Now I ain't saying she a dick sucker, but she ain't bout to get a kiss from us

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head, go down Go down girl give head

All my little divas, pay attention, just listen
If we ain't in Paris, then we ain't French kissin'
I'm tryna feel your tounge, I'm just tryna be the one
Give it to ya from the back and make you cough up a lung
Or give a little brain and cough up a sun
I bust two times and then I toss up a one
Now shake it baby, it took your momma 9 months to make you baby
Enter the bedroom, we won't make a baby
Get your kneee pads on, no skating baby
So get your aprons baby
She said, I think it's a boy, she ate the baby

Now go down girl, give head, go down Go down girl, give head, go down Now go down, girl, give head

[Verse 1]
I heard those rumors
You'll soon be gone
They say there's no use
In holdin' on

[Chorus]
But I love you so
I would die if I let you go
Say it's not true, no, no, no, no
That I'm losing you
(I'm losing you, I'm losing you)

[Verse 2]
They say you cheated
They tell me a lie
My love don't change
The way I feel inside

[Chorus]
And if it's so then don't tell me
'Cause I don't wanna know
Say it's not true, no, no, no, no
I'm losing you
(I'm losing you, I'm losing you)

[Bridge]
If I lost you
What would I do?
After all, all we've been through
Come on, come on

[Verse 3]
Maybe she's only
Passion thing
Well, if she is you go
You go on and have yourself a fling

[Chorus]
'Cause when you're through I'll be here
Waiting, waiting just for you
Say it's not true, no, no, no, no
I'm losing you, you

[Verse 1]
I read her letters
And I saw her picture
And I smelled her cheap perfume
It must have come from you
How could you touch her?
Lay down beside her?
Well, there just ain't no excuse
You shouldn't have been so loose

[Pre-Chorus]
I saw the telephone bill
You must be out of your mind
If you think you can smooth it over
Then you're wasting your time

[Chorus]
Well, I'm willing to forgive you but I can't forget
'Cause you really, really, really, really hurt me this time
And I guess I can go on although I must admit
I've been busy, busy, busy, busy thinking that I'm gonna mess around some time

[Verse 2]
You're such a liar
You took her and her children
Out for the afternoon
While I was sittin' waitin' on you
How could you do it?
You should've been here with me
You just couldn't do it
You had to be in the streets

[Pre-Chorus]
Well, I heard through the grapevine
You've been messin' around
When you thought you were gettin' over
That's when a baby girl found out

[Chorus]
Well, I'm willing to forgive you but I can't forget
'Cause you really, really, really, really hurt me this time
(You really hurt me)
And I guess I can go on although I must admit
I've been busy, busy, busy, busy thinking that I'm gonna mess around some time

[Bridge]
I gave my heart, gave my time
Gave my soul 'cause love was blind
I can't explain this poor excuse
Of a man, of a boy who was born to lose
I paid the rent, washed your clothes
Cooked your food and only God knows
Only God knows why I stay with you
I guess (Guess I) I'm in love

[Chorus]
Well, I'm willing to forgive you but I can't forget
(Oh, baby, I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love)
'Cause you really, really, really, really hurt me this time
(Ooh, you really hurt me this time, baby)
And I guess I can go on although I must admit (Although I must admit)
I've been busy, busy, busy, busy thinking that I'm gonna mess around some time
(I'm gonna mess around some time)

[Bridge]
I gave my heart, gave my time
Gave my soul 'cause love was blind
I can't explain this poor excuse
Of a man, of a boy who was born to lose
I paid the rent, I washed your clothes
Cooked your food and only God knows
Only God knows why I stay with you
I guess I...I'm in love

[Chorus]
Well, I'm willing to forgive you but I can't forget
'Cause you really, really, really, really hurt me this time
(Ooh, oh, baby, you hurt me, you hurt me)
And I guess I can go on although I must admit
I've been busy, busy, busy, busy thinking that I'm gonna mess around some time
Well, I'm willing to forgive you but I can't forget
(I'm willin', I'm willin' and able)
'Cause you really, really, really, really hurt me this time...
Precious memories, how they linger
How they ever flood my soul
In the stillness of the midnight
Precious, sacred scenes unfold

Precious father, loving mother
Fly across the lonely years
And old home scenes of my childhood
In fond memory appear

In the stillness of the midnight
Echoes from the past I hear
Old-time singing, gladness bringing
From that lovely land somewhere

As I travel on life's pathway
Know not what the years may hold
As I ponder, hope grows fonder
Precious memories flood my soul
If I lose this dream (this dream!), I don't know what I'm gonna do...
If I lose this dream (this dream!) I'm dreaming about for me and you...

If it goes away, I might as well hang it up, 'cause I don't know
If I have the heart or mind to make it true, to help it grow
And I only know, I only know, I only know...

If I lose this dream (this dream!), it's goodbye, love and happiness, yes...
You're the one I need - I don't want a love that's second-best...

There been things all of my life I wanted to do that made me blue;
Help me hold onto this dream, for sometimes, dreams often come true
And they'll come true, they'll come true, for me and you...

(Wait a minute, baby!)

Don't let me lose this dream!
Baby, baby, hold on!
Don't let me lose my dream!
Baby, baby, be strong!
You say that-a you believe that what I say is true (Hey, hey, hey!)
And that I'm the one and only girl for you - (Wait a minute, baby!) Just tell me...
No matter what the people say, (Hey, hey, hey!) Say that
You're in my corner all the way
And I won't lose this dream...
Baby, baby, hold on!
Don't let me lose my steam!
Baby, baby, be strong!

Don't let me... ooh, baby;
Baby, baby, hold on!
Don't let me... oh...
I see myself in your face
A reflection of pain
Somebody made you
Cry over and over again

Still you and I made it
Through all of this for a reason
Yes, we did
Could it be that we created
Affair for all seasons

'Cause you and I
Were meant to be lovers
The search is over for us
There's no other
We're finally at the rainbow's end

Baby, together, we'll mend
All the cracks in our heart
And just love all the hurt away
Woman, you are the thing
That I hoped and I prayed for
You give your love
And I'm happy like never before

You be the strength
And I'll be your shoulder to lean on
(You can lean on my shoulder)
Building a world
Will our whole place with love songs

'Cause you and I
Were meant to be lovers
The search is over for us
There's no other
We're finally at the rainbow's end

Baby, together, we'll mend
All the cracks in our heart
And just love all the hurt away

'Cause you and I
Were meant to be lovers
The search is over for us
There's no other
We're finally at the rainbow's end
Baby, together, we'll mend
All the cracks in our heart
And just love all the hurt away
(Love all the hurt away)

And love all the hurt away
Yes, we're gonna love
We're gonna love, baby
Yes, we're gonna love, love, oh
Love all the hurt away, yeah, yeah
Love all the hurt away
It brings big tears into my eyes
When I begin, when I begin to realize
That I've cried so much, oh, since you've been gone;
I guess I'll drown in, drown in my own tears...

I've been crying, just like a child;
These tears of mine, these tears are runnin' wild...
And if you don't think... if you don't think that you'll be home soon
Baby, I'm gonna drown... oh, yeah... in my own tears...

Here without you (you)
I get so lonely and I sure get blue (blue), yes, I do...
It seems to keep rainin' (rainin')
Rainin', and raining more and more, and more and more... (More and more...)
Oh, here without you, baby
I sure get lonely and I get so blue
And every time I look around, it's rainin'
More, and more, and more, and more, and more...

Oh, why can't you? (You...) Why can't you...
Why can't you come on home? (You come on home...)
Because I don't wanna be, I don't want to be here all alone...
Listen! if you don't think... (If! You! Don't!)
If you don't think that you're coming home soon (You don't think!), like this evening
I believe I'm gonna drown (drown...) this morning...
I tell you that I'm gonna... (drown...) gonna drown this evening...
And oh! (Drown...) It's sure gonna get bad in the midnight hour
Don't let him let me! (Drown...) Don't let him let me
Don't let him let me! Don't let him let me
Drown (goin' down...), in my own tears...
I don't wanna drown (drown...) in my own tears...
Oh, I'm gonna drown... yeah, in my...
Oh, in my own tears, tears, my tears, tears!
Oh! Don't let him do it, don't let him do it;
I don't wanna drown in my own tears...
Everyday I’m making my way to Matty’s in the morning
Everyday I’m making my way to Matty’s in the morning
Matty’s is kind of lowdown
And I hear there’s gonna be a showdown in Matty’s this morning

What’s happening, Miller?
I wonder, are you on your way to Matty’s this morning?
I’m gonna be all up in there
There’s gonna be a group of people from everywhere in Matty’s this morning
So go on and do your do
Try to hurry up, get through and meet me at Matty’s this morning, yeah

(What’s going on?) What’s going on? It’s got the people talking
(What’s going on?) What’s going on? It’s got them riding and walking
(What’s going on?) What’s going on? It’s got them so mystified, yeah
Early in the morning, late in the evening
Check it out yourself if you can get inside at Matty’s this morning

(Try Matty’s) Try Matty’s when your money is running low
(Try Matty’s) Try Matty’s when you’ve gone everywhere you’d go
(Try Matty’s) Try Matty’s when your true love is gone
(Try Matty’s) Try Matty’s when you can’t go home
(You, try Matty’s) Try Matty’s early in the morning
(Try Matty’s) Oh, try Matty’s late in the evening
(Try Matty’s) Oh
Let's get fucked up
On the road to riches
You just a speed bump
Funny how the heater make a nigga freeze up
We smoke a tree down til it's just a tree stump
That eastside nigga, bang on you bitches
I'm going at your neck, strangle you bitches
Got a long-ass list full of bad-ass bitches
And I stay burned-out like a bad transmission
I'm on, like the lights I light up
The kush, knock out, Mike Tyson fight
I'm talking about ass and titties
Sex and the city
Weezy f baby and the f is for "forget it"
I'm loving my shine, sipping on fine wine
Up in some fine dime then she give me Einstein
Young money motherfucka
Yeah we picked a fine time
I'm a 17 nigga, bitch, I don't mind dyin' man
I just ended up on every bitch's sex list
Genie in the bottle get a muthafuckin deathwish
Thugga in this bitch, he say fuck y'all niggas
Breaking buds down the size of a football nigga
Red beam, gimme the light, no Sean Paul nigga
Let nino bust in your face like a porn star nigga
Yeah I keep the brian pumper, no homo
The shit I'm on got the world moving in slow-mo
Man, I told mack I was gonna do it
Above the law, but under the influence
Man, I was on the skateboard
Kick push swagger, got my girl to the room
Got behind her like a shadow
I had her ass up in the air
I swear I got the largest clip in the world
Right here in my gat
And I wish a nigga play
I'mma bust a nigga's ass
Hate young money? then fuck you in the ass
187 and a hockey mask, ymcmb gonna ball
Til we fall. and this fuck all y'all
Gonna ball til we fall. and this fuck all y'all
We straight, sorry for the wait

[Verse]
Ooh look, just look at me
I'm as helpless as a kitten up a tree
I feel like I'm clinging to a cloud
I can't understand
Why I get misty, holding your hand
Walk my way
And a thousand violins begin to play
Or is it the sound of your hello dear
That music I hear
Ooh, why I get misty whenever you're near

[Bridge]
You can say that you're leading me on
But it's just, just what I want you to do
Can I help it, how hopelessly I'm lost
That's why I'm following you

[Outro]
And on my own, said on my very own
Woo, that I wander through this great big wide world all alone
Never knowing my right hand from my left
My hat from my glove
Ooh, I'm too misty, too much in love
Ooh, I say I'm just too misty
Very, very, very much in love
I want to be with you
I want to be with you

After all those nights of lightning
I was lying there, I was loving you and I was hating you
Tonight I'm touching you and holding you

World, you're gonna see
We'll make out somehow
Here's my guy and me
You can't hurt us now

We're gonna have it all, oooh, baby
I'll love you every day
Baby, life could be so so great for us
Here's our chance, it's not, it's not too late for us
Grab it fast because time won't wait for us

I want to be with you
I want to be with you
We're gonna have it, have it, have it all, ooh, baby
And I'm gonna love you every day, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Honey, life could be so great for us
This is our chance, baby, I know it's not too late for us
We got to grab it fast cause life won't, won't wait, it won't wait, it won't wait for us

I want to be with you, we, baby
Just let me be with you
(Ooh) What you want
(Ooh) Baby, I got it
(Ooh) What you need
(Ooh) Do you know I got it?
(Ooh) All I'm askin'
(Ooh) Is for a little respect when you get home
(Just a little bit) Hey, baby
(Just a little bit) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Mister
(Just a little bit)

I ain't gonna do you wrong
While you're gone
Ain't gonna do you wrong
(Ooh) 'Cause I don't wanna
(Ooh) All I'm askin'
(Ooh) Is for a little respect when you come home
(Just a little bit) Baby
(Just a little bit) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Yeah
(Just a little bit)
I'm about to give you
All of my money
And all I'm askin'
In return, honey
Is to give me my propers
When you get home
(Just a, just a, just a, just a) Yeah, baby
(Just a, just a, just a, just a) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Yeah
(Just a little bit)

Ooh, your kisses
(Ooh) Sweeter than honey
(Ooh) And guess what?
(Ooh) So is my money
(Ooh) All I want you to do for me
(Ooh) Is give it to me when you get home
(Re, re, re, re) Yeah, baby
(Re, re, re, re) Whip it to me
(Respect, just a little bit) When you get home, now
(Just a little bit)

R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Find out what it means to me
R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Take care, T-C-B
Oh
(Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me)
A little respect
(Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me)
Whoa, yeah
(Just a little bit) A little respect
(Just a little bit) I get tired
(Just a little bit) I keep on tryin'
(Just a little bit) You're runnin' out of fools
(Just a little bit) And I ain't lyin'
(Just a little bit)

(Re, re, re, re)
Respect when you come home
(Re, re, re, re)
Or you just might walk in
(Respect, just a little bit)
And find out I'm gone
(Just a little bit)

[Verse 1]
How much do I love you?
Oh, I'll tell you no lie
How deep is the ocean?
How high is the sky?

[Verse 2]
How many, how many, how many
How many times a day do I think of you?
And how, how many rosebuds
Are sprinkled with dew?

[Verse 3]
Oh, yeah, how far, how far would I travel
Just to be where you are?
Oh, can anyone tell me how far
Is the journey from here to a star?

[Verse 4]
Oh, oh, right now and if I
If I ever lost you, ever lost you
Tell me how much would I cry?
Oh yeah, yeah

[Outro]
How deep, how deep is the ocean?
How high is the sky? Oh yeah
Tell me if you love me
Right now
Tell me if you want me
Right now
You make me think you like it
When we kiss
But still you never say so

So if you're only playing
Let´s stop
Cause you're nearly blowing my top
And if you can say you do
But if you don't
Baby tell me right now

You've got a smile I love
And you've a style I love
And your caress
Is all my heart is dreaming of

But if you keep stalling
By the time we click
I'll be turning gray
And you'll be walking
With this trick
So if we're gonna make it
Let's start
Cause you're overworking my heart
I confess that I'm with you
And you with me
But tell me right now

You've got
You've got a smile I love
And God knows you've the style I love
And your caress
Is all my heart is dreaming of

But if you keep stalling
By the time we click
I'll be turning gray
And you'll be walking
With this trick

So if we're gonna make it
We've got to start
Cause you're overworking my heart
And you're the guy that I love
That I can't deny
And all you ever give me
Is just an alibi
And baby I've decided
Now it's do or die
So tell me if you love me
Oh tell me if you love me
I wanna know now
I wanna know now
Yes right now
Hmmm
They call it hard times yeah yeah
Oh, oh yeah yeah, hmm
Oh one more time yeah
One more, one more, one more time yeah, oh hmm yeah

[Incomprehensible] said it was high time that I feel alright
You know yeah yeah yeah
I'm dealing with this love affair
It used to be just physical
But now it's just too emotional for me
I wanna confess but I can't
Tell my girl what I want
So what do I do
Let it burn inside of me
Will I get away
Or will it end in tragedy

Fatal attraction ready for action
She had a body like Ms. Jackson
I knew there was trouble when she passed by
But she was so fly
She invited me over
So I hopped in the Rover
Then my lady called the phone
And I should of went home
But I let the phone roam

And it was like
Oh
I can't keep my shirt on
I swear it's was like
Oh
I can't keep my hands to myself
I'm dealing with this love affair
It used to be just physical
But now it's just too emotional for me
I wanna confess but I can't
Tell my girl what I want
So what do I do
Let it burn inside of me
Will I get away
Or will it end in tragedy

I swear that I was done
I'm never going back
Then she called me up
She said I left my hat
You know I can't live without my hat
I got an excuse double back y'all
So you know I'm gonna have a ball
I said I'm going back y'all
Believe me that's not all

And now I'm like
Oh
I can't keep my shirt on
I swear it's like
Oh (Young Money)
I can't keep my hands to myself
I'm dealing with this love affair
It used to be just physical
But now it's just too emotional for me
I wanna confess but I can't
Tell my girl what I want
So what do I do
Let it burn inside of me
Will I get away
Or let it end in tragedy

Uh, I got a main bitch and a mistress
I'm trying to work it out, I'm on my fitness
Probably won't last, but I'm optimistic
One makes me happy, the other one makes a difference
I ain't a player, but I love a lot
She loves me, she loves me not
But it feel good, and it's not supposed to
I eat her insides, mm soul food
She put her head back, then her eyes close
We stuck in the moment like the time froze
Then my girl call, back to reality
But I keep her in a picture in my heart gallery, oh!

Oh (Yeah)
I can't keep my shirt on
I swear it's like
Oh
I can't keep my hands to myself
I'm dealing with this love affair
It used to be just physical
But now it's just too emotional for me
I wanna confess but I can't
Tell my girl what I want
So what do I do
Let it burn inside of me
Will I get away
Or let it end in tragedy

[Lil Wayne:]
Hello world my name is not important
Today it's about (Tyga) yes sir, lay you (lay you) lay you (lay you) down
Yeah, let's go... imma sit back and smoke... I might grab my guitar

[Hook:]
I got these bullets in the cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round
If my life's in dan-ger
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down

Your life's in my cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round
If my life's in dan-ger
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down

[Tyga:]
Uhh I ain't a killer but don't push me
Far from a saint, don't play that Reggie Bushing
Face covered, Louie hoodie oh he rock skinnies bet we get 'em still
(Lay you) pow pow (lay you down) won't even be present for witness
Wayne said it, send a debit, what them boys charge for it
Recycle her boyfriend, wanna fight box him in cardboard
Tyga star, haters home, look up, yup, I'm on tour
What you plottin' for, part four?

[Hook:]
I got these bullets in the cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round (so like I said)
If my life's in dan-ger (or better yet like he said)
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down

Your life's in my cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round
If my life's in dan-ger
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down (get 'em boy)

[Tyga:]
I be calm till the moment, souls should be roaming (fly)
Your life's in a toilet, shit get it on homie
Thought he knew me, put five on it, bet I'm no looney's toon
Tell 'em this ain't no Daffy Duck movie, for sure

My jewelry got that Daft Punk glow to it
That's why they lookin', participants, I'm no rookie
Get paid the salary, look at me, but don't stand 'cause they're, right here
View my mirrors hell yeah

[Hook:]
I got these bullets in the cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round (so like I said)
If my life's in dan-ger (or better yet like he said)
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down

Your life's in my cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round
If my life's in dan-ger
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down (get 'em boy)

[Lil Wayne:]
You heard me! Better make me love you baby!
Ah ehmmmm, reportin' live from the barrel (get 'em)
Two tear drops under that eye on the sparrow (uhhh)
I'm from a small place they call Uptown where we (lay you) where we (lay you (ha ha ha!) down)

Like concrete in the driveway, shoot sideways like O Dog on Menace
Leave yo' brains in yo' tennis, I'm the renaissance man
So put me in the book and I got my pistol on the hook singing... ha ha ha!

[Hook:]
I got these bullets in the cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round
If my life's in dan-ger
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down
Your life's in my cham-ber
Don't make me let off a round
If my life's in dan-ger
I'm gonna lay you down lay you down

[Lil Wayne:]
When I say fuck y'all... I really mean mammy mutha fuck all y'all
Tyga Tyga, (lay you) Young Money, (lay you (I thought you knew) down)

Lay you (lay you) lay you (lay you) down
Take a look in the mirror, look at yourself
But don't you look too close
'Cause you just might see
The person that you hate the most

Lord, what's happenin' to this human race?
I can't even see one friendly face
Brothers fight brothers and sisters wink their eyes
While silver tongues bear fruits of poison lies

Just take a look at your children born innocent
Every boy and every girl
Denyin' themselves a real chance
To build a better world

Dear Lord, dear Lord , what's happenin' to your precious dream?
It's washin' away on a bloody bloody stream
Take a look at your children before it's too late
And tell them nobody wins when the prize is hate
(Lil Wayne)
Who that, Weezy Bitch
Like Sigel, you fuckin with the young don, people
Plus I'm tryna make a son, he gon' be the sequel
Muh'fuckas better be peaceful, fo' sheezle
I get sums in lumps, like measles
My dough sick, on occations I catch seizures
I treat beef like burgers, just cheese you
And for that cheedar, hungry niggas'll eat you
We breeze through in the twelve with the judo eyes
Bitches yell I wanna do those guys
Ain't that cold, you know shit fucked up when you got banked at fo'
I'm 19 and I got banked at O
That's the Bentley ma, that ain't that Rolls
But the price on that muthafucka ain't that low
Guaranteed that I'll bang that fo'
If your fuckin with the dude
Big shout from Cash Money Records, Fuck You

(Chorus x8)
Fuck you, fuck you nigga, muthafuck you
(Mannie Fresh)
Chains, nines, guns that's us
The slogan is "we will bust"
The rules our this our size
Cross it young nigga and you will die
Pumps, ride guns, even 25's
Cash Money got this, don't even try it
Stay where you from, don't bring no static
If not, then semi-automatic
This is the payback, pussy bitch stay back
Fuck you, yo' mama, yo' daddy and where you lay at
What's beef, beef is when you fuck with us
Guaranteed to lay yo' ass up under the bus
There's no one quicker, than a hot boy nigga
That'll get you with the knife, or pow with the trigger
There's no one keaner, with the chrome Sarafina
Murder ain't nuttin' but a misdemeanor

(Chorus x4)
(Baby)
Fo' sho' nigga
I'm gon' ride 'round my city and stunt my shit
If a nigga don't like it they can suck my dick
I got a Bentley, Jag, Rolls, Ferrari
Lambo' with no top I'm gon' ride tomorrow
Fuck a cutless, regals, and rams V-12
Gotta have somethin fast just to get out them jams
Got a big ass crib with a flow lil fuck
Got a roof all glass and that bitch split up
Got a house built look like a Mercedes booth
Ferrari sofa set with the Lambo' wrench room
Leskitted up kitchen set and Rolls Royce wall
Jaguar floors and fuck all yall
BMW lights, projectors to watch fights
Caddilac Benz, white fox for threads
Chin cheddar for Chi tower, ain't that crazy
I don't give a fuck homie, that's how I play it
Refridge designed like a Lexus with legs
In the fridge, it's quarters to replace the eggs
From me, Fresh, and Weezy fuck what they say
I'm Cash Money stunna nigga and that's how I play it
(Chorus x8)
I wonder

I wonder my darling...
Where are you again tonight?
Are you holding someone else real tight?
Baby, I wonder...

My heart, my heart is aching
I believe that I'm a fool to let it go on breaking
Maybe I wake up and find now that I'm mistaken
Oh but right now I wonder...

I've been through Lover's Lane
And I'm living life just the same
I've been travelling nowhere faced
And what I wanna know, what I wanna know is will it last?

Oh oh I wonder, I wonder my darling
Will you think of me? Will you think of me again tonight?

Or are you holding someone else real tight?
Oh yeah-he-he baby I wonder...
I've been through, I've been through Lover's Lane
And I'm livin' life, livin' it just the same
I've been travelling, been travelling nowhere faced
And what I wanna know right now, what I wanna know is will it last?

I wonder, I wonder, I wonder, I wonder my my my my my my my darling
Will you think of me? Will you think of me every day?
Although I may be a million miles away
Right now I wonder

Although I, although I may be a million miles away
Baby, baby, I wonder
(Woo-wooo-wooo-wooo)

Whoa-ho-ho-ho Holy Wholly
Come together wholly
People we have got to come together
With all of the strength
Have all of the feeling ooo-yeah
Why Holly Wholly
Come on check out the water now now
Water Holly Wholly

We should believe
Believe in each other?s dreams
Jesus left along time ago
And said he would return
But he left us a book to believe in
And in it we've got a whole lot to learn
Yeah-yeah-whoa Holly Wholly
He can't talk out
Can't walk out now
Holly Holly Holly
We can rock this earth's foundation
Yes we can (glory)
Can't you see us (glory)
Brothers and sisters
Talkin' about love
(Love-love-love-love-love)
Love-love-love-love)
(Love-love-love-love-love)

Oooooohooo-hoooo
Holly Wholly
We can rock
We can rock this earth?s foundation
Uum hum (Holly Wholly)
Wholly Wholly (Wholly-Wholly)
Can't you see us (Wholly)
Comin' together
Talking 'bout love (Wholly)
Movin' and groovin' with a-love
Let it get men with a-love (Wholly Wholly)
Doin' and movin' it with love
Love-love-love-love-love
Whoa- Holly Wholly
He proclaimed love
He proclaimed love
About his salvation oh-yeah-yeah
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah (Wholly)
Whoa (Wholly) Wholly Wholly Wholl
Wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly
Wholly-wholly-wholly-wholly

Love right now- love brother
Love right now- love..
I have had my fun if I never get well no more
I have had my fun if I never get well no more
All of my health is failing;
Lord, I'm going down slow

I'm going down slow
Please write my father and tell her the shape I'm in
Please write my father and tell her the shape I'm in
Tell him to pray for me
Forgive me for my sin
For all of my sin

Early one morning, look for my clothes back home
Early one morning, look for my clothes back home
'Cause all of my health is failing;
Lord, I'm going down slow
All he can do is moan

All of my health is failing;
Lord, I'm going down slow
I'm going down slow
Early one morning, Im coming home and I believe that Im gonna make it there
Early one morning, Im coming home and I believe that Im gonna make it there
If he doesnt see my body
Lord, I'm going down slow
(yeah) weezy is so fly in any weather
Hold up (ah pu) there goes the feather
Y'all niggas ain't even shoulder level
And i ain't on hova level, im over level
Im watching t.v with Regina and Angela
Im on they brain like some mutha fuckin amplas (yeah)
Shake something like dancers
Question my swag and get a mutha ffckin answer

Yeah

Yeah

Umm, weezy a.k.a bring your girl to my tour bus
She ain't getting off unless she getting off unless she gettin off two of us dont give me that cup unless that f*ckin cup poured up
And when i say poured up
I mean with sorup
Young money baller
I deserve a tall bitch
If these walkies talk, they ain't talk bout yall shit (yeah)
Man i swear im so fly
I wake up in the sky
And wipe the cloud out my eye
(Love-love-love-love)

I?m in love.... yes I am
I?m in love.... yes I am um!
I?m in love
Hey baby-hey you know I am
In love
Uh-huh you know I am

Friends all wonder
What?s come over me
I?m as happy as any girl could be
(Love-love-love)
I?m in love
(Love-love-love)
Believe me I am
(Love-love-love)
I?m in love oh
(Love- love-love)

Yes-sir I am
Yes-sir I am
Yes I am
(Love-love-love)
Hoo-whoa-whoa-whoa
(Love-love-love)
I?m in love
And I?m so glad
That it?s me that you chose
I?m sproutin? and bloomin?
Like the last summer rose
I?m in love
(Love-love-love)
I?m in love - I?m in love
I?m in love - I?m in love
I?m in love
(Love-love-love)
I?m in ...
(Love-love-love)

(Instrumental)

I?M IN LOVE!
(Love-love-love)
In the mornin?
(In-love in-love in-love in-love)
I wake up smilin?
(Love-love-love)
I?M IN LOVE!
(Love-love-love)
Smilin? like nothin's wrong
I know where it?s at
(In-love in-love in-love in-love)
(Oh I?m in love)
I?m in love
(In-love in-love in-love)
I?m in love
(In-love in-love in-love in-love)
Yes I am!
FADES-
(Love-love-love)
I?m in love
(Intro: talking)

Jesus hears every prayer
He understands all about us
He watches over his children
He understands all about us
On the streets, in our homes
On the job
Ohhh
Oh Father (repeat)

See we don't have more than this evening
He watches over his children
Knew you'd be a vision in white
How'd you get your pants so tight?
Don't know what you're doin'
But you must be livin' right
Yeah!

Oh, we got some places to see
I brought all the maps with me
So jump in, it ain't no sin
Take a ride in my machine

City traffic's movin' way too slow
Drop the pedal and go...go...go!

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?
Never you mind the exit signs
We got lots of time
We can't quit 'til we get
To the other side
Ah-hah ah-hah

With the radio playin' our song
We keep rollin' along
Who knows how far a car can get
Before you think about your love slowin' down, yeah

City traffic's movin' way too slow

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?
Oh yeah!

Here we go (here we go, here we go, here we go)
One more time
With the wind and
Your fingers in my hair
Kinda think we're going for an extended
Throwdown...
So drop the top baby
And let's cruise on into
'It's better than ever Street'
City traffic's movin' way too slow

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?

What I want you to do baby (freeway of love)
Get over in the left lane
And let's march for peace, aw yeah (freeway of love)
Take the long exit...
And then again around town (freeway of love)
Go on over to Love and Satisfaction
And Joy y'all, well (freeway of love)
Oh...ain't we ridin' baby
Ain't we cruisin' down

(Free) Free (Free) Free (Free) Free (Free---way)
Go on out to
Oww... (Free)(Free)(Free) (Free---way)
"Let's be good to each other" Street'
Well (freeway of love)
See that little landmark over there?
A whole lotta kisses and sweet stuff (freeway of love)
We'll be just about...oh..oh...oh...it's Satisfaction Road, yeah
(Free)(Free)(Free) (Free---way)
Satisfaction, Yeah

[Verse 1]
Just let me love you tonight
Forget about tomorrow
My darling won't you hold me tight

[Chorus]
And never let
Never let me go

[Verse 2]
Dry your eyes
No tears, no sorrow
Cling to me with all your might

[Chorus]
And never let me go

[Bridge]
A million times or more
We said we'd never never never never part
Ah but lately
Lately I find
That you're a stranger
A stranger in my heart
Give me give me give me

[Verse 3]
Give me the night
In summer or in springtime
To tell the world
That you're every bit of mine

[Outro]
And you'll never
Oh, never let me go
No, you'll never let me go
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Girl, I got to go

[Yeah, yeah, yeah]
I got to go now, really
Yeah, I'm kinda in a hurry

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Uh-huh, here?s the reason why

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...hoo...ooh...hoo...shabba, dooda, la, dwee, da)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo)
(Dwee, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, dwee)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Jump, jump, jump to it (Hee...baby, baby)
My baby loves me
He told me that
And I never question
That point or fact

There is no fighting
Scandal or shame
Uh, he really moves me
Drives me insane

I can't talk to you now, girl, I got love to get
When my baby calls I got jump to it
I'm in a hurry, there's love to get
When my baby calls I jump, jump, jump to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...ooh...huh...huh...huh...)

I just can't wait till
Today at four
That?s when my sweet thing
Said he would call

Please don't keep me waitin'
It's 3:59
Ring-ding, hello, baby
Girl, I can't talk to you now, I got love to give
When my baby calls I got jump to it
I'm in a hurry, there's love to get
When my baby calls I jump, jump, jump, to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...yeah...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, now)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I got to zip and I jump, jump, jump to it, oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it, oh...ho...huh...)

Now Kelly 

[Jump to it]
You know when we talk we have a lot of fun, don't we, girl
Dishin' out the dirt on everybody
And givin' each other the 411 on who drop kicked who this week
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout

When my baby call, shout dee, dee, dee, dee 

[Jump to it]
Ooh...oh...ho...
When my baby calls, sha, wee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee
Dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, uh-huh

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Yeah yeah yeah]
Ooh...ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...hoo...uh...

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Oh...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Yeah, yeah, yeah]
Huh

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Hoo...hoo...boy, and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump to it (Oh...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really skip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh, boy)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ho...ho...and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh, when my baby calls)

Jump, jump, jump to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Uh-huh, yeah, and I jump and I jump and I jump)
(Jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump to it)
(Ooh...yeah...) Jump, jump, jump to it (Hey...)

Jump, jump, jump to it

[Verse 1]
You say you love me, and you wanna come back home
That you’re so sorry for doing me wrong
Well, being sorry, baby, cannot change the way I feel
'Cause when I think about forgiving you, I'm reminded in my own tears

[Chorus]
No, I’m not strong enough, uh-uh, to love you again, no, no
I ain’t strong enough, uh-uh, baby, to love you again, no, I ain’t

[Verse 2]
The day you left me I asked myself why
And you don’t know, you don’t know how much I cried
And now you wanna come back, knowing I still weep for you
Well, if you've got any kind of heart
Please, please, don’t ask me some, dear, oh

[Chorus]
No, I’m not strong enough, no, baby, to love you again, no, no, I ain’t
I ain’t gonna let myself
I just ain’t gonna do it, love you one more time, no, no
I ain’t strong enough (Strong enough)
I cannot do it, baby, love you again, no, no, ohohohoho
I’m not strong enough (Strong enough) to love you
To love you again, no, I ain’t, no, I ain’t

[Outro]
Later for you, baby, much, much later for you, baby
I ain’t gonna do it no more, no, I ain’t, hey hey hey hey hey hey
I’m not strong enough (Strong enough) to love you
To love you one more time, no, no, ohohohohohoho
I’m not strong enough (Strong enough)
I ain’t gonna do it, baby, I ain’t gonna love you no more
No, I ain’t
Oh, yeah, I ain’t strong enough (Strong enough)
I ain’t gonna do it, I ain’t gonna do it
I ain’t gonna do it, I, I, I, I
I ain’t strong enough (Strong enough), to love you one more time
No, I ain’t, no, I ain’t, baby
Oh, not strong enough (Strong enough), to love you
To love you one more time, I ain’t gonna do it
Oh, oh, oh, Lord, I ain’t gonna do it, baby
I ain’t gonna love you one more 'gain
Get the message, hey hey hey hey
Not strong enough

[Verse 1]
Everybody wants to know, they ask me why I sing the blues
Everybody wants to know now, why I keep crying the blues
Well, I’ve been around little while
And I’ve paid some dues, yes, I have
People laying in ghetto flats, cold and numb
Looking at roaches, telling bedbugs to move over and give ‘em some
Oh, it’s hot in here, that’s one reason I’m singing the blues, yeah
Been around a long time
God knows I’ve paid a few dues, yes, I have

[Bridge]
Stood in line at the County Hall
Heard a man say: “We’re gonna build some high rises for y’all
Up in renewal, work on a removal, talk to me, yeah”
Don’t feel bad about it, just trying to be free

[Verse 2]
I don’t want my kids growing up to be no fools
You keep rapping to me y’all ain’t got no room in school, yeah
And you want to know why I’m singing the blues, yeah
Been around a little while
And I’ve seen some people paying dues, yes, I have

[Verse 3]
Some of my friends told me I was born to lose
But when I looked around they were singing the same old kind of blues, now
And you want to know why I’m singing ‘em this evening, yeah
Don’t be saying those, everybody pays some dues sometimes
Yeah, sing the blues now
Prove it, Prove it, Prove it, Prove it to me

Prove
That it won't bother me
To become your used to be
Prove
That I can just Ignore
All the love we shared before

Prove it to my starving Heart!
Prove it to my starving Heart
Prove it now before we part!
Prove it now before we part

Prove it, Baby
Proove it, Baby!

Prove
The loneliness I'll find
Will be only in my mind
Prove
That all these tears that fall
Aren't really tears at all
Prove that I don't want to die!
Prove that I don't want to die
Now that you say, "It's goodbye"!
Now that you say, "It's goodbye"

Prove it, Baby
Proove it, Baby!

Before you walk out that door
Prove, I won't love you no more
Prove that i'll forget your kiss
In your arms, I'll never miss
Never Miss
Now let me see you
Prove it
Just let me see you
Prove it

Prove,that I don't want to die
Now, That you say, "It's Goodbyye"

Prove it, Baby
Proove it, Baby!

Let me see you
Prove it
Just let me see you
Prove it
Prove, that I don't want to die
Now, That you say, "It's Goodbyye", Baby!

Prove it
Baby!
Let me see you
Proove it

Prove it, Prove it, Prove it, Prove it to me

[Skit]
You have now reached the end of side A. It's time to turn over, wait turn over? Get a fuckin' CD, asshole. So bring your ass down to fuckin' Sound Advice, pick up a fuckin' CD player, and go to fuckin' Sam Goody, buy the fuckin' CD. Stop copying shit on cassettes, you fuckin' loser and play this shit right. And if you ain't feelin' it, then you're fucked up, you're deaf. So that shit better rattle your fuckin' trunk, better make your fuckin' eardrums bleed. Better make the neighbors go, "What the fuck is? What's so loud? Is there a party at the house?" No, it's fuckin' Lil Wayne's album rockin' this shit, motherfucker
Rock steady, baby - That's what I feel now;
Let's call this song exactly what it is...

Step n' move your hips with a feelin' from side to side;
Sit yourself down in your car and take a ride...
And while you're movin', rock steady, rock steady, baby;
Let's call this song exactly what it is...
(What it is, what it is, what it is...)
It's a funky and low down feelin'
(What it is...) In my hips from left to right;
(What it is...) What it is is I might be doin'
(What it is...) This funky dance all night....
Oh, oh! (Clap your hands in the air! Got a feelin', ain't got a care!)
Oh-ah! (What fun to take this ride! Rock steady will only slide!)

Rock steady! Rock steady, baby
Rock steady! Rock steady, baby

Step n' move your hips with a feelin' from side to side;
Sit yourself down in your car and take a ride...
And while you're movin', rock steady, rock steady;
Let's call this song exactly what it is...
(What it is, what it is, what it is...)
It's a funky and low down feelin'
(What it is...) In my hips from left to right;
(What it is...) What it is is I might be doin'
(What it is...) This funky dance all night....
Oh-ah! (Clap your hands in the air! Got a feelin', ain't got a care!)
Oh-ah! (What fun to take this ride! Rock steady will only slide!)
Rock steady, baby!
Rock steady... whoo! Rock steady...

Rock! Steady!
Rock! Steady!

(What it is...) It's a funky and low down feelin'
(What it is...) In my hips from left to right;
(What it is...) What it is is I might be doin'
(What it is...) This funky dance all night....
Oh, ah! (Clap your hands in the air! Got a feelin', ain't got a care!)
Oh-ah! (What fun to take this ride! Rock steady will only slide!)

Rock steady! Steady it, baby!
Rock... rock steady, baby...
Baby... (What it is...)
Baby, baby... (What it is...)
Baby... (What it is...)
Baby...

[Verse 1]
People, people who need people
Are the luckiest people in the world
We're children, needing other children
And yet letting our grown-up pride
Hide all the need inside
Acting more like children than children

[Verse 2]
Lovers are very special, special people
'Cause they're the luckiest people in the world
One person, just one very special person
A feeling so deep in your soul
Says you were half now you're whole
No more hunger and thirst
But first, be a person who needs people

[Outro]
People, people who need people
Are the luckiest people in the world
You better think (think)
Think about what you're tryin' to do to me
Think (think-think) let your mind go
Let yourself be free

Let's go back - let's go back
A let's go way on to way back when
I didn't even know you
You couldn't a been too much more than ten (just a child)

I ain't no psychiatrist
I ain't no doctor with degrees
But it don't take too much I.Q
To see what you're doing to me

You better think (think)
Think about what you're tryin' to do to me
Yeah, think (think-think)
Let your mind go, let yourself be free

Oh freedom (freedom)
Oh freedom
Oh,freedom (yeah)
Oh freedom
Oh freedom (freedom)
Oh freedom
Oh freedom

Oh ya got to have
Hey! think about it
You! think about it

There ain't nothin' you could ask
I could answer you with "I won't" (I won't)
But I was gonna change my mind
If you keep doin' things I don't (don't)

You better think (think)
Think about what you're tryin' ta do to me
(What you're tryin' to do to me)
Oh-oh-oh think (think)
Let your mind go, let yourself be free

People walk around everyday
Playin' games and takin' scores
Tryin' to make other people lose their mind
Well, be careful you don't lose yours

Ooh think (think)
Think about what you're tryin' to do to me
Woo-hoo, think (think)
Let your mind go, let yourself be free
You need me (need me)
And I need you (don't cha' know)
Without each other
There ain't nothin' either can do

Oooh yeah, think about it, baby
(What 'cha tryin' to do to me, think)
Better go baby, think about it right now

Yeah, right now (tell about - forgiveness)
Woo, right now (tell about - forgiveness)
Hey, right now (tell about - forgiveness)
I need to change your mind (think about it)
Baby, baby, baby
(Tell about it - forgiveness)
Woo, tell about it baby (tell about - forgiveness)
FADES-
Yeah, woo-hoo (tell about - forgiveness)
Tell about it baby, you think about it right now
Set me free why don't cha babe (why don't you baby)
Get out of my life why don't cha babe
'cause you don't really love me
You just keep me hanging on

Set me free why don't cha babe
Get out of my life why don't cha babe
You don't really need me
But you keep me hanging on

Why do you keep a coming around
Playing with my heart
Why don't cha get out of my life
And let me make a brand new start
Let me get over you
The way you've gotten over me yeah

You say although we broke up
You still just want to be friends
But how can we still be friends
When seeing you only breaks my heart again
Get out, get out of my life
And let me sleep at night
Because you don't really love me
You just keep me hanging on

You say you still care for me
But your heart and soul needs to be free
And now that you've got your freedom
You still wanna hold on to me
You don't want me for yourself
So let me find somebody else

Why don't cha be a man about it and set me free
Now you don't care a thing about me
You're just using me - Hey, abusing me
Get out, get out of my life
And let me sleep at night
Because you don't really love me
You just keep me hanging on
You don't really need me
You just keep me - hanging on

I wanna sleep that night
Go away !
Now, listen here, girls
I’m gonna tell you what I want right now

I want a rough lover
I want a man
I want a rough, tough lover
And I’ll find him if I can

He’s got to bite nails, fight bears
And if I get sassy be a man who dares
To shut me up and kiss me so I know he cares
I want a man

Don’t want a mean daddy
I want a boss
I want a mean, sweet daddy
Who the devil wouldn’t cross

He’s got to spit fire, chew iron
Get mad and start roaring like a mountain lion
Then whisper that he loves me so I know he’s mine
I want a man
I’m looking for a guy who’s big and strong
But weak for me
I’m looking for a guy who’ll ride around
But never, never set me free

I want a rough lover
I want a man
I want a rough, tough lover
With a sentimental plan

So he can kiss nice, hug tight
He’s gotta be sweet and gentle day and night
But mean enough to make me want to treat him right
I want a man, oh, yeah!

I’m looking for a guy who’s raving strong
But weak for me
I’m looking for a guy who’ll ride around
But never, never set me free

I want a rough lover
I want a man
I want a rough, tough lover
With a sentimental plan

So he can kiss nice, hug tight
He’s gotta be sweet and gentle day and night
But mean enough to make me want to treat him right
I want a man
I want a man
I don’t want no creampuff, baby
Don’t want no butterfly
I want a man

Oh, yes, I do
Oh, yes, I do
Lil Wayne:
Um why your boyfriend acting like Secret Service?
Cause I'ma get you by yourself and get that super service
You know I balls out, purchase without a purpose, I do you good then I'm Audi like four circles
Now she should change her name to Mrs. Wayne
Cause she say every time I'm gone she miss Wayne
But she has a better man at home, but she say I'm better than her man at home
I understand, and I like the way you look when you walk

Cause you switch like the sand and the hook and hope you mean err thing you saying in the hook
Cause I'll steal your heart and show your man what I took
Cassie:
Switch it up like a old 64 when it sit real high and when it get down low
Wanna switch it up like a model on a runway, bout to make a good change 2x
I have heard of a land on the far away strand
'Tis a beautiful home of the soul
Built by Jesus on high, where we never shall die
'Tis a land where we never grow old

Never grow old, never grow old
In a land where well never grow old
Never grow old, never grow old
In a land where well never grow old

In that beautiful home where well never more roam
We shall be in the sweet by and by
Happy praise to the King through eternity sing
'Tis a land where we never shall die

Never grow old, never grow old
In a land where well never grow old
Never grow old, never grow old
In a land where well never grow old

When our work here is done and the life crown is won
And our troubles and trials are o'er
All our sorrow will end, and our voices will blend
With the loved ones who've gone on before
I-I'm gettin' the spirit in the dark
(um-hum-hum)
I'm gettin' the spirit in the dark
(Um-hum-hum)
People movin' oh and they groovin'
Just gettin' the spirit
(Um-hum-hum) in the dark

Tell me sister how do ya feel?
Tell me my brother-brother-brother
How do you feel?
A do you feel like dancin?
Get up and let's start dancin'
Start gettin' the spirit
(Start gettin' in the spirit)
Spirit in the dark
(In the dark)

(Doot-doot)
It's like Sally Walker
(Do-do-doot-doot)
Sittin' in a saucer
(Do-do-do-do-do-do)
That's how ya (doot) do it
(Do-do-doot-doot)
It ain't nothin'
(Do-ooo-do-ooo-doot-doot) to it
Riiiiide Sally ride
(Do-ooo-do-do-do)
Put your hand on your hips
Cover your eyes
And move
(Move)

With the spirit
(With the spirit)
Go on an move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Oh move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
Now-now-now
(With the spirit)
Move with the spirit

Are you gettin the spirit?
(Yeah)
Are you gettin' it in the dark?
(Yeah)
I wonder how you're gettin' the spirit?
(Yeah)
Gettin' the spirit in the dark
(Yeah)
People movin' yeah-yeah-yeah
Everybodys groovin'
Just gettin' the spirit
(Start gettin' in the spirit)
Are you gettin' it?
Are you gettin' it in the dark?
(In the dark)

(Doot-doot)
It's like Sally Walker
(Doo-do-do-do)
Sittin' in her saucer
(Doo-do-do-do-do)
That's how ya do it
(Doo-do-do-do-do)

Now get on up to it
(Doo-do-do-do-do)
Ride Sally ride
(Doo-do-do-do-do)
Put your hands on your hips
Cover your eyes

And move on up with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Go on and move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Move with the spirit
(With the spirit)
Hey now move
(Move)
Move with the spirit
Piano
(I THINK I'VE GOT IT!

All of my brothers
(Move with the spirit)
All of my sisters
(Move with the spirit)
Move
(Move with the spirit)
With the spirit
(Move with the spirit)
Keep on movin'
(Move with the spirit)
We all groove
(Groove with the spirit now)
Now move
(Move with the spirit)
Keep on groove!
(Groove with the spirit)
You gotta move your hands
(Move)
Put em together
And groove your hands
Gotta move your feet
(Groove!)
The spirit on the beat
(Move)
Oh move
(Move with the spirit)
Move!
(Move with the spirit)
Oh move
(Move with the spirit)
Move
(Move with the spirit)
Move with the spirit
(Move with the spirit)
Ooo yeah move on
(Move with the spirit)
Oh right on!
(The spirit)
Come on!
(The spirit)
Right on
(The spirit)
(Move on)
(The spirit)
Feel it
(The spirit)
Feel it
(Oh that spirit)
Feel
(Oh that spirit)
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
(Move with the spirit)
Yeah move on
(Move with the spirit)
Yeah
(Move with the spirit)
Yeah
(Move with the spirit)
Move on
(Move with the spirit)
Oh Good God A-Mighty!
(Move with... the spirit)
Yeah Good God A-Mighty)
One big room full of bad bitches x8

Fu got the weed, Marl got the gun
They say numbers don't lie
Bitch, I'm not the one
Hammers in ya face, this is not a dream
And you get in every page in this magazine
Bumping UGK, talking about a murder
We roll a Dr. Jay and then we light that Julius Erving
I got pussy on the way and pussy on the way out
Life is a beach and these hoes trying to lay out
Tunechi, Tunechi, tote the tooly
Fuck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl
Call it Lady Gaga
Glock for Tini, nina colada
Suck, swallow, semen, saliva
I'm going at your collar
Fuck you hoe niggas!
Weezy go hard, you bitches go figure
Diamonds in my teeth like I'm a fucking dope dealer
You're a dead man walking: Michael Jackson Thriller
I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches..
(I'm in one big room, full of bad bitches)

It goes: Tunechi, Tunechi
Tote the tooly, fuck around and pop ya
My homies got that white girl
Call it Lady Gaga
It goes: Tunechi, Tunechi
Tote the tooly,to fuck around and pop ya

Back where I started on my set, in black
All chrome Glock looking like a platinum plaque
We don't pack extra clips, we pack extra Gats
And all my hoes dirty like welcome mats
Til the wheels fall off: I can fix a flat
If you're scared go to church and get a scripture tat
Guns the size of children, now don't be childish
Be with wild-ass niggas and I am the wildest
I'm a motherf-cker, call me Weezy baby
And on the end of the barrel I got a sweet potato
My life is a movie, I got a leading lady
My rooftop drop back like Tom Brady
I got the world in my hands, skateboard n' my vans
And all my boys stay strapped like we live in Iran
I know what I can do, so bitch I do what I can
Drop that Sorry 4 the Wait, man
I'm just saying
I’ve been treated good, oh, and I’ve been treated bad
I’ve had better loving that anybody’s ever had
But I’ve never been moved the way that you move me, baby
Oh, you move me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Happiness has found me now (Happiness)
Ooh, and I’ve found myself in you, you give me more each day
There ain’t nothing that I’d rather do than be moved by you, baby
The way that you move me, oh, you move me

Ain’t not enough tears to cry (Tears)
I will cry, ooh, baby I love you
There ain’t not enough kisses to kiss you the way that I would kiss you
There’s just not enough pride (Pride) inside of me, baby
Oh, I want to make you see that if there is no use

Surely (Surely)
Surely, baby (Surely, baby)
Surely (Surely)
There just ain’t no need
Had my shell of loneliness
Well, and I’ve had my time to cry (Yes, you had)
You’ll feel this live in my next live too, boy
You are my one and only desire
But I ain’t never been moved, baby, the way that you move me

There’s not enough time (Time) on the world (World)
To say, to say the way I love you ain’t not enough joy (Joy)
In this whole wide world to express myself if you will stay
Would you stay, baby, if you stay

Stay, baby, baby, baby, baby, would you stay?
Would you stay, aha, hey, baby
Stay with me, stay, stay with me, baby

I wonder would you stay now?
Would you stay, would you stay, yeah (Stay with me baby, stay with me baby, you move me)
Now, I had a licky funky now, yeah (Stay with me baby, stay with me baby, you move me)
This funky is funky now, this evenness meets this evenness

Said it’s funky now, funky now, yeah, ah
This funky is funky now, this evenness meets this evenness
Said it’s funky now, ooh ooh, ooh, yeah
Stay, baby, every baby

Stay baby, stay baby, stay baby, stay, yeah
Don't play that song for me
'Cause it brings back memories
Of days that I once knew;
The days that I spent with you...

Oh no! Don't let him play it! (Oh no!)
It fills my heart with pain... (It hurts!)
Please stop it right away
Cause I remember just-a what he said...

He said, "Darlin'..." ("Darling, I... I love you...")
And I know that he lied... ("Darling, I... I love you...")
You know that you lied! ("Darling, I... I love you...")
You know that you lied! You lied! You lied! (To me!)

Hey Mister! Don't play it no more;
Don't play it no more...
I can't stand it! Don't play it no more, no more, no more... (Can't stand it!)

I remember on our first date
(Ooh...) He kissed me and he walked away...
(Ooh...) I was only seventeen;
(Ooh...) I never dreamed he'd be so mean...
He told me, "Darlin'..." ("Darling, I... I love you...")
Baby, baby, you lied! ("Darling, I need you...")
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, you lied... ("Darling, I love you...")
You know that you lied! Lied! Lied! (To me!)

Oh, darlin'... ("Darling, I love you...")
You know that you lied! ("Darling, I need you...")
You know, I know, you lied! ("Darling, I love you...")
Darlin', you lied! You lied! You lied, oh, oh, and hurt me! You lied! (To me!)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, you lied! (Don't play it no more!)
Yeah, baby, don't play it no more! (Don't play it no more!)
Don't do it! Don't play it no more! No more! I can't stand it no more! (Don't play it no more!)
Ooh, hey, don't play it no more! (Don't play it no more!)
Hey have you ever tried
Really reaching out for the other side?
I may be climbing on rainbows
But, baby here goes

Dreams they're for those who sleep
Life is for us to keep
And if you're wond'ring
What this song is leading to

I want to make it with you
I really think that we can make it boy

No, you don't know me well
In ev'ry little thing only time will tell
If you believe the things that I do
And we'll see it through

Life can be short or long
Love can be right or wrong
And if I choose the one
I'd like to help me through
I'd like to make it with you
I really think that we can make it boy

Baby you know that
Dreams they're for those who sleep
Life is for us to keep
And if I choose the one
I'd like to help me through

I'd like to make it with you
I really think that we can make it boy
G5 sitting on the runway
Big ass chopper: call that bitch Beyonce
This for my dawgs locked down all day
Money, power, respect: 3 the hard way
I put some real niggas on their feet, boy
So they'll kill anyone for me, boy
Yeah, YMCMB boy
Young Tunechi fresh to death
Rest in peace, boy
My Gat bang your hat hang
I ride off with Mack Maine
I drink Patron straight
You niggas keep that champagne
My pa is the Birdman
I'm rich as a white man
I come to your show and kill you
And your hypeman
We roll in, let's roll out
My bitches don't hold out
They got Marley G
I gotta bond my lil bro out
Let my dreads grow out
My bitch got a blow out
Mi casa, su casa
My house is, a ho house
Only fuck with, real niggas
Polo, fuck that Hilfiger
Yeah I'm on a pill nigga
Feed you to my little niggas
Shout out to my big homies
Fifi and T-Streets
Scope on that AK make me take a sneak peek
T, roll another one
Razor blade on the tongue
You ain't never seen this watch
Nigga, this a one of one
You niggas is honey-bun
Your girlfriend a ton of fun
Chopper with a drum, muthafucker
Give a drummer some
Cut that like my blunt is done
Suck a nigga's dick or something
Put that pussy for me then wile out
And then give my nigga's some
I'mma do my thing
I put that on Nicki Minaj, I need a bad redbone
To come give my dick a massage
I'm talking big money
I'm talking heavyweight
I cut down on the syrup
Now I'm in better shape
I'm from New Orleans nigga
Where you ain't never safe
Who fuck with me, I drop you off
In front of Heaven gates
OK, jump off a building
Jump out a window
Smoke like a junkie
And fuck like a nympho
Drink like a goldfish
That's right, you know this
Hold up: click-clack
OK, I'm reloaded
Fuck with Lil Tunechi
I'm good I'm Gucci
Wild as Ryu
I hit you with that Hadouken
My money too long, nigga
My weed too strong, nigga
Fuck everybody
I'm in my own zone nigga
And every time you see me I'm wet and I'm rolling
Tunechi rest in peace, fresh to death
And I'm rolling
About to fuck a bitch
I just met cause she rolling
Nigga we rolling, nigga I'm rolling
Gotta keep a towel
I'mma sweat cause I'm rolling
Pouring at a bitch nigga's neck, cause I'm rolling
Damn ma! I ain't come yet!
'Cause I'm rolling. Bitch, I'm rolling
Young Mula, baby. Sorry for the wait

[Verse 1]
My Lord, I have read this book so many times
But nowhere can there I find the page
That says what I experienced today has any grace
Now I know that life was meant to be hard
And that's how I learned to appreciate my God
Though my courage may be tried
I can tell you I won't hide
Because the footprints show you were by my side

[Chorus]
You can lie to a child with a smiling face
Tell me that color ain't about a race
You can cast the first stone
You can break my bones
But you never gonna break
You're never gonna break my faith
And hope ain't yours to give
Truth and liberty are mine to live
Steal a crown from a king, break an angel's wings
But you never gonna break
Never gonna break my faith

[Verse 2]
My Lord, won't you help them?
Help them, help them to understand
That when someone takes the life of an innocent man, woo
Well, they never really won
And all they really done is set the soul free
Where it's supposed to be

[Chorus]
You can lie to a child with a smiling face
Tell me color ain't about a race
You can cast the first stone, you can break my bones
But you're never, ever, ever
You're never gonna break my faith
And hope ain't yours to give
Truth and liberty are mine to live
Steal a crown from a king, break an angel's wings
But you're never, ever, ever
You're never gonna break my faith

[Outro]
For those we lose before their time
I pray that their souls will find a light
And I know that the day will surely come
Oh, when it will, it will
Will be done, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah
Never, yeah
Oh, yeah, it will, will be
It will be done
Oh, yeah, it will be, yeah
It, yeah
Oh, yeah, yeah
You're never gonna break my faith
Oh, no, you won't, you won't
You're never, never, never
You'll never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never
Never, never, never, never, never, never, never gonna break my faith
No, you ain't gonna break my faith
(Ooh) What you want
(Ooh) Baby, I got it
(Ooh) What you need
(Ooh) Do you know I got it?
(Ooh) All I'm askin'
(Ooh) Is for a little respect when you get home
(Just a little bit) Hey, baby
(Just a little bit) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Mister
(Just a little bit)

I ain't gonna do you wrong
While you're gone
Ain't gonna do you wrong
(Ooh) 'Cause I don't wanna
(Ooh) All I'm askin'
(Ooh) Is for a little respect when you come home
(Just a little bit) Baby
(Just a little bit) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Yeah
(Just a little bit)
I'm about to give you
All of my money
And all I'm askin'
In return, honey
Is to give me my propers
When you get home
(Just a, just a, just a, just a) Yeah, baby
(Just a, just a, just a, just a) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Yeah
(Just a little bit)

Ooh, your kisses
(Ooh) Sweeter than honey
(Ooh) And guess what?
(Ooh) So is my money
(Ooh) All I want you to do for me
(Ooh) Is give it to me when you get home
(Re, re, re, re) Yeah, baby
(Re, re, re, re) Whip it to me
(Respect, just a little bit) When you get home, now
(Just a little bit)

R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Find out what it means to me
R-E-S-P-E-C-T
Take care, T-C-B
Oh
(Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me)
A little respect
(Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me)
Whoa, yeah
(Just a little bit) A little respect
(Just a little bit) I get tired
(Just a little bit) I keep on tryin'
(Just a little bit) You're runnin' out of fools
(Just a little bit) And I ain't lyin'
(Just a little bit)

(Re, re, re, re)
Respect when you come home
(Re, re, re, re)
Or you just might walk in
(Respect, just a little bit)
And find out I'm gone
(Just a little bit)

[Verse 1]
Unforgettable, that's just what you are
You're unforgettable, near to me or far
Like a song of love that clings to me
How the thought of you does silly little things to me
Never before has someone in my life meant more

[Verse 2]
You're unforgettable in every way
And forever more, that's just how you'll stay
That's why, darling, it's so incredible
That someone so unforgettable
Thinks that I'm unforgettable, too

[Outro]
That's why, that's why, that's why, that's why
Darling, it's so incredible
That someone like you, so unforgettable
You think that I'm unforgettable, too
When you get right down to with it
Isn’t this moment what it’s all about, boy?
Oh, when you get right down to with it
Don’t you just feel this moment says everything?

Holding you, touching you
And I need a whole life time to do everything
That I wanna do for you, to you, what I want to with you, oho

When you get right down to with it
Doesn’t this moment wash away all bad times?
When you get right down with it
Doesn’t all the hurt you ever felt disappear?

Holding you, touching you
And I know that this magic just can’t last forever

When you get right down to with
Don’t you wanna relive this moment
Again and again and again and again and again and again
And again and again and again and again and again and again?
Oh, holding you, touching you
And I know that the magic just can’t last forever

When you get right down with
Don’t you wanna relive this moment
Again and again and again and again and again and again
And again and again and again and again and again and again?

Over and over, over and over, over and over, over and over
Again, babe, and again
Come on, come on, get down with me, baby
Get down with me, baby

I wonder if you’ll get down with me, baby
Get down with me, baby
Get down with me, baby
Come on, get down with me, baby

Something to me one more time, get down with me, baby
Oh, get down with me, baby
Oh, get down with me, baby
Oh, get down with me, baby

Come on, get down with me, baby
Down with me baby, suck it to me
Get down with me baby, hey
Get down with me baby, turn me on, down with me baby, oh
Suck it to me, baby
I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it
I love it, I love it, I love it, I love it
Suck it to me, baby, oh

Suck it to me, baby, hey
Suck it to me, baby, yeah
Suck it to me, baby

[Verse 1]
What you want, baby, I got it
What you need, do you know I got it?

[Chorus]
All I'm askin' is for a little respect when you come home
(Just a little bit) Hey baby
(Just a little bit) when you get home
(Just a little bit) mister
(Just a little bit)

[Verse 2]
I ain't gonna do you wrong while you're gone
Ain't gon' do you wrong 'cause I don't wanna

[Chorus]
All I'm askin' is for a little respect when you come home
(Just a little bit) Baby
(Just a little bit) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Yeah
(Just a little bit)

[Verse 3]
I'm about to give you all of my money
And all I'm askin' in return, honey
Is to give me my propers when you get home

[Refrain]
(Just a, just a, just a, just a) Yeah, baby
(Just a, just a, just a, just a) When you get home
(Just a little bit) Yeah
(Just a little bit)

[Verse 4]
Ooh, your kisses, sweeter than honey
And guess what? So is my money

[Chorus 2]
All I want you to do for me, is give it to me when you get home
(Re, re, re ,re) Yeah baby
(Re, re, re ,re) Whip it to me
(Respect, just a little bit) When you get home, now
(Just a little bit)

[Verse 5]
R-E-S-P-E-C-T, find out what it means to me
R-E-S-P-E-C-T, take care, TCB, oh

[Outro]
(Sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me)
A little respect
(sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me, sock it to me)
Whoa, babe
(Just a little bit) A little respect
(Just a little bit) I get tired
(Just a little bit) Keep on tryin'
(Just a little bit) You're runnin' out of fools
(Just a little bit) And I ain't lyin'
(Just a little bit)
(Re, re, re, re) Start when you come home
(Re, re, re, respect) Or you might walk in
(Just a little bit) And find out I'm gone
(Just a little bit) I gotta have
(Just a little bit) A little respect
(Just a little bit)
Save me, somebody save me...
Save me, somebody save me... yeah...

Promised myself after the first romance
I wouldn't give ya a second chance...
They say if you seek, you're sure to find
But the closer I get to you, baby, you drive me stone outta my mind...

Save me! Oh, yeah...
Save me! Yeah, yeah...

Those who love always give the most;
We're cryin' together from coast to coast...
Love leaves us cold and hurt inside
These tears of ours, unjustified...

Beggin' you to save me! Yeah, need somebody to
Save me! Yeah... hey, hey, hey...

Yeah... Mm-hmm...
Yeah... Mm-hmm...
You lied and said you needed me!
You abused my love, set me free...
You didn't need, you didn't want me;
Somebody help me, this man wants to taunt me!

I'm beggin' you to, oh, save me... hey...
Please, save me...

Callin' the Cape Crusader, Green Hornet, Kado too;
I'm in so much trouble, I don't know what to do...
If you think anything about me, save me!
Oh yeah, yeah, c'mon...
Understand! Save me!
Anybody! Save me!
Whoo! Oh, oh, oh, save me!
Whoo! Oh, oh, oh, save me!
I talked to you today, we've loved each other
For so long in that special way
And if circumstances should keep us apart
I just want you to know
That you will remain forever here in my heart

Sweet, sweet bitter love
The taste still lingers, going through my helpless fingers
You slipped away, ooh, yes you did

Sweet, sweet bitter love, what joy you told me
What pain you didn't mean to but you brought me
And so sure, baby and so sure to stay

Our magic dreams have lost their spells
And where there, where there was hope
Oh, there's an, an empty shell

Oh, sweet, na na na, na na na, na na, bitter love
Why have you awaken and then forsaken
A trusting heart like mine
My magic, my magic dreams
They've all, they've all, all lost their spells
And where there, where I had a little bit of hope
Yes sir, there is, oh look at me now, there is an empty shell

Oh, sweet, na na na, na na na, na na, bitter love
Why have you awakened and then
And then and then and then and then you know, you have forsaken
A trusting heart, yeah like mine, a trusting heart like mine
I love you boy, yes I do, like mine
You might wake up some mornin'
To the sound of something moving past your window in the wind
And if you're quick enough to rise
You'll catch a fleeting glimpse of someone's fading shadow
Out on the new horizon
You may see the floating motion of a distant pair of wings
And if the sleep has left your ears
You might hear footsteps running through an open meadow

Don't be concerned, it will not harm you
It's only me pursuing somethin' I'm not sure of
Across my dreams with nets of wonder
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love

You might have heard my footsteps
Echo softly in the distance through the canyons of your mind
I might have even called your name
As I ran searching after something to believe in
You might have seen me runnin'
Through the long-abandoned ruins of the dreams you left behind
If you remember something there
That glided past you followed close by heavy breathin'
Don't be concerned, it will not harm you
It's only me pursuing somethin' I'm not sure of
Across my dreams with nets of wonder
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love

Across my dreams with nets of wonder
I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love
What a diff'rence a day makes
Twenty-four little hours
Brought the sun and the flowers
Where there used to be rain

My yesterday was blue, dear
Today I'm part of you, dear
My lonely nights are through, dear
Since you said you were mine

What a diff'rence a day makes
There's a rainbow before me
Skies above can't be stormy
Since that moment of bliss, that thrilling kiss

It's heaven when you
Find romance on your menu
What a diff'rence a day makes
And the difference is you

What a diff'rence a day makes
There's a rainbow before me
Skies above can't be stormy
Since that moment of bliss, that thrilling kiss
It's heaven when you
Find romance on your menu
What a diff'rence a day makes
And the difference is you
Sleepin' at the top, nightmares of the bottom
Everybody wanna be fly til you swat 'em
But who am I to talk? I ain't shittin' roses
We in in the same picture but we all got different poses

I'm looking in my rear view, I see the world in it
I try to slow down, and I get rear ended
Pause! Like a red light, I'm dead right!
Highway to Heaven, God do you see my headlights?

They say "you don't know what you're doing till you stop doing it"
Well call me clueless cause I do this
Attention all shooters, I'm a shooting star
Life is a course and imma shoot for par

I'm searching for today instead I found tomorrow
And I put that shit right back like I'll see what I find tomorrow
Young Money CMR, I'm blood like a scar
I'm Weezy F baby and the F ain't for "Flaw"

It's like I have it all
But I don't have to worry
Married to the money, a true love story
Only God can judge me, I don't need a jury
Nothing standing in my way, like nothings my security
Back to my journey, that bullshit don't concern me
I knew I was going to jail I would have fucked my attorney
If you sleeping on me, than I hope you toss and turning
I'm so cold I'm hypothermic, ask yo girl she will confirm it
Yeah
Now what we doing with it
You keep opening ya grill, I'm barbecuing with it
I know my shit already tight so I ain't screwing with it
Some say this shit is a joke well I hope they get it
Ok, I'm walking on needles, sticking to the point
Yeah the streets is talking, I'm familiar with the voice
I'm a gangsta by choice I hope my son's choose wiser
And don't call me sir, call me survivor
Yeah

And I ain't doing nothin' but getting my share
Breathin' this air
If Miss Rochelle told me she gon keep me in her prayers
So I'm feeling alright I'm tryna stay aware
And if you wanna trip than imma meet ya there
To my niggas in the game, keep the game fair
Players play, coaches coach and cheerleaders cheer
I'm tryna keep spirit when the ghost disappear
Weezy F baby and the F ain't for "Fear"
Uhhh
Suzanne takes you down
To her place by the river
You can hear the boats go by
You can spend the night
There forever
And you know that she's half crazy
And that's why you want to be there
She feeds you tea and oranges
That come all the way from China
And when you wanna tell her
That you have no love to give her
She gets you on her wavelength
And she lets the river answer
You've always been her lover

And you wanna travel with her
Ah, but you wanna travel blind
And you think maybe you trust her
For you've touched
Your perfect body with her mind
Jesus was a sailor
When he walked upon the water
He spent a long time watching
From a lonely wooden tower
And when he knew for certain
That only drowning men could see him
He said "All men shall be brothers
Then, until the sea shall free them"
But he himself was broken
Long before the sky would open
Forsaken and almost human
He sank beneath your wisdom like a stone

But you wanna travel with him
But you wanna travel blind
And you think maybe you trust him
For he's touched
Your perfect body with his mind
With his mind
With his mind
With his mind
Yes, he did
With his mind
Ooh, ooh
With his mind
Yeah, yeah, with
With his mind
Why was I born, why am I livin'?
What do I get, what am I givin'?
Why do I want a thing I daren't hope for?
What can I hope for? I wish I knew

Why do I try to draw you near me?
Why do I do I cry? You never hear me
I'm a poor fool, but what can I do?
Why was I born to love you?

Why do I try to draw you near me?
Why do I do I cry? You never hear me

I'm a poor fool, but what can I do?
Why was I born to love you?

Some other versions may include an intro:
Spending these lonesome evenings with nothing to do
But to live in dreams that I make up all by myself
Dreaming that you're beside me, I picture the prettiest stories
Only to wake up all by myself What is the good of me by myself?
Uh, Camel shorts and bubble Kush
We can talk she'd rather fuss
This and that bout such and such
Damn where is the fucking trust
I'm tired of the hoop and holler'n
I'm bout to take the coupe to collins
Uh, then take a female to the Island
Uh then take her clothes off and do the honors
Yeah now she hearing with them other bitches
Yeah, I told her mind her fucking business
Shit she prolly out chea fucking niggas
I'm fucking her friends now her friends ain't even fucking with her
Damn she text me all day and night
So pissed off she ain't even spelling shit right
I text her back, tell her it's life
Now somebody tell them hoes, I'm single for the night

[Chorus]
Yeah I'm single
Nigga had to cancel that bitch like nino
I ain't trippin on nothin
I'm sipping on somethin
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
And I'm single
Yeah I'm single
And I'm single
Tonight I'm single
And I ain't trippin on nothin
I'm sipping on somethin
And my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me
Tonight

[Verse 2]
Dreads braided to the back
I'm chilling but my swag on full attack
And my girl acting like a brat
So when she call, I don't answer I just write her back
She hate it when I do that shit
And I when get home she go through my shit
She call numbers back to see who that is
Man I hate it when she do that shit
Polo t-shirt, polo draws
Now make me take this polo off
Girl you can get broken off
Yeah I fuck you for an hour then I smoke it off
Swimming trunks and bathing suits
They go in the bedroom and tell the naked truth
Don't wanna fuss, ain't tryna fight
Man somebody tell em hoes I'm single for the night

[Chorus]

[Verse 3]
Uhh, now she got on her fuck em dress
And I got on my double breast
Uh, and he been fussing all day with her
And I make her feel special like a place kicker
She wanna be weezy f baby sitter
Say she wish she could cut my dick off and take it with her
I say hold on
She say she just playing
Then I falls in that pussy like quick sand
Uh, hot sex and cold wine
She left that nigga hanging like a clothes line
I cut my phones off, both lines
It's bout to get nasty, pork rinds
She came hard both times
We both say we single
And we both lying
We both wrong but it feel right
Put your hands up if you single for the night
Put your hands up if you single

[Chorus]

[Verse 1]
Sleigh bells ring, are you listening?
In the lane snow is glistening
A beautiful sight, we're happy tonight
Walking in a winter wonderland
Gone away is the bluebird
Here to stay is a new bird
Who sings a love song as we go along
Walking in a winter wonderland

[Bridge]
In the meadow we'll build a snowman
And we'll pretend that he is Parson Brown
He'll say "Are you married?," we'll say "No, man
But you can do the job when you’re in town"

[Verse 2]
Later on we'll conspire
As we groove by the fire
To face unafraid plans that we made
Walking in a winter wonderland

[Bridge]
(In the meadow we can build a snowman) Snowman
(We'll pretend that he is Parson Brown)
(He'll say "Are you married?," we'll say "No, man") What? No man
("But you can do the job when you're in town")

[Outro]
Later on we'll conspire
As we groove by the fire
To face unafraid the plans that we've made
Walking in a winter wonderland
A la-di-da-di-da-di-da-di-da
Walking in a winter wonderland
A la-di-da-di-da-di-da-di-da

[Verse 1]
Lately, when I hold you
You're like a stranger in my arms
You seem to be afraid of me
Honey, I don't know you anymore

[Verse 2]
Ooh, baby, when I kiss you
You don't give in, give in to me at all
You string along, mmm
But I know there's something wrong, yes, it is
I don't know you anymore

[Bridge]
We used to talk for hours
Hours at a time
But lately we run out of words
And almost out of time

[Verse 3]
Oh, oh, oh I, oh I
I want to love you, yeah
Don't let me go on this way, this way
You're acting strange
And I know there's been a change
Yeah, I don't know you anymore

[Outro]
Mmm, honey, baby, ooh, I don't know you anymore
Anymore, anymore, anymore, anymore
Anymore

[Verse 1]
When I talk to you, you seem so confused
You don't know what to do, you say your whole life has been misused
Your direction is not clear, love in your life you've never meet
When I talk to you this way, I leave now only one thing to say

[Chorus]
(Search on) Search on for love
And try not to let the search get you down, someday you'll find it
(Search on) I know you'll find it

Search on for love
And let nothing stand in your way, I know you'll find it
(Search on) Someday you'll find your love

[Verse 2]
You've been hurt by love and it's changed the way you feel
You've been deserted by love so now the whole thing seems so unreal
So the question is now, do I turn and just walk away
Or do I stand up and fight, oh, yeah, what do I do?
What?
Oh, keep saying

[Chorus]
(Search on) Search on for love
And let nothing stand in your way, I know, I know, I know, I know you'll find it
(Search on) I know you'll find it, yeah

(Search on) Search on for love
And try not to let the search get you down, I know you'll find it
(Search on) Someday you'll find your love

[Verse 1]
I remember you’ve forgotten to remember
I wonder why
Baby, it was just a (One way ticket to love)
Ticket to love (One way ticket), mmm

[Verse 2]
You were lonely without a friend
That was when our romance began
Baby, it was just a, just a (One way ticket to love)
Ticket to love (One way ticket), ooh

[Bridge]
Like the dew on the mountain
Like the foam way out on the sea
Like the bubbles on the fountain
You’re gone forever from me, yeah

[Verse 3]
I loved you kindly, I loved you so blindly
But I loved you honest and I loved you true
But maybe, baby, it was just a (One way ticket to love)
Ticket to love (One way ticket), ooh

[Bridge]
Like the dew on the mountain
Like the foam way out out on the sea
Like the bubbles on the fountain
You’re gone forever from me, baby, don’t do it

[Verse 4]
I loved you kindly, but I loved you so blindly
But I loved you honest and everybody knows I loved you true
Maybe, baby, maybe it was just a (One way ticket to love)
Grab about, release this (One way ticket), yeah

[Outro]
(One way ticket to love, oh oh
One way ticket to love) Yeah, yeah, yeah (Oh)
(One way ticket to love) Oh (Oh oh oh)
Baby, I need your good lovin'
Got to have your love right now, baby
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile

Because I'm not livin', baby, I only exist
I'll never laugh, I'll never smile no more
Don't care if I stay like this, because

Without the one you love, life is not worthwhile
Without your love, my dear, I'm like a fatherless child
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile

When I feel the hurt comin' on
I stop and cry like I'm cryin'
(Right now)
People ask why would a grown man cry
I drop my head and I sigh and reply

Without the one you love, life is not worthwhile
Without your love, my dear, I'm like a fatherless child
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile
(Baby, I need your good lovin')
Sometimes I feel like a wanderer
(Got to have your love right now)
Searching for peace within

(Baby, I need your good lovin')
I need you my darling
(Got to have your love right now)
Like a lost soul needs a friend

So come and fill my empty arms
And fill my empty life

(Baby, I need your good lovin')
Nobody knows the emptiness I feel
(Got to have your love right now)
And I feel it

(Baby, I need your good lovin')
Nobody knows the loneliness I feel
(Got to have your love right now)
And I feel it because

Without the one you love, life is not worthwhile
Without your love, my dear, I'm like a fatherless child
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile

[Verse 1]
Holy Moses, I have been removed
I have seen the spectre, he has been here too
Distant cousin from down the line
Brand of people who ain't my kind
Holy Moses, I have been removed

[Verse 2]
Holy Moses, I have been deceived
Now the wind has changed direction
I think I'll have to leave
Won't you please excuse my frankness
But it's not my cup of tea
Holy Moses, I have been deceived
Yes, I have

[Bridge]
I'm going back to the border where my affairs
My affairs ain't been abused
I can't take any more bad water
I've been poisoned from my head down to my shoes
Yes, I have

[Refrain]
Holy Moses, I have been removed
Holy, Holy

[Verse 3]
Holy Moses, can we live in peace?
Let us try to find a way to make all hatred cease
There's a man standing over there
What's his color? Do you care? (Holy Moses)
Holy, Holy, Holy Moses, can we live in peace?

[Outro]
Lord, help me now
Holy Moses, can we live in peace?
Holy Moses, can we live?
I wonder can we, can we, can we live in peace?
Say it isn't so, say it isn't so
Everyone is saying that you don't love me
Say it isn't so

Everywhere I go, everyone I know
Whispers you're growing tired of me
Say it isn't so

People say that you, you found somebody new
And it won't be long before you leave me
Say it, say it, say it, say it isn't true

Tell me everything is still okay
That's all I need to know and what they're saying
Say it isn't so

Say that everything is still okay, yeah, yeah
That's all I need to know, if you just say it to me
Please say it isn't so
Nineteen birds in a sycamore tree
Everyone with his own melody
They’re singing all together without a beat
Somebody tell me how come it all sound so sweet?

Brother bee caught the bear with his hands in the honey (Yes, it is)
Stung him all over till it wasn’t so funny (Oh)
It’s the law of the jungle man has got to survive
Seems like everything wants to wanna be alive (Wants to be alive), yes, it does

But it’s the motion in the ocean, the wind in the leaves
Two got something just trying to make three
Every natural thing has got its groove
I don’t know how it comes, it just do (It’s the natural thing)

(Love is a natural thing)

It takes two to make it true to keep the love lights burning (Yes, it does)
Ain’t nothing too it once you get it to turning (hey)
Let the feeling overrun you then snatch it back
I tell you, the push and the pull is a natural fact (push, pull)
But it’s the motion in the ocean, the wind in the leaves
Two got something just trying to make three
Every natural thing has got its groove
I don’t know how it comes, just as long as you do (It’s the natural thing)

Just like the stars, just like the rain
They’re all different but they’re all the same
I don’t know how else to tell you but go on and bet your money
On the natural thing, yeah

Love’s a natural thing (Natural thing)
Yes, it is, love’s a natural thing (Natural thing)
Tellin’ you that it’s a natural thing (Natural thing)
Do you believe that it’s a (Yes, it is)

Yes it is, love’s a natural thing (Natural thing)
Yes it is, love’s a natural thing (Can you feel?)
Can you feel it? Yeah (Can you feel?)
Can you feel it? (Yes, it is)

Love’s a natural thing (Yes, it is)
Tell me if you love me
Right now
Tell me if you want me
Right now
You make me think you like it
When we kiss
But still you never say so

So if you're only playing
Let´s stop
Cause you're nearly blowing my top
And if you can say you do
But if you don't
Baby tell me right now

You've got a smile I love
And you've a style I love
And your caress
Is all my heart is dreaming of

But if you keep stalling
By the time we click
I'll be turning gray
And you'll be walking
With this trick
So if we're gonna make it
Let's start
Cause you're overworking my heart
I confess that I'm with you
And you with me
But tell me right now

You've got
You've got a smile I love
And God knows you've the style I love
And your caress
Is all my heart is dreaming of

But if you keep stalling
By the time we click
I'll be turning gray
And you'll be walking
With this trick

So if we're gonna make it
We've got to start
Cause you're overworking my heart
And you're the guy that I love
That I can't deny
And all you ever give me
Is just an alibi
And baby I've decided
Now it's do or die
So tell me if you love me
Oh tell me if you love me
I wanna know now
I wanna know now
Yes right now
Hmmm

[Verse 1]
All night long, one night
I could not sleep for ringing in my ear
A melody began to sing
For at first
The words I could not make out clear
Then smog fields lifted away (smog fields)
And this is what I heard them say

[Chorus]
It said, "Without love (without love), there's nothing you can do"
Yes, it did
It said, "Without love (without love), you're not even you"

[Verse 2]
All night long, He spoke to me - the words of wisdom rang
Beneath His sweet, soft melody
Said, "Don't you know (Don't you know), yeah (child?)
That a rich man can be poor if wealth is all he has?"
(Mm, mm, mm.) Hey! I know

[Outro]
Yeah, without love (without love), there's nothing you can do
(Do, do, do!) Do you know?
Without love (without love), you're not even you
Can't you hear me talking to you? (Can't you hear us talking to you?)
Without love, ha, there's so much you can do
(Without love) Yes, it is
Hey, without love (Without love)
Ooh, you're not even you (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Oh, yeah
Without love (Without love), there's really so much you can do
(Without love) Yes, it is (Without love)
Without love (Without love), you're not even you
Everybody sing now
Without love (without love), there's so much you can do
(Without love) Yes, it is, yes, it is! (Without love)
Without love (without love), you're not even you
Sing it, sing it, one more time
Without love (without love), there's so much you can do
(Without love) Without love (Without love)
(Without love) Do you know you're not even you?
Hey, hey, without love (Without love), just so much you can do
Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday

I'm going down to the river
I'm going top take me a rocking chair
And if the blues don't leave me, I rock on away from here

Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday

Trouble in mind, that's true
I have almost lost my mind
Life ain't worth living, I feel like I could die

Trouble in mind, I'm blue
My poor heart is healing slow
I've never had such trouble in my whole life before

I'm gonna lay my head on some lonesome railroad line
And let that 2:19 special ease my troubled mind
Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday
If you get anything out of life
You got to put up with the toils and strife
Ooh, well just pushed our love a little bit too far
We forgot to remember how blessed we were, now

And the girl over there tellin' me what she sees
You don't have to worry, baby
She ain't gonna get next to me
Yes, she don't mean a thing at all
And I thought it over, yes I did

That's the way that I feel about you, baby
That's the way that I feel about you, baby
That's the way that I feel about you, baby
That's the way that I feel about you, baby, yeah

I know you've been hurt just like many others too
But that's the sacrifice that life is gonna put us all through
Trust in me, I'll trust in you and have no fear
Sometimes, I look at you, baby and wonder if God sent you here
And I thought it over, yes I did, well, well, well, well
That's the way thatI feel about you, baby
And I hope you don't mind if I get weak and cry for you sometimes
That's the way that I feel about you, baby
That's the way that I feel about you, yeah

Please, please, please, babe, if you hear my love knocking at your door
Open up, oh, because the world ain't givin' up, sometime you're no more
I know you've been hurt, so have many others too
All we gotta do is look back over the years, shinin' through
Shine through the light and put us all through, yeah, yeah

That's the way that I feel about you, baby
That's the way that I feel about you in my heart for you baby
Yeah, yeah, that's the way, that's the way, that's the way
That's the way I feel about you, baby

I get a little weak now and I cry sometimes, yeah
I don't mind, I don't mind
I love you baby, love you baby, love you baby, love you baby

That's the way I feel, let me just talk about it a little while
You'll see right now, that's the way that I, that's the way that I
That's the way that I, that's the way that I, that's the way

Yeah, that's the way, that's the way, that is the way, oh
I feel about you, baby, that's the way that I, that's the way I
That's the way that I, that's the way I, oh
That's the way that I I feel about you, baby, ooh, baby
Think about you all the time and I'm so glad
I'm so glad, I'm so glad, I'm so glad, so glad, I'm so glad
So glad to know you're my love now, baby
Stay my baby, sure you gonna do that for me, sure
Sure you gonna do that for me now that I have been alone

Let me know that that's the way
Let me know that that's the way
That you'd be, that you'd be always true
The way I feel
Trouble in mind
Yes, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
Sun is gonna shine
In my back door someday
Trouble in mind
Yes, it's true
I have almost lost my mind
Never had so much trouble
In my life before
Now if it don't stop
I'm goin' right on down to the river
I'm gonna take my easy chair
And if the blues don't get me
I'm gonna rock on away from here
Talkin' 'bout a trouble in mind
Oh yes, I'm blue
I have almost lost my mind
Never had so much trouble
In my life before
Now if it don't stop
I'm goin' right on down, ooh to the river
I'm gonna take my easy chair
And if the blues don't get me
I'm gonna rock right on away from here
You better believe me
I'm trouble in mind, oh yes, it's true
I have almost lost my mind
Never had so much trouble
In my young life before
If it don't stop
I'm goin' right on down, ooh to the river
I'm gonna take my old easy chair
And if the blues don't get me
I might have to rock on away from here
Sayin' that I'm trouble in mind
Oh, yes, I'm blue
But I just refuse to be blue always
The sun is gonna shine
In my back door someday
I said it is and I know it is
The sun is gonna shine
In my back door someday
Well, I said that I believe that
The sun is gonna shine
In my back door someday
Oh, trouble in mind
Ohohoho, they tell me that into each life
Some rain has sure got to fall
Ohohoho, they tell me here, that everybody
Has sure, has sure got to cry sometime (Cry)

And, oh, if some rain (Some rain)
If some rain has to fall (Some rain) on everybody
And I’ve had enough rain in my life
Then I’m so glad right now I got a little love around me
To keep the rain off my head, yeah, yeah

And I believe it’s, I believe it’s
I believe it’s because (Tell me what do you believe)
I believe it’s because

On the other night, as I lay sleeping
I dreamed I held you, I held you in my arms, yeah
But when I woke up and found out I was mistaken, yeah
You know that I hung my (You know that I hung my) hung my head and I cried (Head and I cried)

Baby, baby, baby, baby, baby (Baby), you are my sunshine (Baby)
You sure make me happy, baby, oh, when the skies are grey
And you’ll never, never, never know, ah, how much I need you
I don’t want you to take my (Oh baby, don’t you take my), take my sunshine away (Shining away)
You told me once, you did it, that you really loved me
And no-one else could ever, could ever come between, yeah
But now you’re thinking about to leaving me (leaving) for another, yeah (Leaving)
If you do you know you’re gonna shatter, shatter every one of my dreams (All of my dreams)

Because, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby (Baby), you are my sunshine (Baby)
You sure make me good and happy, oh, when the skies are grey
And you’ll never, never, never know, ah, how much I need you (How much I really need you)
I don’t want you to take my (Oh, baby, don’t you take my)
Baby, don’t you take my (Oh, baby, don’t you take my)
You promised me (Oh, baby, don’t you take my)
That you’ll never, never, never, never leave me

You promised me (Sunshine, shown off)
That you’ll never, never, never deceive me (Sunshine, shown off)
Good God almighty, don’t let him (Sure enough)
Don’t let him take it away (Oh, baby, don’t you take my)
Hey, baby, good God almighty (Oh, baby, don’t you take my)
Everybody, get in the groove and let the good times roll;
I'm gon' stay here 'til I soothe my soul
If it takes all night long... yeah...

It might be one o'clock, and it might be three;
Time don't mean that much to me!
I ain't had this much fun since I don't know when
And I might not feel this good again...

Oh! Get in the groove and let the good times roll;
I'm gon' stay here 'til I soothe my soul
If it takes all night long, yeah...

All night - it takes all day...
All night, and all day...
I'm gonna get in the groove and let the good times roll...
Stay here 'til I soothe my soul!
If it takes all night long... yeah...

It might be one o'clock, and it might be three;
I don't care, 'cause time means nothin' to me!
I ain't been swingin' since I don't know when
And I might not be swingin' this way again...
Oh! Get in the groove and let the good times roll;
You can stay here 'til you soothe your soul
If it takes all night long, yeah...

All night, and all day...
All night, and all day...
I'm gon' stay here - I ain't gonna move;
Come on, soul brotha, help me find the groove!
I don't care who's knockin' on the door...
Baby, here I am
By the railroad tracks
Waiting for my baby
'Cause he's coming back
Coming back to me
On the 503
And it won't be long
No, it won't be long

I've been so lonesome
Since the man has been gone
There ain't a thing worth mentioning
Nothin' been going on

And that's why I know
When the whistle blows
Yeah, that it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long

My daddy told me
When he said goodbye
- Yes, he did
"I'll be back, baby
Baby, by and by,"
And that's why I waited
So doggone long, yeah
Can't you see how happy I am?
Because the man is coming home

So now, here I be
By the railroad tracks
Oh, waiting for my baby
He's coming back
Coming back to me
On the 503
Yeah, and it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long

I ain't had no loving
Since you know when
He's a long-gone rooster
And I'm a lonesome hen

And that's why I'm sure
When the whistle blows
Yeah, that it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long

Mmm, and I'm so excited
My knees are shaking, yeah
Mr. Engineer
Don't you keep me waiting!
You hear me?
Telling you:
Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!
Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!
Baby, here I am
Oh, by the railroad tracks
Waiting for my baby
He's coming back

Coming back to me
Lord, on the 503
Yeah, and it won't be long
No, it won't be long

Ahh, yeah, I know
When the whistle blows
Hey, that it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long
I don't know about you, but
I know, yeah, I know
That it won't be long
No, no, it won't be long
Said it won't be long
No, it won't be long...
Ah...ooh...ooh...ooh...

Woke up this mornin' to a perfect day
I opened my window, heard a sparrow say {Tweedle dee
Dee dee}
Positive thoughts are runnin' through my mind
Nothin' is wrong, feelin' real strong
'Cause a new day is comin'

The sun is shining
No clouds in view
Lovers are holdin' hands
The world's brand new

Everybody's smiling
Summer's comin' through
But the only thing that's missing is you
{Only thing that's missing is you}

I-I-I-I see your smile through your photograph
{Through your photograph}
The thing that you said still makes me laugh {Laugh}
Deep inside I'm on the edge of tears
But I can't be cryin', sittin' around sighin'
Just 'cause you're not here
The sun is shining (Sun is shining)
No clouds in view (Ooh, yeah)
Lovers are holdin' hands
The world's brand new

Everybody's smiling
Summer's comin' through
But the only thing that's missing is you
{Only thing that's missing is you}

Baby, baby, show me what do you do when love is gone
You count your blessings and you move on {And you move
On}
{No, I ain't lonely} No, I ain't lonely, this ain't no
Sad song
There's just one contradiction, I can't stand to be
Alone

The sun is shining (Oh, come and get me, baby)
No clouds in view (In view)
Lovers are holdin' hands (Lovers are holdin' hands)
The world's brand new (Yeah, the world's brand new)

Everybody's smiling (Everybody's smiling)
Summer's comin' through (Summer's comin' on through)
But the only thing (The only thing) that's missing is
You (The only thing, only thing, yeah)
{Only thing that's missing is you}
The sun is shining
No clouds in view (In view)
Lovers are holdin' hands (Lovers are holdin' hands)
The world's brand new (The world's brand new)

Everybody's smiling (Everybody's smiling)
Summer's comin' through (Summer's comin' on through)
But the only thing that's missin' is you
{Only thing that's missin' is you} (Only thing that's
Missing, baby)

But the only thing that's missing is you
{The only thing that's missing is you}
Chorus:
Mama badd
Mama mean
Gasoline
Shes on fire
Put her out
As a matter fact
Take her out
Cuz shes on fire
Got on my knees and asked my lord to keep me clear from the devil
Cuz my girl shes shes on fire
Yea and everything is so cool
Yea

Now i want them back shots
I want them back shots
I say shawty let me play up in dat matchbox
And shes on fire yea
Shawty shawty let a nigga rub his stick against her matchbox
And shes on fire
Shes steamin shes screamin shes shes creamin
Shes feidin
I redem it i get betwenn dat
Like her like her like her
Now hit me
And now shes on fire i left her steamin
Yea but everything so sweet (shes on)
Uh shes hot as hell
Lets call he helan
Fireman to her rescue like 911
Fucking rite i make her hot
She got the devil in her
I do watever wit her
Hells angel i pluck her feathers nigga
I am the fire spitter i start a fire wit her
Ok her flames high but i am higher nigga
So i invite her up and then i lite her up uh

2 Chorus:
Mama bad
Mama mean
Kerosine
Shes on fire
Put her out
As a matter fact
Take her out
(shes on)
Got on my knees and asked my lord to keep me clear from the devil
Cuz my girl shes on fire yea
But everything is so cool (shes on)

Now hit me haha wooo
Shes on fire
Yea (shes on fire)
I left her steamin
Yea and now shes on fire
But its cool
Chorus:
Mama badd
Mama mean
Gasoline
Shes on fire
Put her out
As a matter
Ta ta take her out
Cuz shes on fire
Shes steamin shes screamin shes creamin
Shes feidin i redem it i get between dat like i mean it
Hahaha then i leave her steamin
Shes on fire
Stunnin girl
But everythings so cool

[Intro]
Oh, thank you, baby
Oh, thank you, baby

[Verse 1]
Oh, you came in my life
Before you I just existed
My hopes, my hopes and past
And without you I couldn’t have lasted

[Chorus]
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, yes you do, baby
Oh, oh, honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, oh baby

[Verse 2]
We find a love, find a joy
So many, so many search for
You’re mine and I’m yours
Darling, I’m, I’m so thankful

[Chorus]
Oh, honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, every day, every day, baby
Hey, honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, yes you do, baby, yeah

[Bridge]
Thank you, baby, for the sunshine

[Verse 3]
And if I make you sad
Just let me know because I didn’t mean to
No way, no way I’d hurt you
Because my very life, my life depends upon you

[Chorus]
Oh, honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, yes you do, baby, yeah
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, every, every time of day
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, you’re so good to me, baby
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, thank you for my sunshine
Honey, you make my life
Oh honey, you make my life complete, oh, oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, oh baby, thank you for the sunshine
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, and I love, love you, baby
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, I depend on you, baby
Every day, honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, every, Lord, every day now
Honey, you make my life
You know you make my life complete, oh, oh, oh, yeah
Honey, you make my life
Mock (yeah)
Ing (Yeah)
Bird (Yeah)
Yeah (Yeah)
Mockin'bird, now

Everybody have you heard
He's gonna buy me a mockingbird
And if that mockingbird don't sing
He's gonna buy me a diamond ring
And if that diamond ring don't shine
He's gonna surely break this heart of mine
And that's why I keep on tellin' everybody
Say yeah, yeah whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, uh, oh

Hear me now and understand
He's gonna find me some piece of mind
And if that piece of mind won't stay
I'm gonna find myself a better way
And if that better way ain't so
I'll ride with the tide and go with the flow
And that's why I keep on shoutin' in your ear
Say yeah, yeah whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, uh, oh
Now everybody, have you heard
She's gonna buy me a mockingbird
Yeah if that mockingbird don't sing
She's gonna buy me a diamond ring
And if that diamond ring won't shine
Yes, it'll surely break this heart of mine
And there's a reason why I keep on tellin' everybody
Say yeah, yeah whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, uh, oh

Listen now and understand
Se's gonna find me some piece of mind
Yeah if that piece of mind won't stay
I'm gonna get myself a better way
I might rise above, I might go below
Ride with the ride and go with the flow
And that's the reason why I keep on shoutin' in your ear…

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, now, now. Baby

[Verse]
Our Father
Which art in Heaven
Hallowed be Thy, Thy name
Thy kingdom come
Thy will be done
On Earth as it is in, in Heaven
Give us this day, our daily, daily, our daily bread
And forgive us our trespasses
As we forgive those who trespass against us
And then lead us not into temptation
But deliver us, deliver us
Deliver us from all evil, mhm
For, for Thine, Thine is the kingdom
And the power
And the glory, for, forever, forever Amen
Oh yeah
You're gonna know His name is the Lord should He return
Forever Amen
Forever Amen

[Trina]
Yup Yup

[Rick Ross]
Slip-n-Slide Remix
The Big Boss
Mayback music

[Lil Wayne]
Who's that making that funky noise?
It's Weezy baby Hey Trine Bean
And it's the remix baby

[Lil Wayne]
I know what I did
And how I act
And if I see you with a man I'm a get my gat
{woop woop}
I'm just playin'
It won't be that
I got enough legal wounds
And I don't need that
And I gave you a ring that I don't need back
Because I know one day you gonna be back
Not today
But one day
And my friends say I need my Beyonce
Back, like my name was Sean
I mean you stand tall
But me I lean
What's wrong?
Everything
Wayne what's right?
Wayne Hey Trine Bean
Like a string bean
Girl I'm healthy
Girl I'm lying
Girl just help me
Help my fly
But what flight are you on?
You might not be talking â€˜bout me in this song

[Chorus]
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again

[Rick Ross]
Hold up wait a got damn minute
It ain't Benz then the boss ain't in it
Yeah it's dark tinted
I had to red rim in
She got the same ones
Just add the red ribbon
Sexy, like she wanna breath again, leave again
I ain't ever need a friend
Yeah I'm in the thangs
Throw away money
And I'm in the range with Floyd May money
Lord Pray for me
I'm single again
Now look who I'm mingling with
Left my baby momma
Cause she didn't get shit
You might see her ridin' in the street
Single again

[Chorus]
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again

[Plies]
You damn right I cheated
I couldn't get it from you when I need it
Cause dealin' with you it ain't easy
Think I'm a let you talk to me greasy
I ain't one of them little lames sweetie
So you single again?
Well we even
I know you miss how I beat it
You'll be back cause he don't eat it

[Trina]
Got six
Run you lips 'bout that
Say Trina still the baddest
April 1st I'm back
No April Fools Joke
Finna make the world lean, hah
Hold up she back on the scene
Weez Hey Trine Bean
Plies and Rick Ross
Like Hilary Clinton
I'm the boss
Dude came back
Cause he know where it's at
Super bubblegum brain
Tell me how you like that
I'm hotter than fish grease
Hotter than a heater
Every magazine cover you gonna see Trina
Black Men magazine
King, I'm Smooth
Sister to Sister
Crip, What it do?
Thought the grass was green on the other side
Millionaires over here
We say fuck the other side
While you was out shonin
I don't know why
I stayed so alone
You couldn't say bye

[Chorus]
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again

[Trina]
Diamond Princess
Yeah
I'm still the baddest
Ha ha ha

I'm single again
I'm single again

[Chorus]
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again, back on the prowl
I thought it was perfect, I don't know how
I'm single again
Murder Inc., nigga
(Young Money just crept in like, uh-ohhh!)
Mpire, Mpire, lets get ?em
Young Money, Cash Money, Calabo
Listen, listen

All my niggas, my bitches, my bitches, my niggas
My gangstas, hoes, pimps and pushers
Keep workin? with what we dealin?
Nigga gettin? it, got money, we takin? it
Got bitches, we takin? ?em

Empire just stepped in and they like
Uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh! Uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh!
Hit it and go, oh oh, uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh!
?'cause they know we gettin? it, got money, we takin? it
Got bitches we takin? ?em, Mpire just stepped in
(Fuck niggas)

Uh-ohhh! uh uh, uh-ohhh! Here I, go, oh oh oh
It?s the Rule, nigga, you already know, oh
I'm gettin? it, I don't gotta talk ?'cause I'm livin? it
Money over bitches, period, and I'm dead serious
These bitches is feminine, nigga
So I t-t-touch ?em up every time I see ?em, are you feelin? it?
I-I-It?s comin? through the barrel or the fifth
Out the sunroof of the six

I-I-If you willin? to bear witness, how I take money, take bitches
Niggas is fascinated with the kid, love my style
Your bitch too would be on a dick if you let her come out
Quit hand cuffin? these hoes

My pimp game proper, I'm a pistol popper
Fuck around and get shot up, my niggas all riders
My bitches all done up
Fuck, I know ya'll niggas hate to love us but

All my niggas, my bitches, my bitches, my niggas
My gangstas, hoes, pimps and pushers
Keep workin? with what we dealin?
Nigga gettin? it, got money, we takin? it
Got bitches, we takin? ?em

Empire just stepped in and they like
Uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh! Uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh!
Hit it and go, oh oh, uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh!
?'cause they know we gettin? it, got money, we takin? it
Got bitches we takin? ?em, Mpire just stepped in
Uh-ohhh! You did it
Now you gotta get it, weezy ?fore it?s in your building
I will step on your building from the steps of my building
Raise hell, hell?s risen, call me young Raekwon
I'm a chef in hell's kitchen

Flow sweet as devils food, I eat angels for dinner
Call me what you want, I don't give a finger in the middle
I?ma hold it down and blow up my anchor as the missile
When I say we got the brrr I ain't tryna whistle

Long body Maybach, it make me feel so little
I'm ballin? on the suckers and I won't pick up my dribble
Retarded on these beats, sick, I spit hospitals
And she couldn't stand under my umbrella if it drizzled

My pimp game proper, my aim proper
So run and I will hit you like Jeremiah
Trotter Yessir, call me young Carter
My leather so soft and I be stuntin? like my daughter, ya dig

Yup, yup, I d-d-dig it but our jewelry's so fitted
Damn hot, damn, bitches with the Atkins, Carter
And Crocker like we don't make that crack outta real butter
Now d-d-did I s-s-stutter the first time, nigga, it?s nah
They like uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh! This nigga is trouble
It?s the Inc, nigga, act like you know
Who's gettin? it, livin? this gangsta shit

All my niggas, my bitches, my bitches, my niggas
My gangstas, hoes, pimps and pushers
Keep workin? with what we dealin?
Nigga gettin? it, got money, we takin? it
Got bitches, we takin? ?em

Empire just stepped in and they like
Uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh! Uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh!
Hit it and go, oh oh, uh-ohhh! Uh uh, uh-ohhh!
?'cause they know we gettin? it, got money, we takin? it
Got bitches we takin? ?em, Mpire just stepped in

Murder Inc., nigga
(Young Money just crept in like, uh-ohhh!)
Mpire, Mpire
Sha-la-la-la, la, la, baby...
Sha-la-la-la, la, la...
Sha-la-la-la, la, la, baby...
Sha-la-la-la, la, la...

Girls, beware of the bandit from Westchester County;
I can’t offer you no reward, 'cause all he left me was a broken heart...
He kidnapped me excitingly, and then he robbed me off my dignity...
And when enough of his time had been spent, he left me
(Sha-la-la-la, la...) moaning... (Sha-la-la-la, la...) Yeah...
He left me (Sha-la-la-la, la...) moan, moaning... (Sha-la-la-la, la...) Yes, he did... hey...

Be careful, my sisters, yeah - he’s armed with an innocent smile
With a dangerous love record that can stretch for miles and miles...
Hey, girls! Take a hint - He don’t leave no fingerprints
And if he gets his hands on you, he’s gonna leave you
(Sha-la-la-la, la...) Wanting... (Sha-la-la-la, la...) Yes, he will...
And he'll leave you... (Sha-la-la-la, la...) Moan, moaning... (Sha-la-la-la, la...) Oh, yeah... yeah...

Any female information concernin' this bandit person;
He may be sitting right next to you, and Westchester County is right there too...
Hey, girls! I've got a confession to make if they put that bandit in jail:
I’ll be the first one to go on his bail...
He left me (Sha-la-la-la, la...) Wanting, oh, yeah... (Sha-la-la-la, la...) I'm a wanted woman this evening...
He left me (Sha-la-la-la, la...) wanting, oh, yeah... (Sha-la-la-la, la...) Sha-la bandit, yeah, it's all about his...
Sha-la-la-la, la... Ow!
Sha-la-la-la, la... ah-ha, ha...
Sha-la-la-la, la... ooh, baby...
Sha-la-la-la, la... ah-ha, ha...

Sha-la-la-la, la... but look so good to me, baby
Sha-la-la-la, la... ah-ha, ha...
Sha-la-la-la, la... ow, baby...
Sha-la-la-la, la... ah-ha, ha...

Sha-la-la-la, la... he's a bandit...
Sha-la-la-la, la... he's a terrible dude, y'all...
Sha-la-la-la, la... hey, he's all for me...
Sha-la-la-la, la... ah-ha, ha...

Sha-la-la-la, la... Ooh, Good God Almighty...
Sha-la-la-la, la... yeah-ha, ha...

[Verse 1]
There are some things
I may not know
There are some places
That I can't go
I know it is
But I am sure
Of His love, He love me so, I know He do

[Chorus]
My God is real
For I can feel
Him in my soul

[Verse 2]
My God is real
Real in my soul, yes He is
For he has a washed and cleansed
And made me whole
Let me say that His love for me
Is like pure gold
I can tell, I can tell

[Chorus]
My God is real
For I can feel
Him in my soul

[Outro]
Hey hey, my God is real, yes He is
I can feel it, down in my soul
Every time I think about it, it's so real
I can feel it
And now the end is near
And so I face the final curtain
My friend I'll say it clear
I'll state my case of which I'm certain

I've lived a life that's full
I traveled each and every highway
And more, much more than this
I did it my way

Regrets I've had a few
But then again too few to mention
I did what I had to do
And saw it through without exemption

I planned each charted course
Each careful step along the byway
And more, much more than this
I did it my way

Yes there were times I'm sure you knew
When I bit off more than I could chew
But through it all when there was doubt
I ate it up and spit it out, I faced it all
And I stood tall and did it my way
I've loved, I've laughed and cried
I've had my fill, my share of losing
And now as tears subside
I find it all so amusing

To think I did all that
And may I say not in a shy way
Oh no, oh no, not me
I did it my way

For what is a man what has he got
If not himself then he has not
To say the things he truly feels
And not the words of one who kneels
The record shows I took the blows
And did it my way

Yes it was my way
There’ve been a few loves in my live
But none who have loved me as you
You’re within my heart so deep
You’re with me whether I’m awake or I’m sleep
And with your hand in mine there is no hight I dare not climb, no

As long, as long as you hold my hand
There is no, no fate that I can’t withstand
And although tears may fall
I know you’ll drive them all
As long, as long as you are there (Are there)

Darling, darling in you I find
Happiness on peace of mind
A lover like I’ve never known
And I’m so glad, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you’re my very own

As long, as long, as long, as long, as long as you hold my hand
Darling there is no, there is no fate that I, I can’t withstand
And although I stumble and fall (Baby, baby)
Baby, I know, I know that you’ll hear my call
As long, just as long as you are there

[Bun B]

Yeah, when I step in the spot motherfuckers say "Who dat?"
Big Bun B, but you already knew that
Live from the state, where they chop and they screw that
You hatin' on a Trill OG, when they do dat?
Motherfuckers need to get off the dick, man
Fall the fuck back like a bike with no kickstand
Get out my mix, man, just gon' get you stuck deep in the quicksand
With no easy fix, man
No Trix man, those is for kids
Kush in my cigar, and hoes in the crib
Drank, and the 20 ounce froze in the fridge
You fuckin' with DA so you know what it is
I'm sittin' on the fours that clack
Comin' down candy in a golden 'Lac
We gettin' to the money like it's Goldman Sachs
And we do it for the pimps that hold 'em back, let's go

[Nas]
L-l-look who crept in with automatic weapons
Reppin' QB till the death of him
That nigga that aspired lyrical tyrants
Like Kanye West and Em
Track record, goes back to "The Essence"
Smack adolescents who ask who the best is
I'm nasty like gas from a fat man attested
I pass it, you gaspin' for breath and you die fast
But I'm like a gastric bypass
Bunch of Nas African actors seemed to get typecast in the same role
Since 16 I ain't grow a day old, yet my brain grow
Cocaine white Range Rov
Tats on my body like an art exhibit, I did real good for a project, nigga
Was once a Bacardi sipper, now it's Chandon
Fat blunts in the car with strippers
Guns in compartments hidden, I was real young, little youth
A novice nigga
Blessings, bowed down, respected
Chowed down, now my food's digested
Pow-pow, with my shooters are Techs
Bust louder than the noise I just spit
Let's get one thing straight, that my crown ain't for testin', testin'
Chop heads off like King Henry the 8th, guillotine to your neck, bitch
I'm a king in this thing, don't be dumb
Been in this shit since '91
Niggas can't fuck with the style I use
Your fate is sealed, no Heidi Klum
Calm now, was a wylin' dude
Studied cowards that made power moves
Watched Wild Planet, seen lions devour food, you can say that's how I move
A monster nigga, and I don't really like doing songs with niggas
There go my nigga Wayne, let them niggas hate
I love my nigga Drake say "We ain't got time to respond to niggas"

[Shyne]

I'm a villain, I'm a villain, all that happens in the street
Poverty and desperation made me everything I be
I'm a shotta when I pop up with
Listen dear
I realize that you've been hurt
Deeply, because I've been there
But regardless to who, what, why, when, and where
We are all precious in his sight
And a rose still and always will be a rose

Doo doo doo doo doo doo mmm
Dooby dooby doo doo doo doo
Doo doo doo doo doo doo mmm

There was a rose I knew, I met her once or twice before
She was a pretty sweet thing, not the least bit insecure
Then you came with your slick game and played with her youth
Ashamed of the way you lied, played with the truth, hey, hey

Mmm, she never knew what hit her
Steal her honey, then forget her
Now the rose is scorned
She wears her thorns tryin' to forget about you
'Cause a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't leave you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Darlin', you hold the power

Now believe me when I tell you that I've been hurt myself
When he tells you that he loves you and sees nobody else
And now you're so tough tryin' to wear tight clothes and things
Tossin' and flossin', tryin' to fill the void heartbreak brings

Oh..oh..yeah
When she faces the mirror, yeah
She's cryin', you can't hear her
Now the rose is scorned
She wears her thorns tryin' to forget about you

'Cause a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Baby, girl, you hold the power

See a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Darlin', you hold the power
Let your life be in the sunshine
Not the darkness of your sorrow
You may see your all today
When you know it'll come tomorrow

Tough to be, but life ain't over
Just because your man is gone
Girl, love yourself enough to know
That without him your life goes on
Without him your life goes on
Without him your life goes on

'Cause a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Baby, girl, you hold the power

See a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you

[Verse 1]
Baby baby, sweet baby
There's something that I just got to say
Baby baby, sweet baby
You left me hurting in a real cold way
Speak your name
Mmm, and I'll feel a thrill
You said I do
And I said I will

[Pre-Chorus]
I tell you that I'll stay true
And give you just a little time
Wait on me, baby
I want you to be all mine
I just get so blue

[Chorus]
Since you've been gone, baby
(Why'd you do it? Why'd you have to do it?)
Since you've been gone
(Why'd you do it? Why'd you have to do it?)

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 2]
Baby baby, sweet baby
I didn't mean to run you away
It was pride on my lips
But not in my heart
To say the things that made you stray
But ah, babe
Hear me now (Hear me)
I don't know what I'm gonna do (Hear me)
Got to get you back somehow (Hear me now)

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm trying
Take me back
Consider me please
If you walk in that door
I can get up off my knees
I've just been so blue

[Chorus]
Since you've been gone, oh baby
(Why'd you do it? Why'd you have to do it?)
Since you've been gone
(Why'd you do it? Why'd you have to do it?)

[Outro]
Well, I've been so lonely
(Sweet sweet - sweet sweet baby)
Baby, since you've been gone
(Sweet sweet - sweet sweet baby)
I've been so lonely
(Why'd you do it? Why'd you have to do it?)
Since you've been gone
(Why'd you do it? Why'd you have to do it?)
Baby, baby, baby, been so lonely
(Sweet sweet - sweet sweet baby)
Without a word of warnin'
The blues walked in this mornin'
And circled around my lonely room

I didn't know why I had that sad 'n lonely feelin'
Until my baby called and said we were through, hooo

For yesterday this time I sang a lovesong
But today ... I'm singing the blues

Now, I know the explanation
But to me that's no consolation
No, no, it just goes to show you
No matter how you love, everybody has got to lose
And since I've lost, I'd rather walk around and woe
I guess I just walk the darkest avenue

For yesterday this time I sang a lovesong
But today ... I'm singing the blues

Now, it strikes me kinda funny how love can be this way
'Cause we were lovin' 'til last night honey, yeah
I'm alone again today
And it strikes me kinda funny how fate can be so unfair
'Cos I seem to come right on the losin' end in every, every love affair!

Yes it must be, it must be meant for me that I should be the one
Be the one to always lose, hooo

For yesterday this time I sang a lovesong
But right now ... I'm singing the blues
Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday

I'm going down to the river
I'm going top take me a rocking chair
And if the blues don't leave me, I rock on away from here

Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday

Trouble in mind, that's true
I have almost lost my mind
Life ain't worth living, I feel like I could die

Trouble in mind, I'm blue
My poor heart is healing slow
I've never had such trouble in my whole life before

I'm gonna lay my head on some lonesome railroad line
And let that 2:19 special ease my troubled mind
Trouble in mind, I'm blue
But I won't be blue always
'Cause that sun is gonna shine in my back door someday
You're all I need to get by
You're all I need to get by
You're all I need to get by
You're all I need to get by

You're all I need to get by
As long as I got you then baby you know that you got me, ohh!
Cause we got our love and some R-ah-E-S-P-E-C-T, ohh!

Like sweet morning dew I took one look at you
And it was plain to see, you where my destiny
With my arms open wide, I threw away my pride
I sacrificed for you, dedicated my life to you

I will go where you lead
I'll be right there in a time of need
And when I lose my will
You'll be right there to push me up that hill

There's no looking back for us (No there ain't baby!)
We've got our love and sho'nuff that's enough
You're all, you're all I need
You're all, you're all I need
You're all, you're all I need, baby baby, to get by
Like an eagle protects his nest, for you I'll do my best
Stand by you like a tree and dare anybody to try and move me
Darlin' in you I've found, strength where I was torn down
I don't know what's in store, but together we can open any door

Just to do what's good for you, I'll inspire you a little bit higher
I know you can make a wo-man out of a soul that didn't have a goal
Cause we've, (yeah) we've got the right foundation
And with the love and determination (yes we do)
You're all, you're all I need
You're all, (Baby baby) You're all I need
You're all, you're all I need to get by
Yeah, yeah

As long as I got you then baby you know that you got me, ohh!
Cause we got our love and some R-ah-E-S-P-E-C-T, ohh!
As long as I got you then baby you know that you got me, ohh!
(You're all I need, you're all I need, you're all I need)
Won't you come home, Bill Bailey, won't you come home
I moan the whole night long
I'll do the cookin', honey, I'll pay the rent
I know I done you wrong

Remember that rainy eve' that
I drove you out with nothin' but a fine tooth comb
Yes, I know that I'm to blame, and ain't that a shame
Bill Bailey, won't you please come home

Won't you come home, Bill Bailey, won't you come home
I moan the whole night long
I'm-a gonna do your cookin', honey, I'm-a gonna pay your rent
I know that I've done you wrong

Remember that rainy eve' that
I drove you out with nothin' but a fine tooth comb
Well, I know that I'm to blame, and ain't that a dirty, low-down shame
Bill Bailey, won't you please come home
Come home, come home, Bill Bailey
Bill Bailey, won't you please come on home
Come home, Bill Bailey
Bill Bailey, won't you please come on home
Come on home
You remember that rainy evenin'
I throwed you out, with nothin but a fine tooth comb
I know I'm to blame, now ain't it a shame
So baby, won't you please come

I said now, won't you please come

Bill Bailey, won't you please come on ho
Listen dear
I realize that you've been hurt
Deeply, because I've been there
But regardless to who, what, why, when, and where
We are all precious in his sight
And a rose still and always will be a rose

Doo doo doo doo doo doo mmm
Dooby dooby doo doo doo doo
Doo doo doo doo doo doo mmm

There was a rose I knew, I met her once or twice before
She was a pretty sweet thing, not the least bit insecure
Then you came with your slick game and played with her youth
Ashamed of the way you lied, played with the truth, hey, hey

Mmm, she never knew what hit her
Steal her honey, then forget her
Now the rose is scorned
She wears her thorns tryin' to forget about you
'Cause a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't leave you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Darlin', you hold the power

Now believe me when I tell you that I've been hurt myself
When he tells you that he loves you and sees nobody else
And now you're so tough tryin' to wear tight clothes and things
Tossin' and flossin', tryin' to fill the void heartbreak brings

Oh..oh..yeah
When she faces the mirror, yeah
She's cryin', you can't hear her
Now the rose is scorned
She wears her thorns tryin' to forget about you

'Cause a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Baby, girl, you hold the power

See a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Darlin', you hold the power
Let your life be in the sunshine
Not the darkness of your sorrow
You may see your all today
When you know it'll come tomorrow

Tough to be, but life ain't over
Just because your man is gone
Girl, love yourself enough to know
That without him your life goes on
Without him your life goes on
Without him your life goes on

'Cause a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you
Baby, girl, you hold the power

See a rose is still a rose
Baby, girl, you're still a flower
He can't lead you and then take you
Make you and then break you

[Verse 1]
Looking out on the morning rain
I used to feel so uninspired
And when I knew I had to face another day
Lord, it made me feel so tired
Before the day I met you
Life was so unkind
And you're the key to my peace of mind

[Chorus]
'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman
(Woman)

[Verse 2]
When my soul was in the lost and found
You came along to claim it
I didn't know just what was wrong with me
Till your kiss helped me name it
Now I'm no longer doubtful of what I'm living for
And if I make you happy, I don't need to do more

[Chorus]
'Cause you make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman
(Woman)

[Verse 3]
Oh baby, what you've done to me (What you've done to me)
You made me feel so good inside (Good inside)
And I just wanna be (Wanna be)
Close to you, you make me feel so alive

[Chorus]
You make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman
(Woman)
You make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman
(Woman)
You make me feel
You make me feel
You make me feel like a natural woman
When I think of Johnny
I remember the spring
I remember his laughter
And the way he would sing

Oh, how I loved Johnny
With my heart I loved Johnny
Oh, how I loved Johnny
But he never knew

I prayed that he’d travel
Through the winter’s wild storm
And he’d kiss me and hold me
So close and so warm

Oh, how I loved Johnny
With my heart I loved Johnny
Oh, how I loved Johnny
But he never knew

He left with leaves falling
Falling dead to the ground
And no more will I ever
Hear his sweet laugh, laughing sound
Oh, how I loved Johnny
Oh, how I loved Johnny
Oh, how I loved Johnny
But he never, ever knew

He never knew
Never knew
Never
We gonna party, all night, let's go, alright, we gonna rock and roll, who wanna rock and roll
Party all night, let's go, alright, we gonna rock and roll, who wanna rock and roll

I'm in this bitch like i wanna rock right now
We so deep you motherfuckers might drown
I'm so fly tonight call me a night owl
I'm high as stars blue skies and white clouds
Talking about let's go crazy, let's go ladies, they all follow soon
...tell it, yeah it's a movie, watch the trailer if it don't float out both, pop the sailor
Party all night, party all night, a whole bunch of bitches this is the dog fight

Begin in the cream, you know off right, a whole lot of smoke, i need fog lights
Young money baby you can't hold me, you can't put me so you can't fold me
Lose your mind, out of control, i now pronounce you rock and roll, yeah

Party, all night, let's go, alright, we gonna rock and roll, who wanna rock and roll
Party all night, let's go, alright, we gonna rock and roll, who wanna rock and roll
If you see me walking down the street
And I start to cry each time we meet
Walk on by, walk on by

Make believe
That you don't see the tears
Just let me grieve
In private 'cause each time I see you
I break down and cry
And walk on by
(Don't stop)
And walk on by
(Don't stop)
And walk on by

I just can't get over losing you
And so if I seem broken and blue
Walk on by, walk on by

Foolish pride
Is all that I have left
So let me hide
The tears and the sadness you gave me
When you said goodbye
Walk on by
And walk on by
And walk by
(Don't stop)
Walk on by, walk on by
Foolish pride
Is all that I have left
So let me hide
The tears and the sadness you gave me
When you said goodbye
Walk on by
(Don't stop)
And walk on by
(Don't stop)
And walk by
(Don't stop)

[Beyonce:]
Every night I rush to my bed
With hopes that maybe I'll get a chance to see you
When I close my eyes
I'm going' outta my head
Lost in a fairytale
Can you hold my hands and be my guide

Clouds filled with stars cover your skies
And I hope it rains
You're the perfect lullaby
What kinda dream is this

[Chorus:]
You could be a sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare
Either way I, don't wanna wake up from you
Sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare
Somebody pinch me, your loves to good to be true
My guilty pleasure I ain't going no where
Baby long as you're here
I'll be floating on air cause you're my
You can be a sweet dream or a beautiful nightmare
Either way I, don't wanna wake up from you

[Nicki Minaj:]
Yo, young money right here
Bike here, throw it up, no high chair
Cold like a white bear
Freddie Kruger I'm a rap bitch nightmare
And I'm rich I could buy you
Kill bitches leave ya body in a bayou
More brain than an IQ
More head than a dread
And my bank account ain't hardly empty
So I come through in a Barbie Bentley
But please mamacita, please no envy
When you come around it reads no entry
Who's next to go
My flows so flexible
Get gassed get at me, Texaco
Shoot yourself in the leg, plexico
White jag with the twisted lip
I ain't Mike Jack but This is it!
Born born born everywhere
Your like balloon boy mama you was never there!
I am the kung fu panda
... propaganda
Good for the goose then it's good for the gander
Nicki ain't a rapper, nicki is a brander
Please you can never compare to me
All these bitches is scared of me
I am who they couldn't even dare to be
So that's all folks,..
I go hard pause
Hospital flow get more gauze
I'm a bad bitch on all fours
The president be like it's all yours
Weezy and Nicki bring the A-game, high stats
Go together like Ricky and his eye patch
Go together like a team in the gym
Kareem in the ring, the queen and the king

[Beyonce:]
Tattoo your name across my heart
So it will remain
Not even death can make us part
(No Ceilings)
What kind of dream is this!
You could be a sweet dr...

[Lil Wayne:]
Kush it out, red bone pussy mouth
Eat you up, spit you out
Fuck your girl in your house
I'm terrible be careful
You might want say a prayer or two
So cold I need theraflu
I'm so high I need parachutes
I'm error proof, I'm never spooked
Got my crew, heaven blue
And my flag red as hell, think your sweet as devils food
I never lose
My weapons use
Fuck with me wrong, shit get ugly, Devin Dude
And she's the queen
Two's a couple, three's a scene
Weezy that nigga that you see in your dreams
Get the pussy wet or be the springs, huh, I'm easter clean
Shout to my homegirl Mika Means
Anything we want we redeem
You niggas gassed up '93 supreme
Nicki Minaj is the hardest bitch
More than an artist bitch
She talk a whole lot of shit
And walk around like she President Carters bitch
She be on her Barbie shit
And me I'm on the carter 6
And I can turn crumbs to bricks
And I can turn nuns to tricks
Young mula baby
Fu-fuck your feelings
And this is No Ceilings
Yeah...
Lalalala, ohohohohoh, lalala (Lalalala)
Lalalala, ohohohohoh, lalala (Lalalala)

Hi baby, I wanna get into and you really wanna get down
I ain’t got nothing but to one o’clock, two o’clock, three o’clock, four o’clock
Five o’clock, six oclock, but (Yeah)
But if you ain’t doing nothing but jiving, I want you keep that
And the first thing I like to say about the way I like situation being for me is this

One drop of rain doesn’t make the sun run away
Don’t go breakin’ my heart, not baby (Don’t go breakin’ my heart, not baby)
Don’t go breakin’ my heart ’cause (Don’t go breakin’ my heart)
One falling leaf doesn’t make September in May
Don’t go breakin’ my heart, not baby (Don’t go breakin’, not baby)
Don’t go breakin’ my heart ’cause

I made a mistake, now must you make
A mountain out of a grain of sand?
Don’t throw love away 'cause I went astray for a while
Teach my heart, can you teach me how to smile?
Ohoho, one sad goodbye doesn’t mean that we can’t love again, baby (Baby)
Don’t go breakin’ my heart, not baby (Baby)
Don’t you go breakin’ my heart

Come to my arms (Arms)
Forever more stay in my arms (Come on, baby)
And give me your love (Give me your love)
Oh

Lalalala, ohohohohoh, lalala
Lalalala, ohohohohoh, lalala

Come to my arms (Arms)
Forever more stay in my arms (Come on, baby)
And give me your love (Give me your love)
Oh

Lalala...

Lalalala, ohohohohoh, lalala (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no)
Lalalala, ohohohohoh, lalala (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no)
Lalala... (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no)
Lalala... (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no)

Lalala... (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no)
Lalala... (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no)
Lalala... (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no)
Lalala... (Don’t go breaking my heart, dont go breaking my heart, no
I loved her fancy underwear
I set behind her every year
Waiting for the chance to get
To tell her I'm the one she should be with
Shes' popular with all the guys
So innocent in my eyes
I could see her in my life
She would've had the world if she was mine

But see she had other plans
I couldn't understand
Her and her stupid friends
Varsity's biggest fans
Never forget the day
She laughed and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all

She had it all figured out
But she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen,the prom queen
Is crying sitting outside of my door
She you never know how
How everything could turn around
Uhh
They loved her fancy underwear
Every boyfriend every year
She tried to keep em entertained
When they can hardly remember her name
She did everything she could just to
To make him love and treat her good
Just to find herself alone
Asking herself where did she go wrong-ong-ong

She didn't realise
She chased the type of guys
That don't believe in ties
Trying to apologise
Never forget the day
She laughed and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all

She had it all figured out
But she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen,the prom queen
Is crying sitting outside of my door
She you never know how
How everything could turn around
Get up!

She had it all figured out
But she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen,the prom queen
Is crying sitting outside of my door
She you never know how
How everything could turn around
Only you can hear my soul serenade...

I want to be free to fly away and sing to the world
About my soul... serenade!
My soul serenade...

When you're not around, there's a lonely sound
In my soul serenade...
In my soul serenade...

Everyone but you adores me
But oh, do you know pretty soon they bore me?
Let me tell you right now that they bore me!
They bore me with their pretty little words
Those pretty little words of devotion...
But, oh, let me tell you right now, my message to 'em this evening
Is they can jump in anybody's ocean!
Because only you hear my soul... my soul serenade!
My soul serenade...
Oh, my soul serenade....
My soul serenade...
I loved her fancy underwear
I set behind her every year
Waiting for the chance to get
To tell her I'm the one she should be with
Shes' popular with all the guys
So innocent in my eyes
I could see her in my life
She would've had the world if she was mine

But see she had other plans
I couldn't understand
Her and her stupid friends
Varsity's biggest fans
Never forget the day
She laughed and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all

She had it all figured out
But she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen,the prom queen
Is crying sitting outside of my door
She you never know how
How everything could turn around
Uhh
They loved her fancy underwear
Every boyfriend every year
She tried to keep em entertained
When they can hardly remember her name
She did everything she could just to
To make him love and treat her good
Just to find herself alone
Asking herself where did she go wrong-ong-ong

She didn't realise
She chased the type of guys
That don't believe in ties
Trying to apologise
Never forget the day
She laughed and walked away
And I couldn't stop her
I guess she had it all

She had it all figured out
But she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen,the prom queen
Is crying sitting outside of my door
She you never know how
How everything could turn around
Get up!

She had it all figured out
But she left me with a broken heart
Fucked around and turned me down
Cause she didn't think I could play the part
But now the prom queen,the prom queen
Is crying sitting outside of my door
She you never know how
How everything could turn around
(All of these things I want to be
All of these things I want to be) Lord, I want to be
(All of these things I want to be) To you

I wanna be sun that shines for you every morning
Let me be the moon that shines for you every night, oh
I wanna be there, baby, when the world puts you out
Just lo let you know, baby, everything is alright

I wanna be, I wanna be the sun that shines for you every morning
Honey, let me be the moon that shines for you every night
Oh, I wanna be there, I wanna be there when the world gets you out
Just lo let you know that every doggone thing’s alright

(All of these things I want to be
All of these things don’t you know I want to be) Every little thing, I want you to let me be to you, baby
(All of these things I want to be) To you

All of these things, all of these things, all of these things
Oh, all of these things I want to be to you, baby
All of these things, ooh, all of these things
All of these things, oh, let me do it for you, baby
All of these things, all of these things
If I can’t be all of these things to you, then just let me be a few
Let me be some of these to you, baby, oh, oh, oh
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Girl, I got to go

[Yeah, yeah, yeah]
I got to go now, really
Yeah, I'm kinda in a hurry

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Uh-huh, here?s the reason why

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...hoo...ooh...hoo...shabba, dooda, la, dwee, da)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo)
(Dwee, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, dwee)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Jump, jump, jump to it (Hee...baby, baby)
My baby loves me
He told me that
And I never question
That point or fact

There is no fighting
Scandal or shame
Uh, he really moves me
Drives me insane

I can't talk to you now, girl, I got love to get
When my baby calls I got jump to it
I'm in a hurry, there's love to get
When my baby calls I jump, jump, jump to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...ooh...huh...huh...huh...)

I just can't wait till
Today at four
That?s when my sweet thing
Said he would call

Please don't keep me waitin'
It's 3:59
Ring-ding, hello, baby
Girl, I can't talk to you now, I got love to give
When my baby calls I got jump to it
I'm in a hurry, there's love to get
When my baby calls I jump, jump, jump, to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...yeah...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, now)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I got to zip and I jump, jump, jump to it, oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it, oh...ho...huh...)

Now Kelly 

[Jump to it]
You know when we talk we have a lot of fun, don't we, girl
Dishin' out the dirt on everybody
And givin' each other the 411 on who drop kicked who this week
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout

When my baby call, shout dee, dee, dee, dee 

[Jump to it]
Ooh...oh...ho...
When my baby calls, sha, wee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee
Dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, uh-huh

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Yeah yeah yeah]
Ooh...ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...hoo...uh...

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Oh...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Yeah, yeah, yeah]
Huh

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Hoo...hoo...boy, and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump to it (Oh...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really skip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh, boy)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ho...ho...and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh, when my baby calls)

Jump, jump, jump to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Uh-huh, yeah, and I jump and I jump and I jump)
(Jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump to it)
(Ooh...yeah...) Jump, jump, jump to it (Hey...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
I wouldn't care if u was a dirty dog and that u hit every chick that u ever called c it wouldn't make a differnece cuz thats just way benneath me and u boy.c u dont ever have 2 worry bout me i promise 2 keep it real whatevers on my mind im a speak on how i feel stay truthful 2 and never lie 2u and i won't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever

Girl You Kno Wut I Mean Yea
Well If Ya Dont Then Ill Explain
You Can Be My Misses Wayne
We Can Do The Dam Thang..And Thangs
You See I Had To Tell My Nigga Lil Boy
I Met A Girl Like You
Cuz I Ain't Never Met Another Girl Like You
But I Know Wut To Do Wit A Girl Like You
Three letters...I Do
I Wouldn't Care If You Were a Prostitute and
That You Hit Every Man That You Ever Knew
It Wouldn't Make A Difference
If That Was Way Before Me And You Girl
See You Dont Ever Have To Worry About Me
As Long As You Keep It Real
Whatevers On Yo Mind
Speak On How You Feel
Stay Truthful To Me
And Never Lie To Me
And Dont Ever Keep No Secrets
No Matter Wutever Nahh
Boy u see dat i have changed yea well if u dont then i'll explain im the real misses wayne all them other chicks is lame & u see i had 2 tell my rockstar crew that i met a man like cuz i ain't never met a man like u but i know what 2do with a youngin like u 3letters..i do i wouldn't care if u was a dirty dog and that u hit every chick that u ever called c it wouldn't make a differnece cuz thats just way benneath me and u boy.c u dont ever have 2 worry bout me i promise 2 keep it real whatevers on my mind im a speak on how i feel stay truthful 2 and never lie 2 and i won't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever

Girl You Kno Wut I Mean Yea

(Dam Lyk Foreal Tho Babygirl
You Ain't Gotta Keep No Secrets
Its Me And You Gotta Keep It Real)

Ya Boy

(Yo Pussy Is Like A Drug To Me
Ya I Be Feeinin
F**k if i could sing
Dam If Only I Could Sing
Help Me Out Lil Bru)

(Talk:)
I Love It Babe Ye
I Love It Babe Dont You Know
I Love It Babe I Really Did
I Love It Babe Like Young Jeezy
I Love It Babe Ye
I Love It Babe (x3)

I Wouldn't Care If You Was A Prostitute
And That You Hit Every Man That You Ever Knew
See It Wouldn't Make A Difference
If That Was Way Before Me And You Babe
See You Dont Ever Have To Worry About Me
As Long As You Keep It Real
Whatevers On Yo Mind
Speak On How You Feel
Stay Truthful to me
And Never Lie To Me
And Dont Ever Keep No Secrets
No Matter Wutever
Boy u see dat i have changed yea well if u dont then i'll explain c i'll give up this fame cuz im ready 2 walk the ale and have the preacher change my name. yea now wats happein weezy wats happein weezy u know u need 2role wit the baddest chick weezy n everytime i c u i get so weak weezy like... thats my weezy yea i wouldn't care if u was a dirty dog and that u hit every chick that u ever called c it wouldn't make a differnece cuz thats just way benneath me and u boy.c u dont ever have 2 worry bout me i promise 2 keep it real whatevers on my mind im a speak on how i feel stay truthful 2 and never lie 2u and i won't ever keep no secrets no matter whatever
At last, at last, at last my love has come along
My lonely days are over and life is like a song, ooh
At last the skies above are blue
My heart was wrapped in clover the night I looked, I looked at you

I found me a dream, a dream that I can speak to
A dream that I, that I could call my own
I found me a thrill, oho, that I could press my cheek to
A thrill that I, that I, I've never known

You smiled and then the spell was cast
And everything, everything is like Heaven
And you are mine at last
I can't believe you are mine at last

[Intro]
She cries

[Verse 1]
When a heart needs healing, oh, who do you call?
The good Lord, you know, He's heard them all
I didn't want to get Him involved
With this little problem of mine

[Verse 2]
Since you left I've had no one else
I've been sitting by the window just waiting for help
I believe He shares the pain I felt
'Cause He's shown me a sign, yeah

[Chorus]
An angel cries in the sky tonight
With a twinkle and a tear in her eyes
An angel cries in the sky tonight
Though you're gone and said goodbye, oh yeah
She cries

[Verse 3]
Oh, Mister Moon, I've seen it's just half full
It's part of it missing 'cause he misses you too
He said I look up just the way mine do
Guess I'm not alone in missing your love, ooh

[Chorus]
An angel cries in the sky tonight
With a twinkle and a tear in her eyes
An angel cries in the sky tonight
Though you're gone and said goodbye, oh, oh yeah
She cries

[Bridge]
I think he's trying to tell me
That he understands what I'm going through
When a heart gets broken down here below
Heaven feels a little sorrow too, oh oh

[Chorus]
Ooh, an angel cries in the sky tonight
With a twinkle and a tear in her eyes
An angel cries in the sky tonight
Though you're gone and said goodbye
An angel cries in the sky tonight
With a twinkle and a tear in her eyes, oh oh
An angel cries in the sky tonight
Though you're gone and said goodbye, yeah
An angel cries in the sky tonight
An angel cries with a tear in her eyes
An angel cries in the sky tonight
An angel cries, ooh, in the sky tonight, oh yeah

[Outro]
Yeah, yeah, come back
(Come back baby, come back) Pretty doggone made
(Come back baby, come back) Ooh baby, come back
(Come back baby, come back) Baby baby, sweet thing
(Come back baby, come back) Oh baby
Let me walk this road of life with you
Step by step, uphill or down
No matter where it's leading to

Reach out and take my hand
If you should find a hill along the way too steep to climb
Lean on me, I'll never let you fall
Oh, lean on me, I'll keep you standing tall

Ooooh (Together we'll make it)
Mmmm (Together we'll make it)

Let me dream the dreams that you dream of
Big or small, together we could make them all come true, my love

Dream, dream the impossible with all of your heart
But if you look around and find that dreams are falling apart
Lean on me, I ain't gonna let you fall
Ooh, eh, lean on me, I'll keep you standing tall

Yes, I will, oooh, hear me now (Together we'll make it)
Hear me now (Together we'll make it)
Yes, we will
Hear me darling, take my hand if you should find
A hill along the way too steep to climb
Oooh, lean on me, baby, I'll never let you fall
Ooohooohooo, lean on me, I'll keep you standing tall

Oooh (Together we'll make it)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Together we'll make it)
Together we'll make it, baby (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)

Yes, we will, yes, we will (Baby, we'll make it)
Right on, right on, right on (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Right on, yes, we will, now (Baby, we'll make it)
People knows we're gonna found (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)

Because because (Together we'll make it)
Together we gonna make it (Yes, we will, yes, we will, yes, we will)
Yeah, yeaheaheaheah
Never knew the softness of his tender kiss
Don't know if he's weak or strong
All I know is he's in every dream I dream
All night long

Mmm, never heard him speak a single word of love
Never knew his favorite song
Because he only speaks to me in dreams I dream
All night long

When I'm asleep
He tells me he's in love with me
And how much he needs me to be near
But at best, a dream is just a fantasy
If I touch his hand, he'll disappear

No, no, no, no, no

No, I don't need a lover that's just a memory
Fate, how could you be so wrong?
Now I've got to find a man who's haunting me
All night long
All night long
All night long
All night long
I see your dirty face, high behind your  pussy stache nigga
Collar
What is done in vain, truth is hard to swallow
So you pray to God
To justify the way you live a lie, live a lie, live a lie
And you take your time and you do your crime
Well you made your bed, I'm in mine

[Chorus]
Because when I arrive
I bring the fire, make you come alive
I can take you higher what this is, forgot?
I must now remind you let it rock, let it rock, let it rock

Now the son's disgraced
He, who knew his father
When he cursed his name
Turned, and chased the dollar
But it broke his heart
So he stuck his middle finger
To the world, to the world to the world
And you take your time and you stand in line
Well you'll get what's yours, I got mine

[Chorus]
Yeah! Wayne's world
Planet Rock, panties drop
And the tops and she gonna rock 'til the camera stop
And I sing about angels like Angela (rock) and Pamela (rock)
And Samantha (rock) and Amanda and Tamara
I'm in here up like bitch what's up
Mechanic, me, I can fix you up
I can fuck you up, I can fuck you down
Shorty we can go wherever just pick a town
And the jewelry is louder than an engine sound
Big ass rocks like on the ground
Dirty like socks that's on the ground, Weezy

[Chorus: x2]
Just let it rock
Let it rock, let it rock, let it rock, let it rock

I'm back like I forgot something, I'm something
Rollin' Rock rubbing rap running
Miles like I'm trying to get a flat stomach
Like Wayne the personal trainer
My aim is perfect I'll fuck ya, period, like the reminder

I wish I could be, as cruel as you
And I wish I could say, the things you do
But I can't and I won't live a lie, no not this time
I don’t need no diamonds (She don’t need)
And I don’t need no money (She don’t need, she don’t)
Some people live in castles with sixty or seventy rooms (She don’t)
Some people dream about a penthouse doll or a mansion on the moon

But I got me a little one room paradise
And the man I love (And the man I love)
And that’s all I need now
And the man I love (And the man I love)

Some girls are crazy about diamonds (Diamonds)
Some go wild about perls (Go wild)
Some girls go for a lot of loot from a check book that ain’t hers (Sho’ ain’t hers)

But I got me a little one room to paradise
And the man I love (And the man I love)
And that’s all I need now
And the man I love (And the man I love)

Now, if one day he lucks up on a magic pot of gold (Pot of gold)
I wouldn’t mind a little diamond ring or a fur coat for the cold (Oooh!)
But if it meant I had to lose just what I’ve got right now (Right now)
Then I don’t need no gold anyhow (No, no!)
I can’t make love with no diamonds (Diamonds)
Give them all to somebody else (Anybody)
And what good is one hundred rooms if you’re debtor by yourself (Yes, you)

So I’ll take me my little one room paradise
And the man I love (And the man I love)
Well, that’s all I need now
And the man I love (And the man I love)

I don’t need no diamonds (She don’t need no diamonds)
Said I don’t need no money (She don’t need no money, she don’t)

[Verse]
Lead, lead, lead me on to the light
Oh, take my hand, precious Lord
And lead your child home
When my, when my way goes dreary
Precious Lord, please linger near
And oh, oh, when my, when my life is almost, almost gone
Father, Father, Father hear my cry, Lord
And oh, hear my call, and hold, hold my, hold my hand
Peace of Jesus lest I fall
Oh, take my hand, precious Lord
And lead me, lead, lead me on

[Verse 1]
People, people who need people
Are the luckiest people in the world
We're children, needing other children
And yet letting our grown-up pride
Hide all the need inside
Acting more like children than children

[Verse 2]
Lovers are very special people
Because they're the luckiest people in the world
With one person, one very special person
A feeling deep in your soul
Says you were half, now you're whole
No more hunger and thirst
But first be a person who needs people

[Verse 3]
People who need people
Are the luckiest people in the world
With one person, one very special person
A feeling deep in your soul
Says you were half, now you're whole
No more hunger and thirst
But first be a person who needs people

[Outro]
You have got to need people
They're the luckiest people in the world

[Verse 1]
If you ever change your mind
About leaving, about leaving me behind
Oh, oh, oh, bring it to me
Bring your sweet lovin'
Bring it on home to me, yeah, yeah

[Verse 2]
You know that I laughed
I laughed when you left
But oh, oh, baby, I know I only hurt myself, yes I did
Oh, oh, bring it to me
Bring your sweet lovin'
Bring it on home to me, on home to me

[Bridge]
I'll give you every dollar, yeah
And a whole lot of money, too
But you blew it, baby, you didn't know
That ain't all I'll do for you, yeah
You oughta bring it to me
Get yourself together, come on home, baby
Come on give your lovin' to me, yeah, yeah
Come on home to me, yeah
Come on, come on home now
Yeah, come on home, home, baby

[Instrumental Break]

[Verse 3]
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you don't know
That I'll always be your slave
Until they lay me down, and I'm buried in my grave, oh baby
You know you oughta come on home
You oughta come on home and bring
Bring it on back now, bring it on home to me
Mmm, bring it on home to me, yeah, I got it

[Outro]
You know I tried
I really tried to treat you right
But you thought more of your partners
You stayed out with and playing with all day and night
But I've got it
You know you oughta come on home, think about it
Come on home, bring it on home
They ain't got nothin' to give ya
Bring it on home to me, yeah
And bring it on home to me
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah
And bring it on home to me
They can't help you, baby
You know you oughta bring it
Oh, oh, oh, home to me
Oh, yeah, you oughta bring it on home
Bring it on home to me
My reality is bigger than your dreams are
Got ya dream girl ridin' in ya dream car
She wants me, she wants me
Cause I got it all
Bitch tell me what you don't see yeah
My reality is bigger than ya dreams are
Got ya dream girl ridin' in your dream car
She wants me cause I got it all Bitch tell me what you don't see
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
My reality is bigger than your dreams are
Got ya dream girl ridin' in your dream car
She wants me, she wants me
Cause I got it all
Bitch tell me what you don't see

I got 25 lighters on the dresser
Got a girl and a girl to undress her
My guitar strap is leather
My life is better than ever
I got women all up in my condo
And my drug dealer comes pronto
Got a registered pistol in the console
So, so, don't try me now
Don't try me now
Now

[Lil Wayne]
Fo' fo' bulldog, my motherfucking pet
I point it at you and tell that motherfucker fetch
I'm fucking her good, she got her legs on my neck
I get pussy, mouth and ass, call it triple threat
When I was in jail she let me call her collect
But if she get greedy, I'ma starve her to death
Top down, it's upset, been fucking the world and nigga I ain't come yet
You fuck with me wrong, I knock your head off your neck
The flight too long, I got a bed on the jet
The guns are drawn and I ain't talking bout a sketch
I pay these niggas with a reality check
Prepare for the worst but still praying for the best
This game is a bitch I got my hand up her dress
The money don't sleep so Weezy can't rest
An AK47 is my fucking address, huh

[Rick Ross]
I'm not a star, somebody lied I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car

[Lil Wayne]
Load up the choppers like it's December 31st
Roll up and cock it and hit them where it hurts
Cause if I die today, remember me like John Lennon
Buried in Louis, I'm talking all brown linen, huh

[Rick Ross]
Big black, and an icey watch
Shoes on the coupe, that got a Nike shop
Counts the profits you could bring 'em in a Nike box
Grinding in my Jordans kick em off they might high, swish!
I'm swimming in a yellow bitch, boss
In the red 911 looking devilish
Red beam make a nigga sit down
Thought it were bullet proof till he got hit the fifth time
Drop ?
Make it come back even harder than before
Baby I'm the only one that paid your car notes
Well connected I got killers in Chicago

[Rick Ross]
I'm not a star, somebody lied I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car
I got a chopper in the car

[Lil Wayne]
Load up the choppers like it's December 31st
Roll up and cock it and hit them where it hurts
Cause if I die today, remember me like John Lennon
Buried in Louis, I'm talking all brown linen, huh

[Lil Wayne]
Talk stupid get ya head popped
I got that Esther, bitch I'm red fox
Big b's, Red Sox
I get money to kill time, dead clocks
Your fucking with a nigga who don't give a fuck
Empty the clip, then roll the window up
Pussy niggas sweet, you niggas cinnabun
I'm in a red bitch, she said she finna come
200 thou on a chain, I don't need a piece
That banana clip, let Chiquita speak
Dark shades, Eazy E
Five letters, YMCMB
Bitch ass Nigga, pussy ass nigga
I see ya looking, with your looking-ass nigga
You know the rules, kill em all and keep moving
If I died today it'd be a holiday

[Rick Ross]
I'm not a star, somebody lied I got a chopper in the car
So don't make it come alive
Rip ya apart than I put myself together
YMCMB, double M, we rich forever
The bigger the bullet the more that bitch gon bang
Red on the wall, Basquiat when I paint
Red Lamborghini till I gave it to my bitch
My first home invasion, pocket gain and 40 bricks
Son of a bitch, than I made a great escape
Ain't it funny momma, only son be baking cakes
Pull up in the sleigh, hop out like I'm santa claus
Niggas gather round, I got gifts for all of y'all
Take it home and let it bubble thats the double up
If you get in trouble that just mean you fucking up
It's a cold World I need a bird to cuddle up
I call the plays, muthaf-ck huddle up

[Lil Wayne]
I'm not a star, somebody lied, I got a chopper in the car
Yeah
Nobody knows except my pillow at night
All through the day how many tears I have to fight
Oh when I'm all alone yeah
I just cry like a baby
I cry like a baby
Oh I cry
I cry
Oh yeah

Nobody sees except my mirror on the wall
I'm not the fairest I'm the bluest of them all
And, Oh
When I'm all alone yeah
I just cry like a baby
I cry like a baby
I cry
I cry
Oh yeah

Each day I say tomorrow will be my lucky day
Ah ha yeah
And my pillow will be surprised when I come home with a glad eye
And the mirror on the wall will see that I am happy one more (?)
No more nights staring at daddy's chair
Because I know that you will be standing there
Oh oh, when I'm alone I won't

Cry like a baby
Cry like a baby

Oh yeah
Said I won't cry
I won't cry like a baby
Wooo hooo no
Oh ho yeah
I said that I ha
Oh look, just look at me
I'm as helpless as a kitten up a tree
I feel like I'm clingin' to a cloud
I can' t understand
Why I get misty, holding your hand

Walk my way
And a thousand violins begin to play
Or is it the sound of your hello dear
That music I hear
Oh why I get misty, whenever you're near

You can see that you're leading me on?
But it's just, just what I want you to do
Can I help it, how hopelessly I'm lost
That's why I'm following you

And on my own, see on my very own
That I wander through this great big wide world all alone
Never knowing my right hand from my left
My hat from my glove
I'm too misty, too much in love
I say I'm just too misty
Very very very much in love

[Verse 1]
My darling, ooh darling
How long I've been waiting for you
Need your touch
Love me? How much?
Just trust me
We both knew this would be

[Chorus]
Darling, oh darling
Darling, you are first
Your touching, oh I'm blushing
You're the water that quenches my thirst

[Verse 2]
I felt you near, and now you're here
Kissed from above
Darling, this is our love
My open arms
I'm waiting here to be held close
Let go of all of your fears

[Chorus]
My darling, ooh darling
Honey, you are first
Your touching, oh I'm blushing
You're the water that quenches my thirst

[Verse 3]
I know who you are
I understand
I love what I see
A prince and king of a man
My open arms
Darling, if you're mine, I am yours
My darling, ooh darling
How long I've waited for you
I need your touch
Love me? How much?
Just trust me
We both knew that this would be

[Outro]
We're holding on
Darling, be strong
A mountain climb
I know it's rocky sometimes
An equal love we hold so dear
It's real, my love, oh, I wish you were here
My darling, ooh darling
You are, you are worth waiting for
With every taste I want more
For surely my life's sweet
This is no trick, ooh, I am your treat
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah
Ooh, I am your treat
Love you deeply, so completely
Stop risking everything, baby, damn
You don't have to, it's been me and you
You don't realize you are and I am
You are my life
Darling, darling, oh darling
I'm so glad you're here
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
When Jesus washed
Oh when He washed
Oh when He washed
Washed my sins away
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
When Jesus washed
Oh when He washed
And then He washed
Washed my sins away
Oh it is a happy day
He taught me how
To watch watch and pray
Watch and pray
And live rejoicing everyday
Everyday
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
When jesus washed
Oh when He washed
Oh when He washed
Washed my sins away
Oh it is a happy day
He taught me how
To watch watch and pray
Watch and pray
And live rejoicing everyday
Everyday
Oh happy day
Oh it is a happy day
Oh it is a happy day
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
Oh happy happy day
On it is a happy day
And when I will get to Heaven
Will be a happy day
Oh happy happy day
Oh it is a Happy day
Oh my Lord have mercy
When I will get to Heaven
Oh happy happy day
Oh it is a happy day
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
When Jesus washed
Oh when He washed
When Jesus washed
Washed my sins away
On it is a happy day
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
Oh happy day
Forever, my darling, our love will be true
Always and forever I'll love only you
Just promise me, darling, your love in return
May this fire in my soul dear forever burn

My heart's at your command, dear, to keep love and to hold
Making you happy is my desire, keeping you is everything of my goal
And I'll forever, ever, ever love you the rest of my days
I'm not gonna, not gonna part from you on your loving ways

I looked at the face of the clock on the wall
But it doesn't tell me, it takes time but it doesn't tell me nothing at all
Face of the clock just stares at me, yeah
It knows I'm lonely, how I am, and how I always will be

I want to cry, cry my heart out
I want my baby back with me
There's nothing but time to give out
Time doesn't mean anything to me

Oh, if you hear me, come on back real soon, baby
Because this clock and I, oh, yeah, we're so lonely in this room
Oh, lonely, lonely, lonely in this room
When I get at night, baby, so lonely in this room
Lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, so lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely in this room
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
It's an ever changing time
I see, that clock upon the wall
Well it don't bother me at all
It's an ever changing time

And me, ever changing time
Everything is going so much faster
It seems like I'm
Watching my life, and everything I do
Wonder if the dreams that I believed in
Still come true

Caught in between, it comes back to
You and me running out of time, I gotta find me a better understanding
Everything keeps forgetting what's mine, I gotta find me a way, less-demanding
And we're holding on so tight, together, all of our lives

And I, I had some big idea
So much of my life, still not completed
Hopes and Fears
Watching it change, into something new
Wondering it I'm gonna find the answer, loving you
All of my life, it comes back to
You and me running out of time, I gotta find me a better understanding
Everything keeps forgetting whats mine, I gotta find me a way, less-demanding
And we're holding on so tight, together, all of our lives

I see, that clock upon the wall, well it don't bother me at all
It's a ever changing time
I see, that clock upon the wall, well it don't bother me at all
It's a ever changing time

All of my life, it comes back to
You and me running out of time, I gotta find me a better understanding
Everything keeps forgetting what's mine, I gotta find me a way, less-demanding
And we're holding on so tight, together
And we're gonna be alright, together, all of our lives

I see, that clock upon the wall, well it don't bother me at all
It's a ever changing time
I see, that clock upon the wall, well it don't bother me at all
It's a ever changing time
I see, that clock upon the wall, well it don't bother me at all
It's a ever changing time
I see, that clock upon the wall, well it don't bother me at all
It's a ever changing time
I see, that clock upon the wall, well it don't bother me at all
It's a ever changing time
Rock steady, baby - That's what I feel now;
Let's call this song exactly what it is...

Step n' move your hips with a feelin' from side to side;
Sit yourself down in your car and take a ride...
And while you're movin', rock steady, rock steady, baby;
Let's call this song exactly what it is...
(What it is, what it is, what it is...)
It's a funky and low down feelin'
(What it is...) In my hips from left to right;
(What it is...) What it is is I might be doin'
(What it is...) This funky dance all night....
Oh, oh! (Clap your hands in the air! Got a feelin', ain't got a care!)
Oh-ah! (What fun to take this ride! Rock steady will only slide!)

Rock steady! Rock steady, baby
Rock steady! Rock steady, baby

Step n' move your hips with a feelin' from side to side;
Sit yourself down in your car and take a ride...
And while you're movin', rock steady, rock steady;
Let's call this song exactly what it is...
(What it is, what it is, what it is...)
It's a funky and low down feelin'
(What it is...) In my hips from left to right;
(What it is...) What it is is I might be doin'
(What it is...) This funky dance all night....
Oh-ah! (Clap your hands in the air! Got a feelin', ain't got a care!)
Oh-ah! (What fun to take this ride! Rock steady will only slide!)
Rock steady, baby!
Rock steady... whoo! Rock steady...

Rock! Steady!
Rock! Steady!

(What it is...) It's a funky and low down feelin'
(What it is...) In my hips from left to right;
(What it is...) What it is is I might be doin'
(What it is...) This funky dance all night....
Oh, ah! (Clap your hands in the air! Got a feelin', ain't got a care!)
Oh-ah! (What fun to take this ride! Rock steady will only slide!)

Rock steady! Steady it, baby!
Rock... rock steady, baby...
Baby... (What it is...)
Baby, baby... (What it is...)
Baby... (What it is...)
Baby...
Take me to heart and I'll always love you
And nobody can make me do wrong
Take me for granted, leaving love unsure
Makes will power weak and temptation strong
A woman's only human
You should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood just like her man
If you wanna 'do right all day' woman
(Do right, do right, do right, do right)
(Woman)
You've gotta be a 'do right all night' man
(Do right, do right, do right, do right)
(Man)
Yeah, yeah, they say that it's a man's world
But you can't prove that by me
And as long as we're together, baby
Show some respect for me
If you wanna 'do right all day' woman
(Do right, do right, do right, do right)
(Woman)
You've gotta be a 'do right all night' man
(Do right, do right, do right, do right)
(Man)
A woman's only human
Yes, you should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood just like her man
If you wanna 'do right all day' woman
(Do right, do right, do right, do right)
You've gotta be a 'do right all night' man
Gotta be a 'do right all night' man
Take me to heart
And I'll always love you
And nobody can make me do wrong
Take me for granted
Leaving love unshown
Makes will power weak
And temptation strong

A woman's only human
You should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood
Just like her man

If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All night man

Yeah, yeah
They say that it's a man's world
But you can't prove that by me
And as long as we're together baby
Show some respect for me
If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All night man

A woman's only human
This you should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood
Just like her man

If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All nights man
You've gotta be a do right
All nights man

[Spoken Intro]
A little something that we're experimenting with tonight
So we hope you enjoy it as much as we're going to enjoy doing it

[Verse 1]
Tell me how can you get through
When you can't remember who you're talking to
Your concentration is just slippin' away
Because your baby is so far away

[Chorus]
And the rose in a fisted Glove
And the eagle flies with the dove
And if you can't be with the one you love
Why don't you love the one you're with
Why don't you love the one you're with

Yeah, it's alright, ain't it?

[Verse 2]
Don’t be angry (Don’t be)
Baby, don’t be sad (Don’t be)
Don’t sit back top thinking about some goods that you had
There’s a boy sitting next to you
Why don’t you check him out, see what he wants to get into

[Chorus]
There’s a rose in a fisted glove
And the eagle flies with the dove
And if you can’t be with the one that you love
Why don’t you love the one you’re with
Love the one you’re with
Yeah, it’s alright, ain't it? Ha ha

[Bridge]
Dah-dah
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah-dah, dah-dah-dah, hey

Love the one you’re with
Love the one, love the one you’re with
Love the one

[Verse 3]
Don’t be angry (Don’t be)
Don’t be sad (Don’t be)
Don’t sit back fooling about some good times you had
Because there’s a boy, standing right next to you
And you don’t know what he wants to get into
Check him out

[Chorus]
There’s a rose in a fisted glove
And the eagle flies with the dove
And if you can’t be with the one you love
Why don’t you love the one you’re with
Love the one you’re with
Love the one you’re with, yeah
Love the one you’re with, mmm

You ought to love
The one you’re with (Why don’t you)
You ought to love (Why don’t you)
The one that you’re with (Why don’t you)
Why don’t you love (Why don’t you)
The one you’re with (Why don’t you)
You ought to love (Why don’t you)
The one you’re with (Why don’t you)
Oooooh
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah-dah, dah-dah-dah, huh

You ought to love (Why don’t you)
The one you’re with (Why don’t you)
Why don’t you love (Why don’t you)
The one that you’re with (Why don’t you)
You ought to love (Why don’t you)
Love the one you’re with (Why don’t you)
Tell me why don’t you (Why don’t you)
Love the one you’re with (Why don’t you)
Oooooh
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah-dah
Dah-dah-dah, dah-dah-dah

[Outro]
Thank you for making me feel real good
Young money mothaf**ka
Uhh huh
Thats right
Now dont you know
Ima beast
Eastside
Up in tha beat

||Verse 1||
Straight from the bottom of the cut
I give it to these bitch niggas like momma taught me
One man with no weopon at war, but im an army
My flow is capital attention lieutenant your penit pension
And they demolished that invention
You better get your dollars up
And guess what, i was up
I get my cheese like mickey mouse
Or else you better donald duck
Like a shooting range target
I get all kinda bucks
Be my shooting range target
Nigga i got good luck
Nigga bye bye good luck
Got your momma shook up
Lil bad ass nigga, who thought popeye wasn't tough
Im on that lala twist it up
Im on that syrup slow it down
And i like four freeks too, and i ain't young jock but its going down
I buy that marijuana field, then i just smoke it down
Big bad wolf yes i just blow it down
No homo and to holly grove i will hold it down
Like a circle of knives i got the sharpest flow around
||Chorus||
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know they can't f**k with me cuz im da center of tha world)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)

Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know they can't f**k with me cuz im da center of tha world)

||Verse 2||
Bitch im Mack Maine
I got tha heart of a king, blood of a slave
Feel like i been there before, my second time to the grave
But its one life to live, thats why im gettin paid
Off a flow thats priceless, i just got it appraised
Spit like i need a raise
Blaze as i gaze, at the stars and ask the lord
Why the culprit at the pall pit
It make me sick to my stomach
Thats why i rap, like a pregnant woman i dont spit i vomit
So pay homage me and wayne two G's
Like twenty hundreds
And we keep the semi's blunted
And we live like brothas from anotha
So f**k with him and mack gonna react like you did me something
Thats a hint to you David
Throwin shots at Goliath
This the new testament, where the victor is tha giant
So you should get your way and lose the hate
Remember males shouldn't be jealous, thats a females trait
||Chorus||
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know they can't f**k with me cuz im da center of tha world)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know)
Future(I know they can't f**k with me cuz im da center of tha world)
Knew you'd be a vision in white
How'd you get your pants so tight?
Don't know what you're doin'
But you must be livin' right
Yeah!

Oh, we got some places to see
I brought all the maps with me
So jump in, it ain't no sin
Take a ride in my machine

City traffic's movin' way too slow
Drop the pedal and go...go...go!

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?
Never you mind the exit signs
We got lots of time
We can't quit 'til we get
To the other side
Ah-hah ah-hah

With the radio playin' our song
We keep rollin' along
Who knows how far a car can get
Before you think about your love slowin' down, yeah

City traffic's movin' way too slow

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?
Oh yeah!

Here we go (here we go, here we go, here we go)
One more time
With the wind and
Your fingers in my hair
Kinda think we're going for an extended
Throwdown...
So drop the top baby
And let's cruise on into
'It's better than ever Street'
City traffic's movin' way too slow

We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac
We're goin' ridin' on the freeway of love
Wind's against our backs
Ain't we ridin' on the freeway of love
In my pink Cadillac?

What I want you to do baby (freeway of love)
Get over in the left lane
And let's march for peace, aw yeah (freeway of love)
Take the long exit...
And then again around town (freeway of love)
Go on over to Love and Satisfaction
And Joy y'all, well (freeway of love)
Oh...ain't we ridin' baby
Ain't we cruisin' down

(Free) Free (Free) Free (Free) Free (Free---way)
Go on out to
Oww... (Free)(Free)(Free) (Free---way)
"Let's be good to each other" Street'
Well (freeway of love)
See that little landmark over there?
A whole lotta kisses and sweet stuff (freeway of love)
We'll be just about...oh..oh...oh...it's Satisfaction Road, yeah
(Free)(Free)(Free) (Free---way)
Satisfaction, Yeah
Yes, it's love, so much love
You are the one

I can't admit that I was wrong
Took you for granted now I'm all alone
It was so silly all the things we say
And all the words of pain runnin' through my head

If I had the chance I'd let you know
I'll tell you that I never want you to go
These tears I cry won't let me rest
Till you return

There's not one day that goes by
That I don't cry for you
There's not one day that goes by
That I'm not singing the blues

There's not one day that goes by
That I don't wish it could work
And it's tearing me up inside
Every little bit hurts
It hurts, oh baby, you know you hurt me

I can't believe that you would leave me
I always thought you would stand by me
The thought of you in another arms
Is very slowly tearing me apart

What can I do to make you see?
Everything you need is here with me
I really miss the things that we used to build
And don't you miss the way I used to love you?

There's not one day that goes by
That I don't cry for you
There's not one day that goes by
That I'm not singing the blues

There's not one day that goes by
That I don't wish it could work
And it's tearing me up inside
Every little bit hurts

You used to kiss me
You used to hold me
You used to love me
You used to touch me
All night long you made everything alright
But now you're gone and I'm all alone
Things have stayed the same
And all I'm really tryin' to say, I'm the one to blame

There's not one day that goes by
That I don't cry for you
There's not one day that goes by
That I'm not singing the blues

There's not one day that goes by
That I don't wish it could work
And it's tearing me up inside
Every little bit hurts
(feat. Currency & Remy Ma)

[Intro]
You Catch My Girl Legs Open Betta Smash That
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At

[Hook]
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At

[Verse 1: Currency]
Bitches Come A Dime A Dozen, I Fuck 'Em Sistas Cuzzins
Its A Revolver Dawg Pussy Go And Pussy Comin
And When It Go To You Its Comin Back To Me Wit Money
I Told Her Put Some Shoes On And Keep My Paper Runnin
I Put My Mack, Downnnn Just Like A G Supposed To
And If She Dont Come Home Wit It Than She Sleepin Over
I Got Her Creepin Over, We Do It Than Its Over
I Like Them A'Maries, You Can Have Them Momma Rostas
Them Niggas Down Below Us, Baby We Up And Over
Im Tryin To Get Inside That Thang That Sit Between Ya Shoulders
Im Talkin Large Totals, Im Talkin Large Motives
Im Talkin Burner Rubber That Melted Pirelli Odor
Im Hoppin Out Unoticed, You Lookin At My Biiitch
You Wanna Holla You Can Holla Take Her On A Trip
But When The Deed'S Done, You Gotta Send Her Back...

[Hook]
...Dont Be Suprised If She Asked Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I Got A Bitch In The Back, Gotta A Hoe In The Front
Got Purp In The Dutch, Got Purp In The Cup
I Tell Her, Get Ya Money Hoe Or Just Stop Breathing
Cuz If It Ain't About That Doe It Ain't About Me Neither
See A Gangsta Like Myself I Get That Paper And Pussy
Than That One I Make That Pussy Bring That Paper Straight To Me
Bitch! You Lookin At A Real Pimp Ask My Old Hoe
And They'Ll Tell Ya No Remote I Control Hoes
Im A Hold On Give You That Game Moma
If Ya Ain't Payin Than You Shouldn'T Be Playin Im Sayin
Broke Niggas Only Make Jokes Nigga
I Make More Than I Can Fit In This Quote Nigga
Unquote Come Sun Soak Wit Me Bitch
Fly Ya Down Here And Put You On Some South Beach Shit
And If You Smile At My Bitch I'Ll Make Her Smile Back...

[Hook]
...Dont Be Suprised If She Asked Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At

[Verse 3: Remy Ma]
See That Otha Chick Ass Fat, She Stuck Where The Cash At
Rem Stuck Where The Paper, Plastic, Product, And Where The Stash At
Where The Keys To The Whip And Crib And Where The Address At
That Bitch That Be Hidin Shit In Her Ass Crack
Niggas Dont Fuckin Call Me Baby Like Im Related To Weezy
Some Of 'Em Call Me R, None Of Them Call Me Easy
I Got Done Fuckin A Man Now This Bird Is Callin Me Screamin
Check The Way, Bicthes I Be Fryin They Be Call Em Breezy
See I Know He Gotta Man But Im Coofey In The Otha One
Cuz He Can't Get Tight, When He Hear I Pipped Anotha One
I Dont Fall In Love With Them, Come And Than Im Done With Them
Most They Get From Me, Is Wet Pussy And Some Bubble Gum
But, This One Dude Had Me Laughin
It Is Just One Thing I Can't Stand Is A Baggy Magnum
Would'Ve Thought Somebody Threw Me A Camera The Way I Caught A Flash Back...

[Hook]
...Dont Be Suprised If She Asked Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Where The Where The Cash At, Where The Cash At
Dont Be Surprised If She Asked Where The Cash At

[Verse 1]
I heard some shouts like
"Down on the floor"
Oh... even louder, we got shooter, shooter
I turned around, I was starin' at chrome
Shotgun watches door; got security good
Jumped right over counter
Pointed gun at winky teller
"I'm your... shooter, shooter, shooter"

[Chorus]
My hands up... my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh... shooter
My hands up... my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh, shooter

[Verse 2]
Thieves flyin' off at the mouth
Talkin' bout dumpin', wettin' me something
Now their attention's on me 'cause
I don't look scared enough
They callin' my bluff
With all these riches and all these switches
But ain't no donuts around
They talkin' 'bout, "Shooter" (unintelligible)
Shooter

[Chorus]
My hands up... my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh... shooter
My hands up (ahh)... hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh... shooter

[Verse 3]
Lady walks into a shotgun surprise
Dropped to her knees; saw her life 'fore her eyes
He said, "Bitch is gonna get it
Everybody gon' regret it
I'm your... shooter"

[Chorus]
My hands up... my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh... shooter
My hands up... my hands up
They want me with my hands up
Oh... shooter
They want me with my hands up
Oh... shooter
My hands up... my hands up
They really, really want it
Oh... shooter

Oooh, oooh, oooh
Oooh, oooh, oooh
Aaaah, aaaah...

[Verse 1]
I'd been missin' on love, it's clear (oh, no)
So, she bought me some brand new gear (oh, no)
And she's sending her driver here
I just can't say no to my needs

[Hook 1]
I feel such a fool when she calls
I can't trust myself
From the picket lines
She's got my love... got my help
Got my control (oh, no)
Got my intentions known
Got me aroused... and it shows

[Chorus]
She's a bad girl... and you know it
I can see it in her eyes
She's a bad girl... suga mama
From the plan she's devised
A bad girl... and you know this
Cause the feeling's so right
Baby's killin' me... like a lover should
But I can't let that girl take my life
La, la, la, la, la, laaa, la

[Verse 2]
At times she can't keep her hands on me (oh, no)
But won't public affection me (oh, no)
No daytime congruency... (Well, shit)
I can't count on her... like she can me now

[Hook 2]
I feel such a fool when she calls
I can't lust myself
For the sake of my picketing peeps
I try to run... it's just no help

She got me on call
Got my intention grown
Bought me a pound
And she rolls

[Chorus]
She's a bad girl... and you know it
I can see it in her eyes
She's a bad girl... suga motha
From the plan she's devised
A bad girl... and you know this
Cause the feeling's so right
Baby's killin' me... like a lover should
But I can't let that girl take my life

[Breakdown]
Aaaah
Funky Baby - She's So Funky Mama Now - Suga Babe - Ooh - She's A Suga Motha Now - Funky Baby Ooh Suga Motha wow - Funky
Badness - She's So Funky Bay-Ooh - Suga Motha wow - She's A Funky - Bad - Oh - Suga Motha wow - She's So Funky Baby Yea Yea
- She's A Suga Motha Now - A Funky Bad-cha - Mmm - See I can't even - I can't explain the way I feel about her. She's talkin
D- Talking dirty but she won't introduce me to her grandmother - She won't take me around the fancy people, no -All she wants is to take me to exclusive places - spas and mansions for nothin - for being together - to break her slump -Oh Yea Oh Eh Oh
Eeee Ooh Mmm Yea Yea zagga zagga Yea Yea Shes so bad - She's killin' me like a lover should-

[Chorus]
She's a bad girl... and you know this
I can see it in her eyes
She's a bad girl... suga motha
From the plan she devised
A bad girl... and you know this
I can see it in her eyes

Ohh, yeah... killin' me
Can't take my life

[Verse]
You're walking along the street or you're at a party
Or else you're alone and then you suddenly dig
You're looking in someone's eyes and suddenly realize
This could be the start of something big
You're lunching at twenty-one's and watching your diet
Declining a Charlotte Russe, accepting a fig
When out of the clear blue sky, suddenly it's gal and guy
And this could be the start of something big

[Bridge]
There's no controlling the unrolling of your fate, my friend
Who knows what's written in the magic book
But when a lover you discover at the gate, my friend
Let him in without a second look

[Outro]
You're up in an aeroplane or dining at Sardi's
Or else at Malibu alone on the sand
Suddenly hear a bell, suddenly you can tell
This could be the start of something
This could be the start of something
This could be the start of something big
Oh, this could be the start of something big

[Verse 1]
Uh
I'm Weezy F, bitch, what it do? (What it do?)
I got that "fuck a mothafucka" attitude (Fuck you)
I got a gun and a bitch (I got two, I got two)
I got a bitch and a gun (I got two, I got two)
I'm the hottest in this bitch, straight up (Straight up)
I got 'em on my back like, "Wait up" (Wait up)
I ain't finished with you hoes, stay up (Stay up)
I'm at the top, bitch, look way up (Way up)
Niggas trippin', bitches wishin' they'll come down here and fuck me
Sick and tired of that city and she fiendin' for country
I ain't mad at ya girl, she just feelin my gangsta
From the bottom of the map where the bricks get anchored Where the dope is heavy, where the hoes is fine
Where the hoes'll get you if you niggas is blind
So, this is the time you should listen to mine
Don't play wit' it, bitch nigga, this is the South

[Chorus]
Bitch, I'm from the South: Southside
We all ride
And when we catch a outsider outside: y'all die
We all ride
And when you see us, we be leaning to the side: the Southside
We all ride
And when we catch a outsider outside: y'all die
We all ride
Ay, pussy nigga, you know you ain't from the South

[Verse 2]
? chaperone, fresh, Dapper Don
TEC, the strap is on, brrat, your back is off
Yep, bag 'em up, yep, bag 'em down
Yep, crack 'em up, the new crack in town
It's Weezy, say the baby, lotta pizzazz about me
Hollygrove, seventeen, Belfast, Eagle Street
Shells pass illegal heat, ? blast leave 'em sleep, trash can, no sheets
Swell, man
Hell has no fury but I'm strapped so don't worry
When the weather starts to flurry, we adapt in a hurry
Less guts and glory, man, upchuck the party, man
Buck, buck your Carter, man
Fuck, fuck, duck, duck, they caught him
Get away smooth from the pig
Ditch the cig in a river wit' his wig, his liver, and his feet
Down south, Louisiana, 504, we don't lose

[Chorus]
Bitch, I'm from the South: Southside
We all ride
And when we catch a outsider outside: y'all die
We all ride
And when you see us, we be leaning to the side: the Southside
We all ride
And when we catch a outsider outside: y'all die
We all ride (Yeah)
Ay, pussy nigga (Block burner), you know you ain't from the South

[Verse 3]
I spin a bin wit' my thirty-six waist saggin'
No smiles, on some murder shit straight clappin'
Waste bag ya niggas
And what makes matters worse, they rattin' niggas
I put ya mothafuckin' face in the dirt, kiss the snails, boy
Close the box, drill the nails, boy
You won't bite, you are a just a will
You are just a witness when the shit prevail
You are not real, you're more bitch than your girl
Get her down south and put some dick in her world
I got diamonds in my mouth, I got diamonds on my neck
Got a bad second woman and I'm 'bout to wife that
Visitors and tourists come down and we gon' lose ya
Have a mothafucka thinkin' that they in Aruba
Max and Rugers, shootin' to kill you
Your music don't reach down here, we don't feel you

[Chorus]
Bitch, I'm from the South: Southside
We all ride
And when we catch a outsider outside: y'all die
We all ride
And when you see us, we be leaning to the side: the Southside
We all ride
And when we catch a outsider outside: y'all die
We all ride
Ay, pussy nigga, you know you ain't from the South
(Verse 1)
Ahh
This time Ima give you the truth
The truth and nothin but the truth
So help me God,now bring it on come on
You little suckas, bring home my brass knuckles and beat the odds?
Keep me high baby keep me hot
Gravity has been re-defined
Saw you in my concert waiting in line
I was on my tour bus taking my time
Then I hit the stage after that I got paid
Then I hit the presidential suite and got laid
Women in the thub everytime y bathe behind my shades

(chorus)
And Take my pictureee
And hang it up against your wall,wall,wallll
Find me on top of your sisteeeer
???
For the most wanted rockstarrr
The most wanted rockstar
The most wanted, the most wanted rockstar
(Verse 2)
Im so at ease, no enemies, Please
You hate me but do you know that im a killa
An alien tell ?em suck my antennas
Ima mothafuckin winner, eat losers for dinner
She can be my fairy, she can be my fuckin adversary
But if she talk she gon? have to get buried

Looked in the mirror ???
Shut up and ride bitch!

(Chorus)
Take my pictureee
And hang it up against your wall,wall,wallll
Find me on top of your sisteeeer
???
For the most wanted rockstar
The most wanted rockstar
The most wanted, the most wanted rockstar

(Verse 3)
My girls? Are black and so is my car
I fuck all day I don?t know bout y?all
Your girlfriend says she wanna go in my droughts
I got the bitch naked moan in my ???
Even though im not home
Man im so throw off the don?t know what im on
But I should lower my tone cuz im still the most wanted
(Chorus)
And Take my pictureee
And hang it up against your wall,wall,wallll
Find me on top of your sisteeeer
???
For the most wanted

[Verse 1]
All the things I've done before this
They don't mean a thing
And all the words spoken before this
Won't be said again
Suddenly so much of me has
No need to pretend
There's nothing like the truth
To bring her back to you
And everyone I've met before this
Ain't seen me with you

[Chorus]
Angel, angel, angel
Angel, my angel, my angel

[Verse 2]
You're the only one who knows what I go through
Sometimes you even feel it more than me, baby
And I don't know how I ever got by without you
There's nothing like the truth
When you've got nothing left to lose
And every night I thank the universe that I found you

[Chorus]
Angel, my angel, my angel

[Bridge]
And I don't have to wonder
What the world thinks about me
Oh, I know you're in my corner
Ooh, you're always surrounding me
With your love, ooh baby
Oh, angel, ooh, ooh, ooh

[Verse 3]
And if we all explode
You see, we would never know
But I just hope the pieces of my soul
Reach out to you to find my angel

[Chorus]
Ooh, angel, my angel
Angel, my angel, my angel
Ooh, ooh, ooh

[Instrumental Break]

[Outro]
Angel, my darling angel
You're calling me, oh, angel
Keep calling me your, ooh, angel
Angel, ooh, oh, angel
Angel, my darling angel
Ooh, ooh, oh

[Instrumental Break]

Oh, oh
Oh, oh
Ooh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Ooh, oh, ooh, oh
It isn't by chance I happen to be a boulevardier
The toast of Paris
Over the noise, the talk and smoke
I'm good for a laugh, a drink or a joke
I walk in a room, party or a ball
"Come sit over here", somebody will call
A drink for my friends, a drink for them all
But how many times I stop and recall
Ah, the apple trees, blossoms in the breeze
That we walked among, lying in the hay
Games we used to play while the rounds were sung
Only yesterday when the world was young
Wherever I go, they mention my name
And that in itself is some sort of fame
"Come by for a drink, we're having a game"
Wherever I go, I'm so glad I came
The talk is quite gay, the company's fine
There's laughter and lights and glamor and wine
And thousands of men, some who are mine
But often my eyes see a different shine
Are the apple trees sunlit memories?
Where the hammock swung
On our backs we lie, looking at the sky
Till the stars were strung
Only yesterday when the world was young
Tell us that you would like to have the lyrics of this song. Then we'll make it our highest priority to find these lyrics first!
Or perhaps you can help us out. If you have the lyrics of this song, it would be great if you can submit these. That will definitely help us and the other visitors!
All this time
I couldn't shake your memory
And I never knew the
Sweetest love was the first

So what am I supposed
To do about this curse
Oh, baby, I've got you to blame
And I'm calling
Calling out your name

Oh, he was so fine
Jimmy Lee, oh, he was so fine
Jimmy, Jimmy Lee

(Jimmy Lee)
Jimmy, Jimmy Lee
(Jimmy Lee)

Find me rushing off
To school every morning
Never had a care
Acting crazy, always laughing
When I'm running
Cause I knew you'd meet me
When I got there
Stealing kisses in the hall
Before the first bell
You smelled so fine
Though we'd just met
I guess you knew me so well
You had the number to my heartline

(Maybe he knew his stuff)
Well, just between you and me
(Maybe you weren't enough)
He was the first one

(Maybe he'd seen enough)
He stole my heart
And he ran like a bandit
I don't understand it

Jimmy Lee, this one's for me
And I'll always remember
History, biology
And that magical December

Ooh, boy
Jimmy Lee, where can you be
If this song ever finds you
Won't you please explain to me
Why you left me behind you, yeah
(Jimmy Lee) Jimmy

On the average twice a week
I think I see you
On some avenue
Someone laughs or shakes his head
They way you used to
I guess I got myself a loose screw

I grew up and
Had my share of adventure
Well, I've had some fun
But you never need
To question my intentions
Cause each guy is just another rerun

(Maybe he knew his stuff)
Well, just between you and me
(Maybe you weren't enough)
He was the first one

(Maybe he'd seen enough)
He stole my heart
And he ran like a bandit
I don't understand it
Jimmy Lee, this one's for me
And I'll always remember
Hey, Lord, history, biology
And that magical December, ah hah

Jimmy Lee, where can you be
If this song ever finds you
Won't you please explain to me
Why you left me behind you
Oh, yeah

(Jimmy Lee) Jimmy, Jimmy
Jimmy Lee (Jimmy Lee)
(Jimmy Lee)

(Maybe he knew his stuff)
Well, just between you and me
(Maybe you weren't enough)
He was the first one

(Maybe he'd seen enough)
He stole my heart
And he ran like a bandit
I don't understand it, yeah

Jimmy Lee, this one's for me
And I'll always, always remember
History, biology
And that magical, oh, December

Jimmy Lee, where can you be
If this song ever finds you
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Won't you please explain to me
Why you left me, oh, behind you

Jimmy Lee, this one's for me...

[Verse 1]
Oh, I got a problem rising deep from my bones
Years of hibernation, I can't wait to be exposed, ooh
Leaping from the darkness to feel the new moon and light, hey
It howls like a jet plane and echoes through the night

[Pre-Chorus]
Oh, now you done it, you woke up some stuff
We gon' have to talk about it, 'round here, things might get rough
You poked a sleeping giant that ain't ate in months
And when it opens its eyes, first thing it's gonna wanna do

[Chorus]
Welcome to my jungle, welcome to my world
I'm no longer boy and you're much stronger a girl
I'm now barracuda and you're now Thundercat
And we're at war, we're at war with no compass or map
Hey, hey, no compass or map

[Verse 2]
No boundary fences, no ceilings or doors
No blanks or dull knives, just shrieks and unheard roars
Fake, fake friendly faces, time, time safe for basis
No emergency numbers, you went and planted erases
No, no bell to guide you, just blue, black, and stars
Wrapped us in angry earth, manipulated your heart
Night, night winds whip you back, under high fortress sky
The place brands your back 'til undiscovered you died

[Chorus]
Welcome to my oyster, don't you touch my pearl
I used to be your J-bird, you used to be my squirrel
Now I'm barracuda and you're Thundercat
And we're at war, we're at war with no compass or map

[Refrain]
(We don't need no) Yeah, yeah
(We don't need no) Compass or map
(We don't need no) Oh
(We don't need no)

[Bridge]
I got respect for my enemy, in the shadows they lie
In the shadows we live and in the shadows we cry
And the fashion of virtue is now a hopeless appeal
'Cause love is core side to side that you can't keep what you steal
You can't keep what you steal
You can't keep what you steal now, now, hey

[Verse 3]
Welcome to my Milky, you can't change my universe
The things that won't last, we always seem to put first
Now I'm Mt. Olympus, you're baby kay yay
We could end this war (End this war), we could end this war (End this war)
We could end this war, we could end this war

[Outro]
We don't need no (We don't need no)
We don't need no (We don't need no)
Compass or map, we don't need no, no, no, no, no, no
We don't need no compass or map
We can make it, babe
(We don't need no, we don't need no) We don't need nobody, baby
(We don't need no, we don't need no) All we need is you and me
(We don't need no, we don't need no) We'll work it out, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah
(We don't need no, we don't need no)

[Intro]

[Woman]
Doctor, I have a pain
All over my body
And, oh doctor, I heard you were the best
Can you help me? Oh doctor, can you heal me?
Do you think I can be cured?
Doctor, can you heal me? I hear you're the best

[Robin Thicke]
Oh, hello
I'm glad you could make it
Can I offer you a cocktail? Some roses, champagne perhaps?
We have some chocolate covered strawberries, if you like
Whatever you want, whatever you need

[Verse 1: Robin Thicke]
I got you, I got you, I got you
I got you, baby
I got you, and you got me, too
We'll laugh, we'll play, we'll always text each other
XXX, we'll always be together
Come with me, fuck with me, please
And when I tell you, I got you
You know that I'm in it, babe (I got you, babe)
So just put on your dress, put on your heels
Let's get away (Let's get away, get away, get away)

[Interlude: Robin Thicke, Woman, Receptionist]
Okay, why don't you tell me what's troubling you?
My man don't take me nowhere
Oh, I have just the thing for that
Please hold for the doctor
The doctor will be right with you
(Ooh) The doctor will see you now

[Verse 2: Robin Thicke]
I got you, I got you, I got you
I got you, baby
I got you, and you got me, too
The diamonds, the parties, the trips around the world
You're XXX, you'll always be my girl
Just come with me, fuck with me, please
And when I tell you, I got you
You know that I'm in it, babe (Oh, I got you)
So just put on your dress, put on your heels
Let's get away
Baby, I got you
And when I tell you, I got you
You know that I'm in it, babe (I got you, I got you)
So just put on your dress, put on your heels
Let's get away (Let's get away, get away, get away)

[Outro: Robin Thicke]
Isn't this nice?
Perfect

[Verse]
In case you fancy coloring books, and lots of people do
I've a new one for you
A most unusual coloring book, the kind you'd never see
Crayons ready, very well, begin to color me

[Bridge]
These are the eyes that watched him as he walked away
Color them gray
This is the heart that thought he would always be true
Color it blue
These are the arms that held him, and touched him, then lost him somehow
Color them empty now
These are the beads I wore until she came between
If you like, color them green

[Outro]
This is the room I sleep in and walk in and weep in and hide in
That nobody ever sees, color it lonely, please
This is the man, the one, the one I depended upon
You must color him gone
He's gone, color him gone
It starts with a kiss**
Private clubs
Role playing
Voyeurism
Tickle me

I like to watch

Pinch me
Tickle me
Worship me (worship me)

It beings with kissing (it starts with a kiss)

1. Kiss me (kiss me)
2. Seduce me (Seduce me)
3. Tease me
4. Worship me (worship me)
5. Tie me up, tie me down (tie me down)
6. Sixty nine (sixty nine)
7. Role play with me
8. In a chair, on the stairs (on the stairs)
9. Beg for it

[Robin:] yeaaahhhh
10. Make me beg for it (make me beg for it)

[Robin:] whooo
Tickle me
Tease me
Fondle me

[Robin:]
I'll be the doctor you be the nurse
I can go second you can go first
Whatever's right for you, girl you just can't miss
No matter whatcha do as long as your with me

It starts with a kiss**

It starts with a kiss**
Private clubs
Role playing
Hey…
Wooo…
Alright baby…
Ohhh…
Oh…
Yeah…
I can make the pain disappear
And I can erase the past ohh
I can make the future shine so bright
And I can make right now alright yeah
I got it you got it we got the magic girl
I got it you got it we got the magic girl
I got it you got it we got the magic girl
I got it you got it we got the magic girl
All I got is concrete all around me wooo…
But I can see the countryside
You can be rich when you're poor
Poor when you're rich
It can be raining and I can make the sun shine

I got it you got it we got (wooo) the magic girl
I got it (you know you got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl
I got it (I've got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl
I got it (You know I got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl
I know sometimes sometimes you feel no hope
Well I've been there, I've walked that lonely road
I took whatever devil offered me
Because I knew that he would set me free
(whoa) I got it you got it (wooo) we got the magic girl
I got it (magic baby) you got it we got the magic (woo) girl
I got it (we got the magic baby) you got it we got the magic girl
Skip
I got it you got it we got the magic girl wooo
Science they can't prove it
But I know I can do it
I can fly
I can bend metal with my mind
I can wake up in a paradise ohhhh
We got that magic
We got that magic
We got that magic
We got that magic
Hey
We got that magic
We got that magic
Ewww
Got that magic come on
Hey
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
Everyday

Jvmx

[Intro]
Everybody is a star
I'm gonna be a star

[Verse 1]
I got knocked down but I got back up
They told me no but I won't give up
I work around the clock and it ain't never enough
I'm gonna burn so bright when you light me up
Oh, now, baby

[Pre-Chorus]
When I step up to the plate everybody stands up
When I'm doin' my thing people put their hands up
When my job ain't cuttin' it I still know in my heart that
Everybody is a star

[Chorus]
I'm gonna be a star
Walkin' through the mall
Lookin' in the store
Workin' in a restaurant
Standin' at the bus stop
Everybody knows that
I'm gonna be a star
Dancin' on the floor
Dig in their coat
Standin' in line
Makin' your heart stop
Everybody knows that
I'm gonna be a star

[Verse 2]
I got this fire burnin' deep inside
A new invention runnin' through my mind
I got the melody to the second verse
Part of my life

[Pre-Chorus]
When I step up to the plate everybody stands up
When I'm doin' my thing people put their hands up
When my job ain't cuttin' it I still know in my heart that
Everybody is a star

[Chorus]
I'm gonna be a star
Walkin' through the mall
Lookin' in the store
Workin' in a restaurant
Standin' at the bus stop
Everybody knows that
I'm gonna be a star
Dancin' on the floor
Dig in their coat
Standin' in line
Makin' your heart stop
Everybody knows that
I'm gonna be a star
Walkin' through the mall
Lookin' in the store
Workin' in a restaurant
Standin' at the bus stop
Everybody knows that
I'm gonna be a star
Dancin' on the floor
Dig in their coat
Standin' in line
Makin' your heart stop
Everybody knows that
I'm gonna be a star

[Outro]
Everybody is a star
I'm gonna be a star
Everybody is a star
I'm gonna be a star

Everybody is a star
I'm gonna be a star
Wooo!

[Verse 1]
Some like to keep heat on
Some never hot enough
See, I sleep with nothing on
Cause I'm always burning up
But we all wanna try
To see each other's side
And I'll try
'Til she takes my pillow

[Bridge]
Mmm
She'll say I'm lucky
She'll say I'm the man
We'll talk on for hours
As long as I understand
I'd go on without her
See, see
But everyday
Ain't the same
Ain't the same
Ain't the same
I feel like a puppy
When I get time to play

[Chorus]
I've got a brand new jones
And nobody even knows
When my baby is gone
It's my thang... my thang
Sometimes I can't let go
So, I've got to be alone
When my baby is gone
It's my thang... my thang alone

Wooo!

[Verse 2]
Some like a sweet romance
And some wanna travel far
But I like a three point stance
And I hate to drive my car
But I'd go 'round the world
Just to please my girl
And I'll fly
If she takes my pillow

[Bridge]
Oooh
She'll say I'm lucky
Then say I'm the man
We'll talk on for hours
As long as I understand
I'd go on without her
See, see
But everyday
I feel like a puppy
When I get time to play

[Chorus]
I've got a brand new jones
And nobody even knows
When my baby is gone
It's my thang, yeah, my thang
Sometimes I can't let go
So, I've got to be alone
When my baby is gone
It's my thang... my thang alone

[Pre-Bridge]
So, why don't I just save time
And reveal now
Cause sooner or later
She'll know the deal
And she'll wonder why
The bed jumps so high
When she sleeps at night
Ohhh, yeah, yeah

[Bridge]
Mmm
She'll say I'm lucky
Then say I'm the man
We'll talk on for hours
As long as I understand
I'd go on without it
See, see
But everyday
I.. no...
Ain't the same
Ain't the same
I feel like a puppy
When I get time to play

[Chorus & Breakdown]
I've got this brand new jones
To keep me on my own
Lover, love, babe
You know it... I got it
I've got this brand new jones
Keep me on my own
Lover, love, babe
You know it (oooh!)
I've got this brand new jones
Keep me on my own
You know it (oooh, ooh!)
I've got this brand new jones
Leave me on my own

Wooo!

Fade out
(Intro)
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Hey yeah
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Hey yeah

(1st Verse)
Stressed out uptight, over worked wound up
Unleash what you got lets explore your naughty side
Follow me where we go, we dont need no bread crumbs
Can't you see baby youre the only one
You are my love, you are my love
Let me be your medicine
Cuz I got one thing on my mind Ill be your valentine
Spread your wings and baby fly away

(Chorus)
Its your body you can yell if you want to
Loud if you want to, scream if you want to
Just let me love you lay right here girl dont be scared of me
Give you sex therapy, give you sex therapy
Its your body well go hard if you want to
As hard as you want to, soft as you want to
Just let me love you lay right here Ill be your fantasy
Give you sex therapy, give you sex therapy
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Yeah yeah
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Ooooo

(2nd Verse)
Baby less all for you to do is let your body be
Ill lick you down and make you feel like you bout it bout it
Ha ha ha ha ha ha, the doctors here for you
Take you like Twilight I'll bite your neck
You dont have to stay in the rain Ill get you wet, yeah
Push you up against the wall ,turn you out and turn you on
Eh eh whoa

(Chorus)
Its your body you can yell if you want to
Loud if you want to, scream if you want to
Just let me love you lay right here girl dont be scared of me
Give you sex therapy, give you sex therapy
Its your body well go hard if you want to
As hard as you want to, soft as you want to
Just let me love you lay right here Ill be your fantasy
Give you sex therapy, give you sex therapy

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa oooo
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa oooo
(Bridge)
Whoa-oh oh oh oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah
Girl its your body we can do whatever you like
Girl its your body we can do whatever you like
Its your body we can ride and rock and roll
Ride and rock and roll,ride and rock
O-o-o-OH oh oh oh

(End chorus)
Its your body you can yell if you want to
Loud if you want to, scream if you want to
Just let me love you lay right here girl dont be scared of me
Give you sex therapy, give you sex therapy
Its your body well go hard if you want to
As hard as you want to, soft as you want to
Just let me love you lay right here Ill be your fantasy
Give you sex therapy, give you sex therapy
Girl its girl its girl its your body
We can do, can do, (sex therapy) can do
Girl its girl its girl its your body
We can do whatever (sex therapy) you like
Just let me love you lay right here girl dont be scared of me
Give you sex therapy, give you sex therapy

[Chorus]
She's so hard on my love
She's so hard on my love
She's so hard on my love
She's so hard on my love

[Verse 1]
Her name was Jessica, I met her in the bathroom

[?]
It was on

[?], it was off

[?], it was good, it was bad, it was...yeah
I took her to the movies, had a little popcorn
And I guess when I looked at her shirt

[?], just cus'

[?]

[Chorus]
She's so hard on my love
She's so hard on my love
She's so hard on my love
She's so hard on my love

[Refrain]
All you got to do is
Lay with me, come and stay with me, baby
All you got to do is
Lay with me, come and stay with me, baby

[Verse 2]
Six months later, ain't nothin' new going on here
I ain't kissed on your lips
Since the last time you heard from me

[Chorus]
You're so hard on my love
You're so hard on my love, ooh
You're so hard on my love
You're so hard on my love

[Refrain]
All you got to do is
Lay with me, come and stay with me, baby
All you got to do is
Lay with me, come and stay with me, baby
Oh

[Bridge]
Yeah, you're so hard on me

I don't wanna lose you
But I don't wanna get lost
It'd be easy to see eye to eye
If you'd come down off your high horse
Hey

[Refrain]
All you got to do is
Lay with me, come and stay with me, baby
All you got to do is
Lay with me, come and stay with me, baby
Oh, oh

[Outro]
She's so hard on my love
She's so hard on my love
Why you so hard on my love

[Intro]
Do, do, do
Do, do, do, do
Do, do, do
Do, do, do, do
Do, do, do
Do, do, do, do
Do, do, do
Do, duh, duh, duh, do, do, do, do

[Verse 1]
I'm taking time out for reflecting (yeah)
And I'm going one on one with who I'd like to be
And I'm leaning towards the sun
Watching flowers blossom all around me

[Bridge]
I tried wailin' to a wall
Standin' like porcelain, mumblin'
Salt water rollin' down side burns
Searchin' for the answers
Handling the truth
Seein' it for myself
Is the only way
Forget a winner
Stop being a sinner first
Ruining your liver
Smoking cigarettes and worse
Love is a killer
The leading cause of suicide
How to survive a day in the life of times

[Chorus]
I'll rock the boat
To hear you tell me that I'm watching too much TV
Then I'll hope
That I can win with the lazy bones I'm livin' in
It's not my fault I wasn't chosen
I was focused in the open
I deserve so much better than this

Oooh, ooh
Ooh,  ooh, oooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, oooh, ooh, oooh, ooh, ooh, ooh

[Verse 2]
I'm shooting airballs from the free-throw line
I'm batting lefty when I know that I'm all right
And I'm reaching out for the sun
Being passed by shooting stars overnight

[Bridge]
I been livin' with a small
Inner child, antsy
I can't sit still for a minute
My shortage of concentration ruins meditation
And my motivation ain't shit
I need a way
My tolerance
Ain't what it used to be
Dollars make sense
Sellin' out for the fee
If I didn't have faith
Could you still save me?
How to survive the lives we hate to lead

[Chorus]
I'll rock the boat
To hear you tell me that I'm watching too much TV
Then I'll hope
That I can win with the lazy bones I'm livin' in
It's not my fault I wasn't chosen
I was focused in the open
I deserve so much better than this

[Break]
Fuck the future
I'm in the present place
Can't be a loser
My girl won't stay
I don't know computers
I was sick that day
How to survive the mines we chose to lay

Oooh, ooh
Ooh,  ooh, oooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, oooh, ooh, oooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
I'll rock you

Do, do, do
Do, do, do, do
Do, do, do
Do, do, do, do
Do, do, do
Do, do, do, do
Do, do
Duh, duh, duh, do, do, do, do, do, do, do

[Chorus 3X]
I'll rock the boat
To hear you tell me that I'm watching too much TV
Then I'll hope
That I can win with the lazy bones I'm livin' in
(You can do better than that)
It's not my fault I wasn't chosen
I was focused in the open
I deserve so much better than this

[Intro]
Cocaine, ooh
Cocaine, ooh

[Verse 1]
Baby, Beverly Hills Hotel, four AM
It's my birthday
I wanna stay young
I wanna have fun
I don't wanna be the only one, no way
Movie stars, models and blondes and cocaine
New York, L.A., it's all the same
The angels look the other way
'Cause they can understand my pain

[Chorus]
Cocaine, back up in a big way
Cocaine, comin' out the closets
Cocaine, I'm standin' in an alley
With my hands behind me
The club just ain't the same without the cocaine

[Verse 2]
Ooh, downtown, upstairs, get down
Midnight, high art, underground
Hip-hop, blue jeans, it's all around
I wanna stay young, ooh
Everybody's watchin', but no one talks about it
Right now there's only one name you can't call it
She said sex just ain't the same without it, it's cocaine

[Chorus]
Cocaine, back up in a big way
Cocaine, comin' out the closets
Cocaine, I'm standin' in an alley
With my hands behind me
The club just ain't the same without the cocaine

[Bridge]
Cocaine
Cocaine
The club just ain't the same without the cocaine

[Instrumental Break]

Cocaine
She said sex just ain't the same without it

[Chorus]
Cocaine, back up in a big way
Cocaine, comin' out the closets
Cocaine, I'm standin' in an alley
With my hands behind me
The club just ain't the same without the
Cocaine, back up in a big way
Cocaine, comin' out the closets
Cocaine, I'm standin' in an alley
With my hands behind me
The club just ain't the same without the cocaine

[Outro]
Sex just ain't the same without it
The club just ain't the same, the party ain't the same
(Cocaine)
The club just ain't the same without it (Cocaine)
Sex just ain't the same, the club just ain't the same

[Verse 1]
I don't wanna lie anymore
San Francisco, open up your door
I don't wanna cry anymore
San Francisco, open up your door
I've been begging, begging for so long
Baltimore, open up your door
I've been losing my mind in Chicago
Ooh, Chicago, don't be so blind

[Chorus]
I left my heart in Jackson
Left my soul in Memphis
Left my smile in Alabama
And my soul on the road
I'm coming home an empty man
I need a loving hand
Left all my pieces of my soul
Back in the land
I'm coming home
I'm coming home, baby

[Bridge]
My daddy don't recognize my new lies
My mama don't recognize my new state of mind
My girl don't understand why I cry
I'm picking up the pieces that I left behind

[Verse 2]
Down here in Jackson
There's some history you don't wanna remember, ooh
Down here in New Orleans
When you gotta, gotta learn to survive

[Chorus]
I left my heart in Jackson
Left my soul in Memphis
Left my smile in Alabama
And my soul on the road
I'm coming home an empty man
I need a loving hand
I left all my pieces of my soul
Back in the land
I'm coming home
Ooh, I'm coming home, baby
Left my heart in Jackson
Left my soul in Memphis
Left my smile in Alabama
And my soul on the road
I'm coming home an empty man
I need a loving hand

[Intro]
Ladies and gentlemen, The Evolution of Robin Thicke
Oh, oh, I want everything
Ooh, I want everything, everything, everything

[Verse 1]
I want a fresh girl
I wanna drink my drink
I wanna get high
I can't have everything
I wanna be rich
Never work at all
And sleep all day
And I wanna see it all

[Chorus]
Oh, I need, I want everything
Woo, I want everything I can't have
When the brandy hits my throat I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
When I see the girls, those girls they make me go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
When I get a taste, a taste it makes me go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
And when that brandy hits my throat I go
Da-da-da-da-da-da

[Verse 2]
I want a fresh girl
From Dominica
Maybe from Puerto Rico
From Columbia
Breakfast, lunch and dinner
I want it all the time
Yo te quiero mucho
Yo hablo español

[Chorus]
Oh, I want, I want everything
Ooh, I want everything I can't, I can't have
When the brandy hits my throat I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
When I see the girls, those girls they make me go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
When I get a taste, a taste it makes me go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
And when that brandy hits my throat I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da

[Bridge]
I want a house and kids
A big family
I want so many women
I can't have everything
Oh, I want, I want everything
Everything, everything, everything, everything
I want everything that I can't have

[Chorus]
When the brandy hits my throat I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
When I see the girls, those girls they make me go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
When I get a taste, a taste it makes me go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da da-da
And when that brandy hits my throat I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da

[Outro]
When her tongue goes round and round I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da
And when her hips go round and round I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da
When her tongue goes round and round I go
Da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da
And when her hips go round and round I go

[Intro]
Hey…
Wooo…
Alright baby…
Ohhh…
Oh…
Yeah…

[Verse 1]
I can make the pain disappear
And I can erase the past ohh
I can make the future shine so bright
And I can make right now alright yeah

[Hook]
I got it you got it we got the magic girl
I got it you got it we got the magic girl
I got it you got it we got the magic girl
I got it you got it we got the magic girl

[Verse 2]
All I got is concrete all around me wooo…
But I can see the countryside
You can be rich when you're poor
Poor when you're rich
It can be raining and I can make the sun shine

[Hook]
I got it you got it we got (wooo) the magic girl
I got it (you know you got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl
I got it (I've got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl
I got it (You know I got it baby) you got it we got the magic girl

[Verse 3]
I know sometimes sometimes you feel no hope
Well I've been there, I've walked that lonely road
I took whatever devil offered me
Because I knew that he would set me free

[Hook]
(whoa) I got it you got it (wooo) we got the magic girl
I got it (magic baby) you got it we got the magic (woo) girl
I got it (we got the magic baby) you got it we got the magic girl
Skip
I got it you got it we got the magic girl wooo

[Verse 4]
Science they can't prove it
But I know I can do it
I can fly
I can bend metal with my mind
I can wake up in a paradise ohhhh

[Bridge]
We got that magic
We got that magic
We got that magic
We got that magic
Hey
We got that magic
We got that magic
Ewww
Got that magic come on
Hey

[Hook]
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
I got it you got it we got that magic girl
Everything I need
Chrome on the monster
Leather intestines
Wit a top model and the contestants
I'm a Rottweiler
Yes im a rock n rolla
Its weezy fukin baby
Yea straight up out the stroller
Im higher than the solar
System marly twist em
Im like macully culcan
I was rich wen I was pissin
On my self im ballin
You niggas hate-a-holics
Im just a recipe
So you can save the garlic
Im like a set of keys
Im bout to get it started
I smoke that beverly
Hills from califorina
Dem bitches after me
So I put that paddle on em
She rode my dick and said she shudda put a saddle on em
I watch out for dem snakes
Listen for that rattle homie an I ain't gotta click
I gotta cattle homie
Wut up 5 kickin back jus being boo
Im talkin foreign money
Like a european dude
Yea im heavey man
So you shud reconcider
I hit you one time
Fuck up yo equalirial
I got rythem
Yea I got soul yall
I travel all around the world like a postcard
My flow cold fuck around and get a cold sore
I got dis bitch on lock like a closed door
Weezy's real dem other niggas folk lor
Im connected I got more hoods than a coat store
Im sucessful I got more shit than you cud hope for
And I got threw that water like a boat ore

Young carter tha name
Baby boy rising like hot warter and caine
Whip it stertch it and flip itReup stretch it and flip it
Reup stretch it and flip it
Reup stretch it and flip it reup
We up in da club
We up in da club
Money runnin' like warter
Bitch get up in the tub
Im up in da club
She up in da club
He up in da club
Now she can't leave so we fuck in the club
Am I lucky or what playboy rabbit
And I like big tounges like skate board fashion
I got more girls than the playboy mansion
I bet I serve em up like my name pete sanfris
And a nigga drink like the late fred sanford
And a nigga smoke like there is no cancer
And I kno this world is so cold and decivin
But I keep my head up like my nose is bleedin
And until that chosen evenin
Ima be screamin apple an eagle
Yea dats right apple and eagle
Hollygrove 17th I won't leave you
Nope and this is just the previw
But I am already working on the sequel
(bridge)
Fuck wit me wrong I fuck wit ya home
Like a letter to the wife say ya husband is gone
Like muslim im calm but like muslim I bomb
And beat the track up like a hundread arms
Im funky like underarms
The engine recording a thunderstorm
My hunger forms then rings the alarm
The carter 2 was nice but the 3rd times the charm weezy

[Verse 1]
I'ma drive you crazy
'Til you be my baby
'Cause you're giving me the signs
It's just a matter of time 'til you're mine
So you stay on my mind, 24/7 on my mind
And I keep reading into every one of your moves
Every little thing you do, thinking, should I pursue you?
Should I pursue you? Oh, darlin'

[Pre-Chorus]
So I start making plans
Take you out to slow dance
Light up a romance
Wrap your hands in my hands
Then I hold you
And we get closer
And I want you

[Chorus]
And I wanna drive you crazy, love
How can I just let go
If your eyes say yes, but you won't fall in love?
If I were a painter, you'd be my Mona Lisa
If I were a scientist, baby, I'd find the right chemistry
So you say yes to me, and I keep hanging on, hanging on
'Til you say yes to me, say yes to me, say yes

[Refrain]
I'ma drive you crazy
Til you be my baby
I'ma drive you crazy
'Til you be my baby

[Verse 2]
So I'm back in my room
Yesterday's ended too soon, way too soon
Staring at the canvas, watching the time pass by
I got all of my colors spread out around me
My glass of champagne is almost empty
Every stroke I make is a stroke on your body
Run my mind through your hair, it's only you I see

[Pre-Chorus]
So I start making plans
Take you out to slow dance
Light up a romance
Wrap your hands in my hands
And then I hold you
We get closer
And I want you

[Chorus]
And I'm gonna drive you crazy love
How can I just let go
If your eyes say yes, but you won't fall in love?
If I were a painter, you'd be my Mona Lisa
If I were a scientist, baby, I'd find the right chemistry
So you say yes to me, and I keep hanging on, hanging on
'Til you say yes to me, say yes to me, say yes

[Outro]
I'ma drive you crazy
'Til you be my baby
I'ma drive you crazy
'Til you be my baby
I'ma drive you crazy
'Til you be my baby
I'ma drive you crazy
'Til you be my baby
Unn Hello world im ur muthaf***** troublemaker
Hello world im ur muthaf***** troublemaker
I ain't a peacemaker, im the peacetaker
Im very destructive, watch me break ya
Yea, i love to smell that blood, bi***
Call me the devil what the hell that wuz
Yea and u can call me young money streets
And you can see me for all the young money beef
Im the troublemaker
Call me mr. kill em all
Bitch nigga dont get involved
Shoot you on the front porch
And knock ya to the back yard
Knock ya fuckin back off
Knock ya top rack off
You just see jill on the hill, i nocked jack off
Bi this ain't nursery
This is brain surgery
Skee mask on ma bullets
Let em commit brain burglery
Eeemergency, its an emergency
Someone in all black left the whole scene burgundy
Kamikaze you can try me ima shoot ya
When the gun in this position you can call it Kama sutra
Ima cock and do it like a mothafuckin roosta
You puussy boi im ya muthafucking doucha
Haha, better run like bobby boucha
Its weezy baby its time to induce ya
You think you really safe in here
Stand up we about to take it there
And when we do we come for you to take your body
Where nobody else with eyes can see
And i tol em dont start no sh** won't be no sh**
Dont start no sh** won't be no sh**
Dont start no sh** won't be no sh**
Dont start no sh** won't be no sh**
Hello world im ur muthafu**** troublemaker
I come in ya office you playin wit my fuc*** paper
I flip ya desk rip ya neck strong arm

[Verse 1]
I had my dreams woken
Man, I almost got some
I had my car stolen
Now my radio's gone
I had this fine woman
I couldn't get none
It seems like the world is up against me
For something I've done

[Hook]
I still got my mind
Still got my music baby
I'm a be alright (uhn!)
I'm a be alright

[Verse 2]
All of my bills are pilin'
Cause I spent what I owe
I wasn't invited to any parties
So I'm throwin' my own
Can't get a job
Cause I ain't been lookin' for one

[Chorus]
I'm a be alright
I'm a keep on dancin'
I'm a get the champagne all to myself
I'm a be alright
I'm a keep it movin'
I'm a give the love all over the world
And on and on

[Verse 3]
Here she comes walkin'
Fine as all hell
She's lookin' at me bluffin'
The sheeba can't tell
I'm on my mind
I sit at my radio all day, baby

[Chorus]
I'm a be alright
I'm a keep on dancin'
I'm a get the champagne all to myself
I'm a be alright
I'm a keep it movin'
I'm a give the love all over the world
And on and on
Alright
I'm a keep on givin' love aside

I'm a be alright
I'm a keep it movin'
I'm a give the love all of the world
And on and on (ay, yah)

Clap, clap

[Verse 1]
Money is tight
Things ain't going right, oh, harmony
Don't know how you get by
Feels like frozen time
You wake up the moment into your surprise
You got hope in your eyes

[Pre-Chorus]
You're so close, you're so tight
When the ice melts so right
You got a sparkle, baby
Says you need to be afraid
You see, age don't matter, now you'll see
It's never too late

[Chorus]
'Cause when you feel the love, Ms. Harmony
Oh, you deserve everything you dream
'Cause when you smile at me, ooh harmony
Hey, you light all the world with your energy
Oh, baby

[Verse 2]
You walk with your head high
You only take what's right, oh harmony
I know just what you need
New job, brand new car
It feels like you're going far, oh harmony
You're a flower in bloom

[Pre-Chorus]
Out with the old, in with the new
Walk away from what all those men did to you
Now you're light on your feet
And now every man turns their head to get a better look

[Chorus]
'Cause when you feel the love, Ms. Harmony
Oh, you deserve everything you dream
'Cause when you smile at me, ooh harmony
Hey, you light all the world with your energy
Oh

[Bridge]
Da-da, da-da, da-da, oh, hey hey
Da-da, da-da, ooh ooh, oh yeah

[Chorus]
'Cause when you feel the love, ooh Harmony
Oh, you deserve everything you dream
'Cause when you smile at me, ooo harmony
Hey, you light all the world with your energy
Oh, baby

[Outro]
Da-da da-da, da-da da-da, da-da
'Cause when you feel the love that you're lovin', alright
Oh harmony, come and love me tonight, alright, ooh, oh
Da-da, da-da, oh, da-da, da-da, alright, baby
Da-da, da-da, alright, ooh
Da-da, da-da, da-da, da-da
(feat. Lil' Wayne)

[Lil' Wayne]
This is for the lovers and the sexy mother, mothers
Love is in the air, I pray to God I do not suffer
Kay, late night, lights, steam, candles lit
She say Weezy flush me harder
I say ooh, you the ooh
You commit, I commit
She say she love me, I'm convinced
Don't need a rocker scientist to see that you and I are meant
I meant to tell you, you the reason I smile more
Who I fell for, you know I beat that, beat that up Rocky Balboa
Girl I’m just playing unless you ain't
And I can’t think
If there ain’t a thought about you
Matter of fact that’s all I do
I put you first, now tell me that we’ll never be apart
Now I say, please girl don’t you go breaking my pretty little heart

[Robin Thicke]
Tell me something sweet
Tell me something nice
Tell me something good
Baby, Tell me it's alright
Tell me that you love me
Tell me you'll be there, fair
I get so worry, sometimes
The world will not be there
Tell me that I'm sexy
Like I was before
Tell me I got it
That you want it even more
Tell me that you'll never, ever
Ever leave me side, side
Tell me cause you know
I need to hear it every night

[Chorus]
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart
I said
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart

[Robin Thicke]
Tell me who you with
Tell me where you work
Tell me did you go out
And start talking to some girl
I want to believe it
You know how hard I try
After all we've been through
It’s so hard to say goodbye
Tell me that the future is getting brighter now
Tell me that we'll make it
That we'll make it somehow
Tell me it's forever
That we'll never burn
Tell me that you'll never break my pretty little heart

[Chorus]
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart
And I said
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart

[Robin Thicke]
Tell me that's the money
Tell me I'm a star
Tell me that you'll never break my pretty little heart
Say you'll take me places
Everything's okay
Tell me cause you know I need that pump up everyday
Tell me that's your money
Won't get in our way
Tell me that the chance I take, won't blow up in my face
Tell me that you'll do it
That you'll do it real
I'll leave you if you break my pretty little heart, I will

[Chorus]
And I said
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart
I said
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart
And I said
Baby you got me don't worry your pretty little heart
Don't you worry, your pretty little heart...
I got you, you got me
I love you, I love you, I love you baby

[Verse 1]
Settle down love for a minute
I wanna take you by the hand and hold you
I've waited so many nights
To see you
And I wanna take out all my problems on you

[Chorus]
I can do better than make love to you
Better than make you say my name
Please, please, please
Oh don't you make me have to beg
I need love, love, love, love, love
I need love, love, love, love, love

[Verse 2]
Angel won't you slow down
Seems like you're always packing and unpacking again
And I now that the hardest thing is to please you
You would bring most men to their knees

[Chorus]
I can do better than make love to you
Better than make you scream my name
Please, please, please
Ohh don't you make me have to beg
'Cause I need love, love, love, love, love
I need love, love, love, love

[Interlude]

[Chorus]
I can do better than make love to you
Better than make you say my name
Please, please, please
Ohh don't you make me have to beg
'Cause I need love, love, love, love, love
I need love, love, love, love
'Cause I need love, love, love, love, love
I need love, love, love, love
Please, please, please
Please, please, please
I need love, love, love, love
I need love
Love after war 

[x4]
Ooh it's a knock-out baby, you won the fight
I said I'm sorry that I acted like a selfish child
Please forgive me baby, I was out of line
You know I can make it right
Don't you love it when we fight
(Love after war)
I need you tonight baby
(Love after war)
Come on and let me make it right baby
(Love after war)
I'm knockin' on your door
(Love after war)
You know I want it, you know I want that
Cuttin' lies, girl's cry, doors slam and broken lights
Bottles hit the TV screen
You gotta go, or I'm gonna leave
Throwing clothes into the yard
When we go we go so hard
It only makes me want you more, more, more
(Love after war)
I need you tonight baby
(Love after war)
Come on and let me make it right baby
(Love after war)
I'm knockin' on your door
(Love after war)
You know I want it
Don't you leave
That's all we need
All we need
That's all we need
That's all we need
(Love after war)
I just wanna love you lady
(Love after war)
Wanna put down our weapons baby
(Love after war)
Lay your clothes down on the floor
(Love after war)
And give me some love after war
(Love after war)
You know it's gonna be your night baby
(Love after war)
You know the way that we fight baby
(Love after war)
Just drink this glass of wine
(Love after war)
And girl remember you're mine
(Love after war)
Remember you're mine baby, you're mine baby
(Love after war)
Come on and let me in
(Love after war)
Let me in, let me in, let me in...
(Love after war)
You know I want it, you know I want you baby
You know I want you baby
You know I want you baby

[Verse 1]
So many places
People to see
Dinners and parties
To fill up the week
But I'm scared like a baby
Of being alone
Of turning the lights off
With no one to hold (oh, no)
What I'm sure of
Is what it's gotta be

[Chorus]
I wanna go and make a baby with you
I wanna jump into the treehouse
But what we should do
Is we got to get together
Got to get together right

Ooh, ooh, oooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, oooh, ooh, ooh
La, la, la, la

[Verse 2]
Diamonds and peacocks
Lining the street
I'm talking to strangers
And they're talking to me
I'm scraping the crystals
Out of the sack
Life is a yo-yo
And family's a drag (I know)
But what I'm sure of
Is what I wanna be

[Chorus]
I wanna go and make a baby with you
I wanna crash into the open arms
What we do is we got to get together
Got to get together right

Oooh, ooh, oooh, ooh
Oooh, ooh, oooh, ooh

Find me, find me

[Breakdown]
Ah-oooh, ooh, ooh!
Ah-oooh, ooh, ooh!
Alright!
Whatever we do
Is we've got to get together
Got to get together right

That's what it's gotta be!

I'm just so happy I can be here with you
I wanna go and make a baby
What we should do
Is we got to get together
Got to get together right

Oooh, ooh, oooh, ooh
Oooh, ooh, oooh, ooh, oooh, ooh

Gotta get together right now
Tell us that you would like to have the lyrics of this song. Then we'll make it our highest priority to find these lyrics first!
Or perhaps you can help us out. If you have the lyrics of this song, it would be great if you can submit these. That will definitely help us and the other visitors!
Mama you wine fine
Mama you, mama you
Mama, mama you wine fine

We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time

Mama you wine fine
Mama you wine fine
And on the hush hush
We need some quiet time

I get, I get, I, I, I get so deep in that pussy
I touch the back of your soul
You gotta man, I bet I can make you pack up and roll
Yea, let's ride like we attached to the road
And if we on the same track, I hope we crash and explode

Yea, where do the passionate go
I beat it up forever, girl I'll take a national oath
Nobody knows what goes on the latch on the door
And if you throw it to me baby, I will catch it and score
Yea, yea
I beat that, I be right when she call me
She got that shit I just can't avoid
She so addictive and she know that
I do anything that she tell me
I am her personal sex toy

And then I pop the bottle of that Cris
I had a glass, she had a glass
I had a glass, she had a glass, again
Ya know, then she was ready got to it
One time, two times, hit me up
And I take that ass again and I told her

Mama you wine fine
Mama you, mama you
Mama, mama you wine fine

We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time

Mama you wine fine
Mama you wine fine
And on the hush hush
We need some quiet time
I see ya walkin' like the cameras on ya, I love ya back shots
I'm like a crackhead and you got your crack out
See, we got chemistry baby, we like cat and mouse
You blow my brains out, I blow ya back out
Now what is that about?

You got me sweatin' you so hard, I'm 'bout to pass out
And we could do it on the beach, in the grass house
Say, we could do it on the beach, in my glass house

Uh huh, I know what I'm doin', I'm on it until the mornin'
Hop on it until it's foamin', I bone it better than homie
I want it better than homie, come get on this pony
I put my name on it, I own it

That's right, pin ya to the wall, give ya couple of back bites
Give ya couple of thigh bites, then here comes the highlight
I could make ya act right
Take a ten minute break, then get back right
And then I told her

Mama you wine fine
Mama you, mama you
Mama, mama you wine fine

We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time
Mama you wine fine
Mama you wine fine
And on the hush hush
We need some quiet time

Yea, I told her, ya mama gotta be a model or somethin'
And if you was a wine bottle, I'm drunk
She dance on me like it's just us girl
You could make a nigga pay ya rent for 6 months

Shh, I ain't lyin' girl
I could make ya little pussy start cryin' girl
You won't fire girl
You know the fireman could put out the fire girl

Are those apple bottom jeans ya wearin'?
She said these is Donna Karen
So tight, she can't even let air in
Man, I swear I saw a blind man starin'

No lie and I hope she take her clothes off
So we can do it, 'til we doze off
We fall asleep with our clothes off
When we wake up, we pick up where we left off
And then I tell her

Mama you wine fine
Mama you, mama you
Mama, mama you wine fine

We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time
We need some quiet time

Mama you wine fine
Mama you wine fine
And on the hush hush
We need some quiet time

[Verse 1]
Many a measles and hand grenades
Do-do-do, do-do-do (yeah)
Everyone's skinny and overweight
Do-do-do, do-do-do (yeah)
And I don't know
If livin' is the worth the fight
So, sometimes I just don't

[Chorus]
It's such a beautiful world
Time stands still for each one of us
Ooh, maybe I'm no hero
But I can't help myself

[Verse 2]
I need a reason to smile today
Do-do-do, do-do-do
People are pregnant and underpaid
Do-do-do, do-do-do (yeah)
I don't know
If livin' is worth the time
So, sometimes I just don't

[Chorus]
It's such a beautiful world
Just stand still for a minute more
Ooh, maybe I'm no hero but
I can't help myself

And baby, I don't know
If giving is worth the loss
Ooh, ooh

It's such a beautiful world
Time stands still for each one of us
Ooh, maybe I'm no hero
But I can't help myself

[Outro]
All the birds, all the babies
All the trees in the spring
All the joy that it brings
All the top 10 centerfolds
All the joy, all the babies
All the leaves in the spring
All the love that it brings
I can't help myself
Ohhhh Baby

Come on baby, Come on now

Sidestep
Hey, Don't you sidestep my love
Huh

They say it ain't about your car and your house
Or the money you make and how it all goes down
I think that its about keepin ones you love near
That's why im on the hop thinking you should be here
Maybe I should hurry up get by your side
Follow you around just be on your time
Or maybe I should just leave you behind
Maybe Im keeping you from a chance at a better life

Oh

Then I call you and I come out and tell you straight up
Baby I, I need your love
And you go sidestep, Pull me around
Put out your hand, Put me on down and I
Wanna know why, why you don't need my love
Then you go sidestep, Swing me around
Put out your hand, Put me on down and I
Wanna know why, why you ain't in no hurry for my love

Oh

Hmmm
You ain't in no hurry

Baby
That makes me worry

On the telephone telling me tired of being alone
But we staying up allnight
Talking about I ain't doing right

Baby come on

Oh and when I open up and straight up tell you
Baby
A man needs love too

Then you go sidestep
Spin me around, Put out your hand
Put me on down and I, Wonder why you ain't
Ain't in no hurry for my love
Come on now

Oh
Hey baby
Sidestep
Hey

Come on baby
Come on Now

Hey Sidestep Hey
Don't you sidestep my love

Come on baby uh

I drop everything and cancel my plans, uh
And I come to you hat in my hand
Hoping we can find a new way to understand babe
And maybe we can be a better woman and man

Come on now

Oh I need you cause you're my best friend
But I can't believe it, here we go again

When you go sidestep
Pull me around, Put out your hand
Put me on down and I, Wanna know why
Why you don't need my love
Then you go sidestep
Swing me around, Put out your hand
Put me on down and I, Wanna know why
Why you don't need my love
Ooohh

Sidestep
Swing it around, Put out your hand
Put me on down and I, Wonder why you ain't
Ain't in no hurry for my love

Come on baby

Yeah all right
Oh Sidestep huh

Come on baby

Come on now

Sidestep hey
Swing it around, Pull it on down

Come on

Don't you sidestep my love

Come on baby

Sidestep
Hey Sidestep my love
Pull me around, Open your heart baby
Don't you sidestep me
Sidestep my love

Come on now

Come on baby

Whooooooo, aahh

Jvmx

[Lil Wayne]

Its major move right here baby
You gotta get wit it or get lost
(Ya understand?)

[Lloyd]
(Yea)
Its Young Lloyd
Reporting live from Atlanta, Georgia (Weezy F Baby)
Decatur where its GREAT
And uh I want all my sexy ladies to report to the dancefloor immediately
We gon go head and glide dis one ya'll
Speak Weezy

[Lil Wayne]
(Yea)
Right off the back ma tha boy got dollars
So women come frequent like flight mileage
It ain't no secret (I) I might holla
But I ain't gon sweat ya baby
Imma let ya
Catch up wit ya game
Run faster
Dont let em lose ya cause I ain't gon bless ya
Unless ya
Feel a lil desperate
Send a nigga a text message girl

[Lloyd]
Stop!...wait a minute
Da way you move dat girl you done got my heart all in it
And I just wanna be with you tonite (girl please)
Imma playa dat is true
But I change da game for you
Lets see wat it do

[Hook - Lloyd]
Can I be ya friend?
Dis is how I feel
Im in need of love
So lets dip up out of here
Ooohh ya just my type
Everythings so right
I just wanna chill
Lets dip up out of here
(Lets dip up out of here)

[Chorus - Lloyd]
I ha ha haaaa haaaaa
(She's fine too but I want you)
I ha ha ha haaaa haaaaa
(She's fine too but I want you)

[Lloyd]
((I) I admit it)
Dis just ain't no game these just ain't words
(Dat Im spittin)
If you could see tha thoughts dats in my head (Dats in my head)
(Im trippin)
Imma playa dat is true
But I change da game for youuu
Lets see wat it do (Oooooh)

[Hook - Lloyd]
Can I be ya friend?
Dis is how I feel
Im in need of love
So lets dip up out of here
Ooohh ya just my type

Everythings so right (so right)
I just wanna chill
Lets dip up out of here
(Lets dip up out of here)

[Chorus - Lloyd]
I ha ha haaaa haaaaa
(She's fine too but I want you)
I ha ha ha haaaa haaaaa
(She's fine too but I want you)

[Lil Wayne]
(Yeah)
Weezy F baby da key to da ladies
Keys to tha safe so please say da baby
Weed and patron even in tha a.m
We should be alone we can get a day in
Ya like wat Im sayin?
Den come around tha way and
We can go inside and stay in
Tell da homeboy ya stayin
You've been taken
Gone
Turn me on and Imma turn him out
You kno I love you like good food
You kno you fuckin wit a good dude
You kno you give good brain like you graduated from a good school
You kno Imma good move
You should do (me)
See...shawty wat it is?
Da Carter who it is
Now shawty do it big
A party at my crib
Dats a party in da hillz
You call it wat you want
But she can call it wat she feel
(Ooowwww!!!)

[Hook - Lloyd]
Can I be ya friend?
Dis is how I feel
Im in need of love
So lets dip up out of here
Ooohh ya just my type
Everythings so right (so right)
I just wanna chill
Lets dip up out of here
(Lets dip up out of here)

[Chorus - Lloyd]
I ha ha haaaa haaaaa
(She's fine too but I want you)
I ha ha ha haaaa haaaaa
(She's fine too but I want you)

[Lil Wayne]
I ain't nuttin but a nonviolent nigga (yaknowatimean?)
Me & lil' Lloyd long hair dont care
Yo wattup Ryan I see you baby
(Yea)
Its major move right here baby
I ain't talkin fast its just you listenin' slow (yaknowatimean?)
You ain't tryna hear me den dont heard me
Im up outta hear
I ain't bein mean but you so mean in dem jeans (yaknowatimean?)
So wat you want me to do?

[Verse 1]
Just charge it to my account
I hope I haven't gone over my limit
With interest rates so swift
No need to scream and shout
No doubt if women are from Venus now
I'll get to them somehow

[Bridge]
All I want to do is please you
Please myself by living my life too

[Chorus]
And all the stupid things I do
Have absolutely no reflection on
How I feel about you
How I feel about
All the stupid things I do have absolutely no reflection on
How I feel about you
How I feel about you, yeah

[Verse 2]
Oh, yes I recall
Skipping on breakfast to play basketball
Then feeling two feet small

Sometimes, you read like William Shakes
Your scent is sweet like Betty Crocker bakes
I'd love to have your cake and eat it too

[Bridge]
All I want to do is please you
Please myself by living my life too

[Chorus]
And all the stupid things I do
Have absolutely no reflection on
How I feel about you
How I feel about
All the stupid things I do have absolutely no reflection on
How I feel about you
How I feel about you, yeah

And all the stupid things I do
Have absolutely no reflection on
How I feel about you
How I feel about
Oh, how I feel about you
How I feel about you, yeah (oooh, oh)

[Intro]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Oh yeah yeah, yeah yeah (Whoa, whoa)
Ooh, ooh, whoa, baby (Whoa, whoa, whoa)

[Verse 1]
I'm not gonna say a word
To make your walk out the door
And I'll never break your heart
Or make you not love me more, baby

[Pre-Chorus]
We fit so good together
Everyone says they've never seen better, babe
We got the world in our hands
You're my lover and my best friend

[Chorus]
And we are a family
You are my everything
We are a family (Whoa, whoa)
You and me and baby makes three (Whoa, whoa)
We are a family (Family)
You are my everything (You and me)
We are family (Family)
You and me and baby makes three (You and me)

[Verse 2]
If you ever feel like
I'm not holding my end (Holding up my end)
Tell me, baby, I'll fix it, boo
I wanna be your perfect man

[Pre-Chorus]
The way that we laugh together
The way you dress, missy - try this sweater, babe
We've got the world tonight
Waking up next to you feels so right

[Chorus]
And we are a family
You are my everything
We are a family (Whoa, whoa)
You and me and baby makes three (Whoa, whoa)
We are a family (Family)
You are my everything (You and me)
We are family (Family)
You and me and baby makes three (You and me), woo, oh

[Outro]
Family (We a family, we a family)
You and me (We a family, we a family)
Family (We a family, we a family, baby)
You and me (We a family, we a family)
Family
You and me
Family
You and me
Family
You and me
Family
You and me
I got papercuts
Papercuts, papercuts, papercuts
Gettin this (money)
Spending this (money)
Counting this (money)
Gettin this
(repeated)

[Lil Wayne]
Young Money Weezy, B-gang bi-otch
Abstract artist, call me Basquiat
Bad Ass Carter, fuck ya bitch harder
Wild nigga, make her give me brains like Harvard
I don't play at all, ball like a small foward
Keep a buncha bitches like Ray J Norwood
Flow so sick, I hear the beat and get nauseous
Then I just kill it, turn this bitch into a carcass
Live in Miami, I ain't never see a dolphin
You come to New Orleans, fuck around and see a coffin
Nigga got power like a f-ckin' Mighty Morphin
Get money more than often, my loft in-
Atlanta, and I got a cabana
And I got a banana-clip up in the cannon
Big dog shittin' on all you cocker-spaniels
I just keep shootin' like I'm flippin' thru the channels
Tunechi

[Chorus]

[Fiend]
I'm a residue rapper, potato chip crack daddy
You cockroach rhyming
I spit that (?)
And while I'm after more like give me
Fitted all red like I came down a chimney
And how I murder rappers I know God won't forgive me (forgive me)
Flow automatic not semi
And you getting by with yours like 1 kidney
I gets busy, voice like (?)
Counting money in the tele like (?)
I'ma need a meaner and I do it double
Send it up to Lucas, start it on the hustle
Yeah I hustle (?)
I got a few dollars even bailed out the ride
(?)

[Chorus]

[Mystikal]

[End]

I know, I know. This isn't exactly complete. I started the Fiend verse then realised I don't even understand him or Mystikal so feel free to drop there verse's in comments and I will update

But I know you only came to this page to read the Weezy lyrics so don't complain! lol

[Verse 1]
The clouds part
And the sun shines down on your heart
And the seas part, yeah
Calm the river's flow, woo
Oh, I just wanna float on my back
Feel some of those arms wrapping around me, yeah
Trying to do what's expected of you
I keep striving — oh, it hurts to
God, stress, make it go
Stress, puts up the walls in my soul, ooh
And then I, I take it out
On the one I can't live without, oh

[Chorus]
I just gotta let it go, woo
Sometimes you gotta ebb and flow, hey
Sometimes you love and sometimes you don't, oh now
I just gotta ebb and flow

[Verse 2]
I'm gonna take what's in front of me tonight
Sometimes you just gotta float
Sometimes the waves are gonna crash you to the shore, woo
Sometimes the peace comes and settles your soul
Sometimes the anger's so strong you just wanna lose control
Then I, I take it out
On the one I can't live without
Alright

[Chorus]
I just gotta let it go, Lord
Sometimes you gotta ebb and flow, hey
Sometimes you love and sometimes you don't, alright
I just gotta ebb and flow

[Outro]
You know when the good times come
You know the bad's gonna come, too, yeah
I don't know what to call it
But I'll just guess I'll call it
Alright
L-I-F-E
L-I-F-E
Ain't nothing but life, man
Life is gonna put you through it, oh
Come on, oh, oh, woo

[Verse 1]
I met this pretty girl
She was from D.C
I liked the way that she smile
Said, "There's a party tonight
You wanna come with me?"
She said, "Baby, I'll try."
I waited all night long
For her to walk in
For her to bring me her light
Then she came in the room
She looked right at me
She was the vision of my life

[Chorus]
I love, my life
Everything is wonderful
My life
The sun is out, it's shining so bright
My life
Just like it's supposed to go
My life
And it's just getting started tonight
You and me, we're living the dream tonight, tonight
You and me, we're living the dream alright, alright
You and me, we're living the dream tonight, tonight
You and me, we're living the dream alright, alright

[Verse 2]
I'm in the perfect place
Can't wipe the smile off my face
Ain't nothin' bringing me down
I feel like clappin' my hands
I feel like stompin' my feet
I feel like groovin' all night
With your body close to me
I hope you can feel my energy
Watch you move your body, get hot with me
You and I are celebrating tonight
It's all around me now
You couldn't stop it if you tried
Today is like no other day
Cause I'm havin' the time of my life

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
Take me to the sky
Like never before, like never before
And we'll lie back on the moon
Like never before, like never before
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Tonight, tonight
Alright, alright
Tonight, tonight
Alright, alright

[Chorus]
Oh, it's a new love, it's a new day
It's a new world, it's a brand new love
You and me, babe, one on one
I never thought I'd be so happy with my new love

[Verse 1]
Like the first fall of snow
Rainy days with you to hold
Bare feet on the beach
Skinny dippin', you and me
Don't matter if it's cold
I got you to keep me warm
You make me feel just like a child
I just wanna make you smile

[Pre-Chorus]
We're just walking in the park
Holdin' hands 'til it gets dark
It's so simple, babe, we just wanna be in love, oh

[Chorus]
It's a new love it's a new day
It's a new world, it's a brand new love
You and me, babe, one on one
I never thought I'd be so happy with my new love
It's a new love, it's a new day
It's a new world, it's a brand new love
You and me, babe, one on one
I never thought I'd be so happy with my new love

[Verse 2]
Come and sit on my lap
I can't get enough of that
My fingertips on your back
I just wanna make you smile
You never have to be alone
Ooh, you got me to keep you warm
I change the way you look at me
I just wanna make you smile, oh

[Pre-Chorus]
We're just sitting on the dock of the bay
Watching the past go by
Wind rustlin' under your skirt
Give you my jacket and hold you close 'cause I

[Chorus]
It's a new love, it's a new day
It's a new world, it's a brand new love
You and me, babe, one on one
I never thought I'd be so happy with my new love
It's a new love, it's a new day
It's a new world, it's a brand new love
You and me, babe, one on one
I never thought I'd be so happy with my new love

[Chorus]
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt

[Verse 1]
It's holding me
It's got me down
I'm no stranger
Stranger to the shadow of doubt
It's to the end
There's no surrender
It's good and evil
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
I'm in flames
I'm on fire
I wanna dance like I'm James Brown

[Chorus]
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt

[Verse 2]
I've had enough
Off with the glove
A full fighter
I'm looking for love
I'm Fat Larry
I'm Skinny D
I'm on the runaway
Take off with me

[Chorus]
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
A-doo-doo-doo
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt

[Bridge]
Ooh, I got a war going on in my head
And I just can't seem to shake this feeling off, oh
Negativity coming over me, ooh ooh ooh

[Verse 3]
I keep firing
I keep shooting
I get anxious
I get nervous
I'm impatient
I'm curious
I got a rebel life
No, I don't

[Chorus]
A-doo-doo-doo (I keep strivin')
A-doo-doo-doo (I keep pushin' on)
A-doo-doo-doo
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
A-doo-doo-doo (I keep tryin')
A-doo-doo-doo (I keep fighting on)
A-doo-doo-doo (Come on)
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt

[Outro]
Shadow (Oh)
Shadow (Keep on grinding on)
Shadow (Keep on pushing on)
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
Shadow (Keep on fighting)
Shadow (Keep on going)
Shadow (Keep on believing)
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
Shadow (Yes, I can)
Shadow (Yes, I can)
Shadow (Shadow)
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
(Keep on believing)
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt
Gotta fight the shadow of doubt

[Verse 1]
I'm a Superman thanks to Lois Lane
Kissed away my problems when I went insane
Fished me from the bottom when I lost my name
And gave me something I could live for (Something I could live for)
And everybody wonders what's the change
They don't recognize me because I got so much to say
And I never thought anyone could love someone
So much that they give up on everything
Ooh-hoo, baby

[Chorus]
I'ma be there to take care of you
I'ma be there when you cry babe
I'ma be there when you need someone to tell you
That you're beautiful, baby, oh
I'ma be there when you need someone to run with
I'ma be there when you need someone to dance with
I'm your lover when the skies turn gray
Every day 'til it's beautiful, baby
Oh, 'til it's beautiful
'Til it's beau-ooh-ooh, baby
'Til it's beautiful, baby

[Verse 2]
I'm a butterfly when I'm in your hands
You can turn the pavement into white sand
You can make a moment, a memory in a glance
And I can't believe anyone else
And everybody's talking
But you always keep shining
You never stop glistening, babe
And I never thought anyone could love someone
So much that they give up on everything, ooh

[Chorus]
I'ma be there to take care of you
I'ma be there when you cry, baby
I'ma be there when you need someone to tell you
That you're beautiful, baby, oh
I'ma be there when you need someone to run with
I'ma be there when you need someone to dance with
I'm your lover when the skies turn gray
Every day 'til it's beautiful, baby
I'm your Superman, baby
Yeah
Your Superman, baby
Ooh, ooh, ooh
'Til it's beautiful
'Til it's beautiful
'Til it's beautiful, baby
Your Superman, babe
'Til it's beautiful
'Til it's beau-ooh-ooh
'Til it's beautiful, baby

[Verse 3]
There's a million people underneath the sun
That can find a million more and never find the one
There's a girl who did, she's said a socialite
Was on magazines and was the shy type, baby
But I'm a Superman thanks to Lois Lane
Kissed away my problems when I went insane
Fished me from the bottom when I lost my name
And I never thought anyone could ever love someone so much

[Chorus]
I'ma be there to take care of you
I'ma be there when you cry, babe
I'ma be there when you need someone to tell you
That you're beautiful, baby
(That you're beautiful, baby)
I'ma be there when you need someone to run with
I'ma will be there when you need someone to dance with
I'm your lover when the skies turn gray
Every day 'til it's beautiful, baby

[Outro]
I'm your Superman, baby
'Til it's beautiful
'Til it's beautiful
'Til it's beautiful, baby
Your Superman, babe
'Til it's beautiful
'Til it's beautiful
'Til it's beautiful, baby
Yeah

[Verse 1]
It's amazing the way the darkness falls
And the truth out there is cold
And nothing to keep you warm
Jealousy and lies within me
I got a feeling the sun won't shine today, oh
And I gotta know right now
Will I be rich, have everything I want
I stop myself and look to the sky

[Chorus]
Oh, I gotta give myself up to the sky
The only truth is in the sky

[Verse 2]
Nobody else can tell 'cause I'm stuck in a spell
Of greed and anger and hate
Ooh, I tried, I tried, I tried to rise above it
But it comes right back
Creeps up on me and it hits me double time

[Bridge]
This can't be my fate
It's never too late
I wake up holding on to this pain
And there's nothing else I can do
But to give myself up to the sky
Take me, take me to the, to the sky
Take me, take me, take me to the sky
Oh, it's so wrong out here, I need the sky
So cold out here, could it send me in to fly
Oh, I gotta give myself to the sky
Ooh, baby, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Let me, let me, let me take you, take you to the sky
To the sky, ooh, to the sky
Honey, let me hold you, keep you, take you to the sky
(Oh, oh) When you ask yourself
(Oh, oh) "Hey, why me?"
And "why not me" when you're down on your knees
Hey, look to the sky, woo (Oh, oh)
Just look to the sky (Oh, oh)
You don't need no faster car
Or no bigger house
All you really need is friends and love (To the sky)
Hey, come on home (To the sky)
Woo, throw up your hands
Just throw up your heart
All you really need is love, woo-ooh

[Outro]
I'm comin' home
Come on home
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh

[Intro]
Aaaaah, aaaaah

[Verse 1]
White man's killing the black man
Black man's chasing the red
War in these streets
No talkin' 'bout peace
With dogs off the leash
Under pressure
All of this violence
And hate crime is rising
The world ain't the same as it was (nah, nah)

Aaaaah

[Chorus]
But it's never too late to try
To get on the same side
Get on the same side
It's cherry blue skies
Where there's cherry blue skies
Awwww, yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh

[Verse 2]
Everything's a struggle
Freedom's worth a fight
And love is still the answer at all times
Girlfriends and lovers
Sisters and brothers
All love the same from the moon

[Chorus]
But it's never too late to try
To get on the same side
Get on the same side
It's cherry blue skies
Where there's cherry blue skies

[Break]
It's never too late to try
To get on the same side
Get on the same side
It's never too late to try
Where there's cherry blue skies

It's never gonna be too late
Oh, ho... a place where there's hope
A place where there's peace
It's never too late to try
Oh, the cherry blue
Oh, the cherry blue skies
Try

Awww, baby
Ah, baby
Ooh
Aah, ooh, baby

[Breakdown]
They don't know (ooh)
They're not ready for you, baby (no, no)
They don't know
Open up, make a better way

They don't know (aah, yeah)
They're not ready for you, baby
They don't know
Open up, make a better way

Ooh
Yah!
Fade out

[Verse 1]
All of the flowers in bloom
She took away her sweet love when she died
And all of the flowers have been put into the garage

Why do I dance with these fools?
All of my life, I've fallen against her heart
Over and over and over again

Though I made her seem lucky in my arms
Made her a promise more than once

[Chorus]
I promised her love
She keeps on knocking but she can't get in
And though I promised her love
She keeps on knocking but she can't get in
And though I promised her love
Over and over and over again
Over and over and over again
Over and over

[Verse 2]
So, what do I do with these tears?
She wonders why I get all against her heart
And how can I tell her I love her the way I treat her (ooh)
Though I made it seem honest more than once

[Chorus]
I promised her love
She keeps on knocking but she can't get in
And though I promised her love
She keeps on knocking but she can't get in
And though I promised her love
She keeps on knocking but she... can't get in
The promise of love
She keeps on knocking but she can't get in
And though I promised her

[Breakdown]
Love, sweet love, sweet love, oh love
Oh love, oh love, oh love, oh love
Oh love, oh love, oh love, oh love
Oh love, oh love, oh love, oh love

Over and over and over again
Over and over and over again
Over and over
All the flowers in bloom
I've never seen such beauty in my life
In all of the daydreams
All of the kids get to play (oooh, oh)
La, la, la, la, la, la, la...

Ooh!
(*Prod. by The Legendary Traxster)

[** "Wetter" by Twista {Sampler}:]

[** feat. Shanell:]

[Shanell:]
I'm calling your daddy*
Daddy
Can you be my daddy
Daddy
I need a daddy
Daddy
Could you be my daddy
Daddy
Come and make it rain down on meee
Come and make it rain down on meee

[Lil Wayne:]
Uhh
Wide receever weezy
Throw da pussy at me
Ya pussy lips smilin
I make da pussy happy
Take your panties off
The pussy lookin at me
I'm the pussy monster
Now get the pussy ready
I like to kiss, she like to kiss
Dat beef stroke, and make her bite her fist
The lights is on, the night is grown
We get it poppin cuz we know we can when wifey home
California kush strong as a tightness what im lighten on
We get high as fuck and we just do it put ya nikes on
Tatoos on her waist she like the tatoos on my face
And if there's sum she like to say I let her say it on my microphone
She love my style, but thats expected
She comin back to you, the chance is anorexic
I new she had it in her, so i got it out her
She give me neck around the clock i call it round a collar
She rub my back, she say im tight
She cook fucking clean
And still make her flight
First class pussy
Crystal glass pussy
I get it wetter then bass pussy

[Shanell:] (you done be)
Uhh
I like some chicken red
Ralph Lauren spread
Lady in the streets
Porn star in bed
She like to fuck fight
So we spar in bed
She got that pink pussy
I be the orange red
I fuck american pie
And I get foreign head
She sit down and ride
Like I'm a thorough bred
She kiss mine
And I kiss hers back
If she's a bad bitch
She deserve that
She send me pictures to my iphone
Then I gotta clear em cuz my girl be checkin' my phone
I'm in the buildin with the mind blown
And I'm in the pussy honey I'm home

[Shanell:]
U done been good
But you can do better
I done been wet
But I can get wetter
Come and make it way down on mee
(Yeh no cielings mutha fucka ahhh)
U done been good
But you can do better
I done been wet
But I can get wetter
Come and make it way down on mee
(Yeahh I like that)
I'm calling you daddy
(Her name shanell by the way)
Daddy
Can you be my daddy (young money)
Daddy
I need a daddy (no ceilings)
Daddy
Would you be my daddy
Daddy
Come and make it way down on mee (young mula babyy)
Come and make it way down on mee (no ceilings mutha f-cka ahh)

[Verse 1]
I wanna use my hands on your body
I wanna explore your rivers and your valleys
From the top of your mind into the depths of your sea
I wanna fuel the fire inside of me, yeah

[Chorus]
I'm your loverman (Whoa), digging as deep as I can
I'm your loverman, and I travel (Ooh), I travel
(I'm your loverman)
I'm your loverman (Loverman), going as far as I can (Ooh)
I'm your loverman (Yeah, yeah), and I travel, I travel

[Verse 2]
I wanna look in your eyes, pass the mask you hide behind
I wanna know all of you
What makes you smile what makes you blue
You know I wanna please you, take you so high
Forget that you can't fly
We're just spaceships in the night

[Pre-Chorus]
You're ripping your clothes off of the past
Making a new path, and a brand new day
Baby, come with me, I'll take you away

[Chorus]
I'm your loverman (Your loverman), digging as deep as I can
I'm your loverman and I travel, I travel (I'm your loverman)
I'm your loverman, going as far as I can
I'm your loverman, and I travel, I travel

[Bridge]
Je t'aime, je t'aime mi amor
Je t'aime, je t'aime mi amor
From the garden in the Versailles, to the desert in Dubai
From the top of the Great Wall, we can touch the sky

[Chorus]
I'm your loverman, digging as deep as I can (I'm your loverman)
I'm your loverman (Your loverman), and I travel, I travel
I'm your loverman (I'm your loverman), going as far as I can (Ooh)
I'm your loverman and I travel, I travel (Baby, I'm)
I'm your loverman (Loverman), digging as deep as I can (Oh)
I'm your loverman (Your loverman), and I travel, I travel
I'm your loverman (Yeah, yeah, yeah), going as far as I can (Ooh)
I'm your loverman (Ooh ooh ooh ooh), and I travel, I travel

[Lil Wayne]
And I don’t mind when we fall out
As long as we fall back into it
I hope we never put an end to it
Even though you not that into it
Heaven, have you ever been to it
Cause you look like you never been
You’re more like a Hell’s angel
And for you, I’d rather sin
Broken heart, Love you with a broken heart
For you I’ll jump off Noah’s Ark
Love is blind and hope is dark
But why does pain feel so good
Love is science, live for you
Die for you, and I’ll die smiling

[Bruno Mars]
Easy come, easy go
That’s just how you live, oh
Take, take, take it all
But you never give
Should of known you was trouble from the first kiss
Had your eyes wide open
Why were they open?
Gave you all I had
And you tossed it in the trash
You tossed it in the trash, you did
To give me all your love is all I ever asked
Cause what you don’t understand is

[Hook]
I’d catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I’d jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
You know I’d do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh, oh
I would go through all this pain
Take a bullet straight through my brain
Yes, I would die for ya baby;
But you won’t do the same
No, no, no, no
Black, black, black and blue beat me till I’m numb
Tell the devil I said “hey” when you get back to where you’re from
Mad woman, bad woman
That’s just what you are, yeah
You’ll smile in my face then rip the brakes out my car
Gave you all I had
And you tossed it in the trash
You tossed it in the trash, yes you did
To give me all your love is all I ever asked
Cause what you don’t understand is

[Hook]
I’d catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I’d jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah , yeah)
You know I’d do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh, oh
I would go through all this pain
Take a bullet straight through my brain
Yes, I would die for ya baby;
But you won’t do the same
If my body was on fire, ooh
You’d watch me burn down in flames
You said you loved me you’re a liar
Cause you never, ever, ever did baby…
But darling I’ll still catch a grenade for ya
Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I’d jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
You know I’d do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh, oh
I would go through all this pain
Take a bullet straight through my brain
Yes, I would die for ya baby;
But you won’t do the same
No, you won’t do the same
You wouldn’t do the same
Ooh, you’ll never do the same
No, no, no, no
Oooh
Yeahh
Cut the music up in the head phones, please
That's more like it
Uh, uh, uh yeah
This that rock with me music, buck with me music
Baby come to my pad and f*ck with me music
F*ckin with me music, f*ckin with me loose your life
I would like to prove it but that's why I got gooned-ed
Ever since a junior, I've been on that bullshit
You don't have a fireplace? that's how hot your wood get
So santa come yo ass down the chimney
Behind my kids I leave your gift bag empty
Riff raff plenty, yeah that's what ya'll do
I got two tech nines should I text or call you
Muthaf*cka I kill all you, put the pump to your ear and
Pump up the volume, knock out a tall dude, bear hug a fat boy
I f*cked the teacher and stomp on the frat boy
I don't believe the preacher and I never been a choir boy
But my pockets do hit high notes like mariah boy
Yeah, I keep my angel low like maya boy
Then I pull it out and give you wings watch me flya boy
Used to be a hot boy now I'm fire boy
I'm talking fire, like rubbin cauduroy
Oops, I meant corduroy, carter boy, stuntin like my father boy
Flow like water boy, even though I got a voice like the boy on water boy
They pay a ton like my first name is walter boy
Sweetness, but see you'd rather 'nsult a boy
But I put that pimp in ya step like walter boy
Chuch, and weezy f's the alter boy
And yes I am a dog, now watch me cat-a-pul-ta boy
And yes I'm extra alter, yes a vulture, catch you walkin
Extra talkin to the morgue by extra coffins
Yeah I'm hype like my wife, man
Extra coffee, me and my wife be A Ok no time to shake them exes of me hah
What it is, I'm back on my biz'
And I put that on the threads on the back of my kids
May that that eleven be attached to my ribs
And the bullets that I give be attached to his
I'm back muthaf*cka, I'm that muthaf*cka
But besides barack I'm one hell of a black muthaf*cka
Ya digg? f*ck every fish in the river
I bet my love boat f*ck every fish in the river nigga
Yeah, when you in that trunk do you quiver nigga?
Cut the music up so we can't hear the nigga
Then we burn the car, with the nigga
Burn 'em so bad they can't tell if it is a nigga
We leave yo body lookin like a lizard nigga
My ma's a chef, do you wanna be for dinner nigga?
I'm at the finish like what's up with these beginner niggas?
I'm a winner nigga, but now and then a nigga
Shoutout to nas to help me tap into my inner nigga
And nigga or not, we are all sinners nigga
So please forgive me if I have to kill a nigga
And the president is still a nigga
Nigga

[Verse 1]
Ooh, where you goin'?
Bring your love out to the cold
Sit down, I'll tell you a little story
One of many that I know
And I went, "Oh, why you runnin'
Why you runnin' from the poor?"
See, I'm talkin' 'bout some of the places
You ain't thinkin' 'bout thinkin' to go
So, I'm like...

[Bridge]
Give it here
Give it to me, baby
Make it real
Make it really funky
Eat it up
Give it to me, baby
I can tell you wanna...

[Verse 2]
Aw, wouldn't you know it
Look who we got in control
Money; you thinkin' 'bout healin' your pockets
Need to think who needs it most, just like...
Aww, why you livin'
When you ain't been livin' love?
She don't practice her own religion
But baby loves her Santa Claus
Cause she's like...

[Bridge]
Give it here
Give it to me, baby
Make it real
Make it really funky
Eat it up
Feed it to me, daddy
I can tell you wanna...

[Chorus]
Flex with me (yeah)
Bring it on
You wanna flex with me
C'mon, baby
Bring it on
You wanna flex with me (oh, no)
Bring it on
You can bring it, give it, get it, get it
Bring it the way you want it, good

[Break]

Oh!

[Verse 3]
Ooh, where you goin'?
Bring your love back to the cause
See, I'm really 'bout lovin' the faces
So, I hit 'em where I go, just like...
Oh, I'm the best friend that you'd never thought you'd know
Seen the streets by runnin' mouth
Whether you want me or you don't
See, I'm like...

[Bridge]
Give it here
Give it to me, baby
Make it real
Make it really funky
Beedie, beedie boo
Give it to me, baby
I can tell...
AAAHHHH!!!!!!

[Chorus & Breakdown]
Yeah, baby... bring it on
You wanna flex with me
C'mon, baby... bring it on
You wanna flex with me
You can bring it, get it, get it, bring it, give it
You wanna flex with me
You can get it, bring it, give it
Get it the way you want it, get it good
Uhn... c'mon, baby... bring it on
You wanna flex (uhn)
C'mon, baby... bring it on
You wanna flex with me
C'mon, baby... bring it on
You wanna flex (uhn)
You know it... bring it on
You wanna flex with me
Ooh-hoo

[Ad-libbing]
This is the archetypal rock sound
Okay this really ain't no rock shit but um, hmh ahh let go
Hollygrove monsta, New Orleans maniac, shoot a nigga up until his whole body ain't attached
Hi, my name is best rapper alive
And your mouth is the best crapper alive
Cause you talk shit I get hit and walk it off like f*ck dat
Then I just spit like barkin' dogs call it buzz back
Attitude like f*ck 'em all
And I'm greasy and your boyfriend is a butterball
Was geezy, I mean what's good bitch is you blind
Check my watch bet it be money all the time
Sunny on the side where I stay at
Where M.I.A. at, I get pussy everytime I say dat
In the game room I don't play dat
Bitch nigga get laid down where he lay at
AK at ya front door, Young Zoe
You can ask Brisco shoot 'til my wrist sore
Coupe with a bitch low
Who but you slick po'
I'm tired of the south so ya mouth where the dick go
O.k., they like when I say dat huh?
And your boyfriend's a tampon
And I don't own land baby I own a land mine
So step on my land and catch a bomb like Anne Klein
Weezy F. ans the F is for franchise
You lookin' at me is like you lookin' through ant eyes
Young money can't die, bitch we like Hancock
Yeah I'm a martian what you sayin' Spock?
I turn yo beef into a hamhock
Then I put it in a pan pie
Shoot 'til my hand hot
I can't hear you sayin stop
I hear Nina sayin' pop
I hear Choppa' sayin' chop
I hear niggas screamin' and shit like I say holla at ya boy bitch
But holla at ya boy bitch
I'm the boy bitch
Not ya boy bitch
Cause ya boy a bitch
Yeah
Young Moolah crazy!

[Intro]
All I wanted to do was get it up and give love a chance
All I wanted to do was get it up and give love a chance
Oooh, looking at you, I got energy up in my pants
All I wanted to do was get up in it with you

[Verse 1]
In the bathroom
I'm high
The cocktail waitress
She's a nice girl
Ice girl
She blings like Vegas
When the phone bell rings
The cat bird sings
In the van, gets famous
Pour some tricks on my plate
Ego!

[Verse 2]
Here we go now
Hotel
We don't tell Nathan
She's a leg-long
Shoefly
The world's whole favorite
Gets a big deal done
Hot like butter
If she wants, she'll takes it
Pour some tricks on my plate
Ego!
Here we go!

[Chorus]
All I really know is she's gangsta (well, give it up!)
I don't want to leave yet
Who knows what she'll think of next

[Break]
La, la, la, la
La, la, laaa, la, la la
La, la, laaa, la, la, la, la
La, la, laaa, la, la, la

[Verse 3]
Plays pink guitar
Walks around me in bed
Runs her fingers through my hair
Likes the angels at my window
One of the fools
Winks that I won't do her best
Then she tells me whose it is
Lights go off and on and off and on and on

When we got in the car, we get out of hand (ooh, yeah)
She invited me places; I came too fast
Now I'm calling her all the time
She won't make no plans, yeah
All I wanted to do
Was get up in it with you
Ooh, hey!
Here we go!

[Chorus]
All I really know is she's gangsta (well, give it up!)
Man, go out and vote; she's gangsta
I don't want to leave yet
Who knows what she'll think of next

[Intro: x2]
I want something else

[Verse 1]
I'm a man
I love my drink
I like the girls
I've walked these streets
But I need a break, some new town
Cause the way it tastes
It ain't going down (I say)

[Hook]
I want something else
I love the stuff
It's never enough
I want something else (mmmh)
You know what i need
Just give it to me please
Losing control, i'm about to explode tonight

[Verse 2]
I got a girl
She's tired of this city
She wants to go where
She feels pretty (yes)
She wants a new mind
Sexy all the time
In the middle of the dinner
She whispers in my ear and says

[Hook]
I want something else
I love the stuff
It's never enough
I want something else
You know what I need
Just give it to me please
Losing control, I'm about to explode tonight

[Bridge]
I need to know (x4)
I need some more (x4)
It's never enough (x8)

[Hook: x2]
I want something else
I love the stuff
It's never enough
I want something else
You know what I need
Just give it to me please
Losing control, I'm about to explode tonight

[Verse 1]
She loved to fly, she ran away
From something at home, she would not say
She needed new friends, no doors would open
She had no place to stay
Then came a bird, Who knew the town
Who barely ever left the ground
They saw each other, they saw forever
They both knew it right away, oh

[Chorus]
Two love birds, two love signs
You got me going out of my mind
I love you for a lifetime
You got me going out of my mind
Two love birds, two love signs
You got me going out of my mind
I love you for a lifetime
You got me going out of my mind

[Verse 2]
They had it good, not lots of stuff
Not lots of money, just lots of love
She started working, he learned to cook
Somehow they made their way
Then they started flying all alone on their own
Up in the sky and now they're never ever home
They started fighting, then it got silent
They didn't know how to make it without each other

[Chorus]
They're just two love birds, two love signs
You got me going out of my mind
I love you for a lifetime
You got me going out of my mind
Two love birds, two love signs
You got me going out of my mind
I love you for a lifetime
You got me going out of my mind

[Instrumental Break]

[Chorus]
Two love birds, two love signs
You got me going out of my mind
I love you for a lifetime
You got me going out of my mind
Two love birds, two love signs
You got me going out of my mind
I love you for a lifetime
You got me going out of my mind
Two love birds, two love signs
You got me going out of my mind
I love you for a lifetime
You got me going out of my mind
I knew when I laid my eyes on you
The lights from above seemed to shine on only you
And you made me feel like I was flying
When I made you sparkle in your eyes
We ain't even 20 baby
I ain't learned to love you right, yeah
Umm, good thing I thought I was the shit back then
I sang in your ear cause I wanted you to know
That I had soul baby
I called you all the time
I guess I tried too hard to make you mine
You'd have nothing to do with me baby
Thank God that you changed, oh

For the rest of my life you know I'm gonna be yours
For the rest of my life you know I wanna be yours
For the rest of my life for you I'm gonna be strong
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay mine?
Finally convinced you to come over and just say hi
I said forever my lady and kissed you for the very first time
After months, holidays, holding hands in the park
Normally I'd just play basketball or something in the park
And I messed up like boys tend to do
It'd be a year till I got back with you
Thank God that you called me back baby
Cause I'd never be the man that I am today

For the rest of my life you know I'm gonna be yours
(Oh, you know I'm gonna be yours)
For the rest of my life you know I wanna be yours
(I wanna be, I wanna be yours)
For the rest of my life for you I'm gonna be strong
(For you I'm gonna be strong)
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay mine?

Then one night upon the phone
You said you were at home alone
I wasn't even old enough to drive
I saw my only chance just to keep it alive
Keep love alive
Good thing for you I stole my daddy's car
Cause no one's gonna ever love you better
Better than I do, yes I do
For the rest of my life you know I'm gonna be yours
For the rest of my life you know I wanna be yours
For the rest of my life for you I'm gonna be strong
For the rest of my life, for the rest of my life
Come on baby, will you stay forever?
I'm gon' love you baby
For the rest of my life for you I'm gonna be strong
Gon' love you baby, gon' love you right
For the rest of my life
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay?
Baby will you stay mine?
Through the rain girl
I found jesus
I found you and
I know nothing can take your place girl
Your red lipstick
And i'm just afraid
Cause this is the first time
That i'm not loving you
And i'm not loving you

I got married to the idea
To the notion
That youd always be here with me girl
Like my shadow
And I wish I was there
Just to run my hands through your hair
And i'm just afraid
Cuz this is the first time
That i'm not loving you
And i'm not loving you
Girl you know i'm always thinking of you
Haven't seen the summer since I saw you
Baby don't worry 'bout us
I feel your love
I feel you inside

And I wish I was there
Just to run my hands through your hair
And i'm just afraid
Cause this is the first time
That i'm not loving you
And i'm not loving you

Girl i'm not loving
And i'm not loving you

Girl you know i'm always thinking of you
Haven't seen the summer since I saw you
Baby don't worry bout us
I feel your love
I feel you inside baby

Girl i'm not loving you
You...
I'm just a rocker dude
Lookin for my rocker girl
Baby I'll rock your boat
Rock your bed, and rock your world
But gotta be as fly as me, me
You gotta know how to rock your stuff, stuff
VH1 Bret Michel's, Be my rock of love
Be as one, big stones
Lemme rock you up
Maybe marriage, baby carriage
Lemme knock you up
I could be your rocker daddy
You could be my rocker mommy
I could your chilly pepper
You could be my hot tamale
Have your ever made to a rockstar
In a hot car with the top off
In the middle of a parkin lot
You don't care who see, who look, or who watch ya
Pretty face
And the body soft as baby skin
She hopped on me and rode
I thought my name was Harley Davidson
You got your tattoos
I got my tattoos too
We stayin all night and do what rockstars do
We got the music
Bumpin thru the system
The room is real smoky
Highlights in a mansion
You loving all day
You sleeping all night
We up and hit the mall
Sweats cus you on bait
Try and imitate us
But could never duplicate us
Pull up in the Ferrari
Saying hello to all my haters
Have you ever mad love
To a rockstar
In a hot car
With his guitar, playing on the side
Have. you. ever. mad. love
You drive a fast car
I drive a fast car too
Suicide doors with the topless roof
Now were cursin
Glasses on the face
Cus he ducking paparazzi, they high speed chasin
We gotta mazaretti but we driven in a range
Cus we don't give a damn
Switch rides by the day, day, day
Now this is what I call rockstar love
This was the question I was thinkin of
Have you ever mad love
To a rockstar
In a hot car
With his guitar, playing on the side
Have. you. ever. mad. love
I'm a R.O.C.K star
And I can play
Like I play my guitar
Call me Weezy F. the best you ever saw
She the best you never saw
Cudnt even loook at me
Got a chauffeur
But he ain't even look me
In the back seat poppin like fried chicken cookin
And in tied to the
Like eyes on bugizzy
Shawty got class
And no I won't play hooky
But no not never
Put my feet on the pedal
And make that guitar go medal like
Ya told your girl
I could play
I could play the guitar

[Verse 1]
It's jus right, it's jus right
A million words will never say
The way I truly feel about
The one I just can't live without
'Cause it's like that, it's like that
The way you move, the way you dance
The way I know the moment when
You need my love, you need my hand
And all I wanna do is see you
All I wanna do is please you
I'm hypnotized by everything you do
I hope I'm jus right for you

[Chorus]
And baby I know, you're the only one for me
And it's right there on your lips
And it's right there in your kiss
And baby I know, you're the only air I breathe
And it's right there on your lips
And it's right there in your kiss
Jus right, jus right, jus right (Woo)
Jus right, jus right, jus right (Jus right)
Jus right, jus right, jus right (Jus right)
Jus right for me

[Verse 2]
I'll take you here, I'll take you there
I'll take your body anywhere
Baby, I'll work so hard for you
To make your fantasy come true
'Cause it's like that, it's like that
I got your front, I got your back
We'll take it slow, we'll make it last
'Cause it's like that, it's like that

[Pre-Chorus]
A little bit sweet, a little bit spice
A little bit naughty, a little bit nice
Tell me, baby, that you need me, too
That I'm jus right for you

[Chorus]
And baby I know, you're the only one for me
And it's right there on your lips
And it's right there in your kiss
And baby I know, you're the only air I breathe
And it's right there on your lips
And it's right there in your kiss
Jus right, jus right, jus right (Woo)
Jus right, jus right, jus right (Jus right)
Jus right, jus right, jus right (Jus right)
Jus right for me

[Outro]
It's like that, it's like that
Jus right (Jus right, jus right)
Jus right
'Cause it's like that, it's like that

[Interlude: Woman, Robin Thicke]
It starts with a kiss
Private clubs
Role playing
Voyeurism
Tickle me
I like to watch
Pinch me
Tickle me
Worship, worship me
It begins with kissing (It starts with a kiss)
One: Kiss me (Kiss me) (Ooh-hoo)
Two: Seduce me (Seduce me) (Ooh-hoo, baby)
Three: Tease me (Oh, oh)
Four: Worship me (Worship me)
Five: Tie me up, tie me down (Tie me down)
Six: Sixty-nine (Sixty-nine)
Seven: Roleplay with me
Eight: In a chair, on the stairs (On the stairs)
Nine: Beg for it (Yeah, yeah)
Ten: Make me beg for it (Make me beg for it) (Ooh-hoo)
Tickle me (Ooh-hoo, ooh-hoo)
Tease me
Fondle me

[Outro: Robin Thicke, Woman]
I'll be the doctor you be the nurse
I can go second, you can go first
Whatever's right for you, girl, you just can't miss
No matter what you do as long as you
Mind-fuck me, it starts with a kiss
Young mullah, baby
Umm, young mullah, baby
She says, do you have the time
To listen to me whine
She askin' who's on the other line?
You diss me every time
I tell 'em, baby I'm a star
Shit, I'm above a star
And now I done got so high
I did forgotten who you are
(Are, are)
Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh
Ah ah
Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh
Oh oh oh, ah, oh oh eh eh
Ah ah
I'm in love with you
But I can't be with you
Tomorrow I'll be back
Up on the first flight
Right up out of town
Young mullah, baby
Hop back in my spaceship
Girl, I gotta drop your ass off
(Oh oh eh eh)
Last night, yeah we were spaced girl
You love it, girl, I gotta take off
(Oh oh eh eh)
'Cause I'm a be here next week
So call your company and take off
Oh oh oh, yeah oh oh eh
'Cause she say, "Wayne, Wayne"
So she got me all impatient
Cry me a river
I can hear my conscious
While I say aloud
Boy, you got a problem
(Problem)
And you ain't foolin' no one
But yourself
You're like a hot revolver
(Hot revolver)
But you ain't killin' no one
But yourself
And so she's gone to party town
On her own
And you go by yourself
So all alone
I told her, I can be with her
But I can't be with her
As much as she like me to
She like me too much
That's the problem
Oh my God, then Shorty be whillin'
And when I say I got to leave
You wouldn't believe
All of the things that she'll do
And all of the things
That she'll say to make me stay
And I be like, 'Damn'
I'm not going for forever
I'll be back someday
But she wanna go with me
To outer space
So we made love in the Milky Way
And then I send her on her way
Boy, you got a problem
(Problem)
And you ain't foolin' no one
But yourself
You're like a hot revolver
But you ain't killin' no one
But yourself
And so she's gone to party town
On her own
And you go by yourself
So all alone
Now she's not picking up the phone
I don't know what to do
Thinking about visiting her home
Landing my space ship on her roof
Going through her bedroom window
Only to find a man shoe on the floor
Oh no
Oh no
Oh oh no
And I'm like
Who am I to blame
When she was pleading wayne
If you ever leave again
I don't wanna see you anymore
Hop back in my space ship
Hope that I don't spot you at all
Eh eh oh
Because baby if I see you
I'm a probably knock your ass out
Eh eh oh
Put you in the trunk
Throw him over the bridge and take off
Boy, you got a problem
(Problem)
And you ain't foolin' no one
But yourself
You're like a hot revolver
But you ain't killin' no one
But yourself
And so she's gone to party town
On her own
And you go by yourself
So all alone
Lil Wayne:
Good afternoon call me young tune im DOPA you all
In one spoon New Orleans law layer USA tax payer
Rapper slash rocker jazzy like a jazz player but im
Ask player you can ask players I don’t got stacks
I got layers I out-layers get your scale up married to
The game pick the bill up and kiss the game goodbye
Yall dry im Mr. Potato head to you small fries (yeah) you
Can check my archives and they nickname my swagger
Sharp knives (uhuh) first name my thoughts wise last
Name carters to rappers im jaws 5 last name carter
To rappers im saw 5. Young Mula Baby
Uhh slick diggy on my my one and two
So sweet what i did what a hunny do
No pun intendant, no one offended
You jump in and leave your girlfirend unattendant
I holla at her, holaa but dont scream
I ask her why sleep if you dont dream
So lets stay awake besides dreams are fake
She said oo you deep, i ask how deep can you take
My love boat in your lake
Baby can i spit my love note in your gate
Read em weep, sincerely fucking yours Weezy F. B
And my name is Weezy baby, and I'm young mulla baby
Okay now shawty high yellow shawty high crown
Shawty so grove
And so is my crown baby color me bad
Shawty toe red
And so is my flag
Purple in my bag
Black girls like datt
She ain't wana (she ain't wana) let wayne go
She jus wana wana follow the wayne grove
And i gun let her
Cause me and her colours create art
And my name is weeezy babyyy
And iam young mulla baby
I prefer that you would just call me weezy
East side gansta and i be running this shit
Like the flanker, black car banker
Hannker in the back pocket and i where them skinny jeans
So you see my fat wallet
Thats right ima big shot
Call me little cannon ball
Mister get up in your girl im all
Like sum imbecile
Hip hop president
And my girl eloquent
Dont she have more junk in her trunk
Than an elephant
Nigga im an animal
Watch me i examin you
And my truck are old but i swear to you my flannel?
Man i get money manual
Then i just mang you
Bitch ass nigga
Im guna light my lan roof
Young money
Drought Three
Haha
Look, I Bought It Out Like Stunna
I Hope When We Kiss We Make Ya Sick To Ya Stomach
Stuntin Like My Daddy And Ya Mamma Eat Rubbas
I Bet That I Can Do The Mouth To Mouth With Ya Woman
My House Is A Dungeon
Yellow Diamond Ring Lookin Like A Little Funion
Stand On My Toes You Can Call Me Paul Bunyan
Switchin Up My Floors Like A Nigga Do Construction
The Microphone Wet Cause My Words Like Seduction
N Wen We On Tha Jet Ya Don't Come Up In The Discussion
And If Ya Say Ya Ballin We Prolly Don't Trust Ya
And I Know Plenty Freaky Hoes That Prolly Won't F*ck Ya
Even If Ya Bad Boy They Prolly Won't F*ck Ya
Only If I Say That She Can Touch Ya Like Busta
But She Mite Touch Ya N Burn Ya Like Usha
Me N My Clique Be In Red Like Brusha
I Shit These Rappers Out N Sometimes I Forget To Flush Ya
Granddaddy Purp Or Bubba Kush Crusha
Explode In A Bitch Mouth Like A Gusha
Cash Money, Young Money Check The Production
I Am Just A Martion Get Prepared For Abduction
I Walk It Out Like Crutches
Two Girls Jump Me Like Double Dutches
My Nigga T-Streets Know A Girl Named Duchess
N Everytime We See Her In The Streets She Be Cussin
I Told Him He Should Wave The Black Flag Cause She Buggin
He Say The Pussy Good
He Say Ya Dig So I Dug Em
I'm Lookin For A Real Bad Bitch With A Husband
I Give Her Much Dick And A Whole Lotta Nuttin
I'm Spiitin Like I stumbled On A Gold Pot Or Sumtin
N Wen I Was Six I Saw My Role Modle Hustlin
So I Gotta Hustle
These Rappers Talkin Bout A Whole Lotta Nuttin
Ya Drop Me On Saturday I'm Sold Out On Sunday
F*ck Is The Arguin Bout
Nigga The Carter Out
This Is What I Call A Drought... 3
N We Don't Walk It Out
We Drop Top Porshe It Out
Ya Betta Walk Em Out
Before We Chalk Em Out
We Chalk It Out
We Chalk It Out
We Chalk It Out
We Chalk It Out
We Chalk It Out
We Chalk It Out
We Chalk It Out
We Chalk Em Out
They Don't Want It Uhh Uhh
No They Don't Want It Uhh Uhh
You See They Phony I'm Not
Oh Yea They Phony I'm Not
I Eastside Walk It Out
I Bring New Orleans Out
I Am A Saints Fan
O Yea We Marchin Now
Like Were A Saints Band
I Play The Organs Now
And If They Talkin Most Likely I'm What They Talkin Bout
My Nigga T From The East roll up that forest now
Man I'm Jus Tryin To Get My Peanuts, I'm Like Charlie Brown
Ok That Engine Make That Harley Sound
Take Two Leave Then Walk Around
Come Straight from that Homeless Town, this game belongs to Carter Now Bitch
I say girl don't you do that
You pussy poppin', I'm gone shoot back
And If you do me, then I'll do you back
There's 69 ways that we can do that, so come on
Laawwd!
Shake it like a dog
Wrooof!
Turn around back it up now catch the ball
Wrooof!
Catch the wall
Wrooof!
Now catch the wall
Wroof!
Just pick ya ass up
Yah!
And let it fall slow
Little nigga but in that pussy
I stand tall
And tell ya man I beat up niggas like HARPO
You seen "The Color Purple"
And we don't smoke dat green
We smoke the color purple
Yah!
And we're not gonna stop just because
The feds and the cops are watching us
See we don't give a damn wat they say
We do wat we want to
Young money mu'thaf*cka
Got them hoes watching us
I say my niggas high
I like to f*ck
And I can look dead in her face
And see that she wants to
And when we finish making love I say
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want you around
Like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
And when we finish making love I say
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want u around
I'm gon be hollerin like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
Maacckk maaiinne
I say my chinky black bullets make a bitch get off me
(bitch get off me!)
I get like Lauren Hill I be killin em softly
(killin em softly!)
I just got copped a new whip and the interior toffee
(interrior toffee!)
And I skim milked the paint to make it look like coffee
(it look like coffee!)
Folgers I dun told cha
How to roll up
(how to roll up)
20's on my coupe and 26's on my Rover
(26's on my Rover bitch!)
Money in my pocket and patron in my cup
(alright ah yah yah yah)
N I got bitches on my dick n I got bitches on my nuts
(we ain't neva lost)
Natural born hustler
Shiesty individual
Play with my bread
Shit'll end up critical
I ain't just start spittin flame
Boo been a fool
Balla baby
Pool in the living room
Retractable roof
Maybach coupe
I Chloe my bitch bags
And Guiseppi her boots
We do it B.I.G like gimmie the loot
U trippin off 1 hoe
Pimp I get em in twos
And when I'm done I tell em
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want u around
Like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
And when we finish making love I say
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want u around
Like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
They say what goes up must come down
Well I'm high as a muthaf*cka right now
Do me a favor, lay a layer of pillows on the ground
Run around in a pair of shoes so fly
And the box came with a parachute no lie
Spitta nigga I be a sight for sore eyes
Spitta nigga I'm a delight to ya whole eyes
Neva give a inch to a bitch
For the po-Lice
And we're not gonna stop just because
The feds and the cops are watching us
See we don't give a damn wat they say
We do wat we want to
Young money mu'thaf*cka
Got them hoes watching us
I say my niggas high
I like to f*ck
And I can look dead in her face
And see that she wants to
And when we finish making love I say
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want u around
Like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
And when we finish making love I say
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want u around
Like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
Now take it off shawty
Take it off shawty
Take it off shawty
And when I'm done witchu
I'm gon shake u off shawty
Shake u off shawty
Shake u off shawty
Now wat u tell her girl
Take it off shawty
Take it off shawty
Take it off shawty
And when u done
Shake her off shawty
Shake her off shawty
Shake her off shawty
Now don't be hollin out my name like we was all dat
Dat pussy throwback
N u kno dat
Say bitch don't be hollin out my name like we was all dat
Dat pussy throwback
I really don't mean
To hurt her but I need some time
To be alone
So when we finish making love I say
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want u around
Like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
Give me time baby
Just give me space
I don't want u around
Like bitch get off me
Bitch, bitch get off me
Lil Spitta, Lil boo, Lil Mack, and me too
Lil Spitta, Lil boo, Lil Mack, and me too
Allstar, we in the cut
And Brisco, You know what's up
Cash Money, Young Money
Mo' money, mo money
Mo' money, mo money
Mo' money, mo money
Mo' money, mo money
Mo' money, They ask me do I got a wife
Mo' money, mo money
Mo', They ask me do I got a life
Mo money, mo money, mo money
She betta give me time baby
Give me space
I don't want you around
Like bitch, get off me
Bitch, Bitch get off me
She betta give me time baby
She betta give me space
I don't want you around
Like bitch, get off me
Bitch, Bitch get off me
Do Not Bring Scared Buisness To Me
Murda Fer Fun, Heard Me
Mama Used To Tell Me As A Boy To Do Right, But
Da Boys saw papa Comin With The Money Every Night
Me No Wanna hear I'm a Hustla I'm a
Figh-Ta
Go on Through an Ear And Come Out The Other
Side, Man
I Throw Em Off The Pier I'm a Myswah
Fly-Ca
Work In Me Haulster, Work In Me
Ride, Get
Money All Year Yea 3-6-5 Get
Money All Year Yea 3-6-5 Now
New Orleans Boy I Come For Money Better
Keep It-A
Puttin Em Up For Dimes And Comin Soon Into
Yah Area
When We In Da Buldin Know Da Roof We Have To
Raise It-Ah
1 Blunt Blaze It Ah, 2 Blunt Blazin Ah
Run, I'm a Catch Yah Dem Retarded In Me
Area
Blood Come From Dem Like Da Lady On Da
Period
Welcome To Da Zoo Things About To Get
Crazier
1 Shot Blazin Ah, 2 Shot Blah Blah
Bloody
(Blood It Thicka Den Da Wata)
Money
(Don't Let Dem, Take)
From Me
And Now You See, The Rude Boy Meet The O.G
Eeey
Mama Used To Tell Me As A Boy To Do Right
But
Da Boys see papa Comin With The Money Every Night
Me No Wanna Ere I'm a Hustla I'm a
Figh-Ta
Go on Through An Ear And Come Out The Other
Side, Mon
I Throw Em Off The Pier I'm a Myswah
Fly-Ca
Work In Me Haulster, Work In Me
Ride, Get
Money All Year Dem 3-6-5 Get
Money All Year Yea 3-6-5 Now
New Orleans Boy Come For Da Lute I'm Bout To
Keep It-A
Puttin Em Up For Dimes For Dem Killah To
Yah Area
When We In Da Buldin Know Da Roof We Have To
Raise It-Ah
1 Blunt Blaze It Ah, 2 Blunt Blazin Ah
Run, I'm a Catch Yah Dem Retarded In Me
Area
Blood Come From Dem Like Dem Lady On Da
Period
Welcome To Da Zoo Things About To Get
Crazier
1 Shot Blazin Ah, 2 Shot Blah Blah!
Trust Me
Dem Don't Want To F*ck With Me, No
Me Walk Round With Da Steel Homie, On Me
But I Will Leave Da Murda Scene, So Fresh So Clean
Me No Need Da Police on me, No!
Me Put Me Gun Up In Me Jeans, Light Upon Me Trees
And da rude boy keep dying
If You Lookin For Me, You Tellin Em I'll Be
Where Nobody Knows!, (Oh!)
I'm Tryin To Take Me A Bad Gyal With Me
(Oh!)
And Me Tryin To Take Me A Rude Gyal With Me
I Can See You, I Can See It In Your Eyes U Don't Want Nobody But Me. Baby We Can Get Together And Shine Like A Starfish Outta The Sea. U And Me Sound Good, I Thinks That's The Way It's Suppose To Be (uh) U Just To Cold, U Suppose To Be Close To Me
Try Me Baby, Try Me Baby
I'm The Shit, I'm The Shit
Love Me Darling, Love Me Darling
Don't You, Don't You
Baby If You Got A Moment I Can Occupy Girl I'm a Get There And Back Back In Time. There's A Treasure In U I Got To Find. Maybe You Can Be My Concubine. Tell Me A Lil Sumthing About Your Sign, I'll Tell U A Lil Sumthin About The Grind. I Told Her Put Her Mouth To Mines And When She Did I Said...
Kiss Me Baby, Kiss Me Baby
I'm The Shit, I'm The Shit
Feed Me Mama, Feed Me Mama
I Want You, I Want You
And If You Don't Mind I Would Just Like To Tell You That I Never Seen A Woman Like U Before And If U Don't Mind I Would Just Like To Tell U I Would Love To See This Woman Alot More.(yea)
Bless Me Angel, Bless Me Angel
Tick Tick Tick Your The Bomb
I Would Be Your Vietnam
Tick Tick Tick Your The Bomb
Loocking At This Girl And Shes Looking Just Like A 100 Dollar Bill, And For The Money People Will Steal Rob And Kill. So Show Me The Money, Show Me The Money, Cause I Got My Bills And This Girl Is Heaven So You Should Die To See How It Feels
Skull gang
Yea
They ain't prepared
So they scared
They know if I don't feel 'em then I'm a kill em (kill em)
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
Uh
And here rests the beast
And if you wake it then you rest in piece-s
Disconnect ya neck and feet
They bury you today and find ya head next week
Uh
My flow nasty like ya baby mama
I got two balls, I pass em to ya baby mama
I be swimmin all backwards in ya baby mama
I will make the kid a bastard kill ya baby mama
Wait this were supposed to be about rap huh?
Well let me rap now
Bitch I'm the best to ever do it, they don't knew it how I know it
F*ck the newest, f*ck the oldest, I'm the coolest, I'm the coldest
I'm the hottest, I'm the baddest, I'm out of this stratus
Fear not a thing but God
F*ck you, f*ck pride, f*ck eyes
Cause y'all niggas can't see me, say the F Baby after the Weezy motherf*ckers
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
I see dead people (dead people)
And they bout to get buried
(In my rap cemetery)
These niggas are not like me
I been playin bapes since niggas thought they was bootleg nikes
This hoe put my name in a lot of bullshit, tryin to spite me
Guess she upset, cause she know I gotta wifey
Million dollar niggas still pushin Dodge Magnums
It holds 10 bodies, dependin on how ya stack em
Young boy never been attracted to madness
I'm inside watchin re-runs on "What's Happenin"
Lu been stackin, boy been concert since Wayne had my silver g wagon
Hot Spitta got a flow so proper
All these girls watchin me like soap operas
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Let's have ourselves a party!
Ye
And ya know I'm not playin man
You want a concert, well ya gotta pay the man
Look at my shirts and socks, call it the gator man
My cross over good, that's how I shake dem haters man
Ye
I got girls all over
Tell me what cha like and I'll call em over
I'm a high roller
And I ain't got no dogs in my yard, but I own a couple rovers
And you know how I get down there
Call before ya come, don't pop around here
Because it ain't be tellin who be found here
Either cookin cocoa cheese griss around here
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Let's have ourselves a party!
Ballin with shawty, she all over me
Um me how could a bitch say no to me
And I don't f*ck with them niggas
I want money, drugs, bitches, liquor
You know when I first got my deal, I got two porsches
And a hundred pairs of all white Air Forces
Never seen me with a bitch that ain't gorgeous
The boy flow hotter than papa pan's porridge
Pull out the garage in a Lotus
No it ain't the newest model out but it's hard to notice
I got more ice than a super-sized drink
And I know I'm the shit, I don't care what you think
You niggas ain't livin by the gun
I have you in a hospital bed being visited by nuns
Y'all pussy and I smell it
Make me stretch cheese on your head like a interval helmet
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Money, drugs, bitches, liquor
Let's have ourselves a party!
Sayin Baby I'm A Good Fella & Bout To Make It
But I Been Made Hoe, I Been Paid Hoe
I Spent 2 Thousand Dollars On These Shades Hoe
I'm Red Hot I'm Ice Cold I Got Enuf Cheese To Keep Me Out That Mice Hole
I Got Nice Hoes I Got Bad Bitches
Yea Daddy Flippin
Hey where we From? (Tell Em) New Orleans
Hurricanes, Pussy Poppers, Murder Scenes
Hey what we drank? That Lean
Cause That Liquor Get A nigga Ass Beat?
Hey what we smoke? That piffin
Presidential Shit Bill Clinton
Black Phantom Windows Tinted
Presidential Shit Monica Lewinski
Bitch I'm Back For The Mother F*ckin Title It's Your Idol
Get Money Till I Die Got My Hand On The Bible
I'm a spray
With A Hand Full Of Rifle
If Your Man Feelin eiffel {tower} I'm a Make His Ass Lean (yea)
60 Grand Cut The Lights On
40 Grand For The Flow Cut The Mic On
That's Right Hoe
Purple with that
Bitch I'm On That Lean
And I'm On That Green
Won The Championship And I'm Still On That Team
And I'm The Romance Dream
And if you Feelin Cold Man I'm a Blow That Steam
And I'm So Damn Clean
These Lee's cost a stack, that's throwback jeans
You wouldn't know that, you don't roll like me
We in the buildin everything cool til I scream... !
Ridin In The Caddy Mo, Blowin Like Satchmo
I'm A High Strap Low Baby
Whatcha kno?
Tables Turn, picture changed, New Photo Different Frame
Money Up, Champagne, Still Posin Same Game
Cash Money Still Do It For The Money
Got A Black Car, Grey Car, Gas Card, Green Car
Back Yard Theme Park, Front Yard Car Show
I'm Somewhere In The House And It's Like Where Waldo?
10 Bricks Straight powder
Weezy F Straight Hustlin No Barcode
You Don't Know What My Heart Holds- Straight Fuel
Take Your Bitch From The Club Make Her Ass A Mule
Put Some Weight On Her Back Make Her Ass Move
She Get Daddy Money Back That's A Fast Move
40 G's One Chain That's A Man's Jewels
45 for The Jack Move
Smooth Out My Mansion To My Whip
I Leave The Bullshit Inside With My Bitch
Remove The Heavy Ass Gun From My Hip
Then Sit The Same Heavy Ass Strap On My Lap
I'm Steady As Crack With The Strap
I'm Heavy As The White But D'Wayne Not Fat
I'm Right Like
& The Fetti Is The Facts
The Birdman Jr Holla Back When U Stack
I'm Just Tryin To Let My Hair Back
And Chill Where They Got Some Air At, U Hear That?
Chamapgne, Clear Liquor, Put That Beer Back
Got Work So Cheap It's On Sears Racks
Holla At Me On The Low Once Ya Hear That
The Feds Buy Mixtapes Yea I'm Aware Of That
But This Is The Suffix You Scared Of That
When You Get Shot You Know Where U At
Hey Where We From (Tell Em)
New Orleans
That's Why I Love U B
Now Take That Shit Off
You Tryin To Knock Me But I Will Not Answer
Your Girl Just Wanna Be My Private Dancer
And She Wanna Be My Private Chauffer
To Ride That Boy Like A Roller Coaster
Get On It And Get To It
Get On It And Get To It
Girl Yeah (Do U) Girl Yeah (Do U)
Girl Bye (Do Me) Girl Stop
I Got A Girl From The Atl
She Tell Me Boy Stop And I Tell The Girl Yeah
She Get Crunk Like Me To Pull Her Hair
I Pull That Thang Out And I Be Like Girl Where
She Reply Anywhere I Tell Her
Girl Stop Girl Stop
I'm In Strokers Me And Lil Budda
Ain't Got No Ones So We Throw Up The Two
I Got Money On My Mind
Women On My Phone
F*ckin With The Prince
U Wanna F*ck Me In The Throne
She Say She Get Hot When She See Me In The Coupe
Well I'm Hot Too Baby Girl I'm Soup
And We Can Get To Whatever U Gon Do
You Say U On 1 Whatever I'm One 2
And This The Truth All U Female R & B Divas
I Got Dick For The Whole Crew
Ok I'm Finna Finna
Bend Her Right Over And Stand Ova Her Like A Winner
Like A Winner
And Then I Then I
Send Her Home To U And I'm Threw
And Look At U U F*ck With Her
U Crazy They Call Me Weezy Baby
She Don't Forget The Baby And U Don't Get The Baby
U Crazy
Yeah
So Don't Play With It Get Straight 2 It
Cause We Don't Play With It, We Straight Do It
We Straight Do It, Do It, Do It Good
We Straight Girl, We Straight Hood
We Eatin Over Here And We Done Ate Good
I Say Her Pussy Okay But Her Face Good
Baby Come And Spend A Day With A Young Man
Lay Up Under Hot Boy Get A Sun Tan
I'm A One Man Band Hit The Drum Plan
I Got My Glove On And You The Punch Bag
Mike Tyson Tats All Over My Face, Might Bite Ya
And I Don't Even Care If You Tell, Baby I Like To
Share Now Ya Girls Want Some, Girl Yea, Girl Yea, Girl Yea
Girl Yea, Girl Stop
This Is For All Of My Ladies, My Exotic Ladies, My Strippers, My F*cking Strippers, I Love My Strippers, I Love, See People Don't, People Don't, Think Of Ya'll As, Man I Always Think Of Ya'll As Everything.This Ones For You, Get It? This Ones, This Ones! I Love The F*cking Strippers One. Better Yet More Ones Please, Thank You

[Verse 1]
I never meant to cause you any sorrow
I never meant to cause you any pain
I only wanted to one time to see you laughing
I only wanted to see you
Laughing in the purple rain

[Chorus]
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
I only wanted to see you
Bathing in the purple rain

[Verse 2]
I never wanted to be your weekend lover
I only wanted to be some kind of friend
Baby, I could never steal you from another
It's such a shame our friendship had to end

[Chorus]
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
I only wanted to see you
Bathing in the purple rain

[Verse 3]
Honey, I know, I know
I know times are changing
It's time we all reach out
For something new, that means you too
You say you want a leader
But you can't seem to make up your mind
I think you better close it
And let me guide you to the purple rain

[Chorus]
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
Purple rain, purple rain
I only wanted to see you
Bathing in the purple rain
All my friends have to ask if I'm shattered
I say the past is the past and it no longer matters
I made my mind up
I can make it
I'll be fine
Even if I gotta fake it
I'll keep surviving

Another night - without you
Another night - I know I can get through
Another night - it's only -
Another night - I won't be lonely
Another night - another night -
Another night - it ain't much -
Another night - without your touch

I used to search through the crowd to find you

But I don't feel like it now
So don't look behind you
You better face it
I won't be calling
I hit my stride when the evening is falling

I'm gonna make it -

Another night - without you...

Out where the music is loud and the people are laughing

I'm gonna step on out
I won't be down

Gonna stand my ground for just another night -
Oh yes for a another night

I made my mind up
I can make it

I'll be fine
Even if I gotta fake it
I'll keep surviving
Yes
I will

Another night - without you
Another night - I know I can get through
Another night - it ain't much -
I don't need you to be bringing me down
Here I am
In a days of broken-hearted (Baby, baby, baby, baby)
Lost and lonely
'Cause I can't belive we parted (Baby, baby, parted, parted)

I thought I found a lasting home
In your warm and tender arms
But now I found myself alone
Right back where I started from

So soon, so soon (So soon, so soon)
(So soon, how could you leave me baby?) Oh, baby
So soon, so soon (So soon, so soon)
(So soon, how could you leave me baby?)

Folks staring
Wondering all the sad I must be (Baby, baby, baby, baby)
'Cause I'm wearing
The hurting of the pain you left me (Baby, baby, pain you left me)

Yesterday I wore a smile
But yesterday went out of style
Now my tears are running wild
And I'm crying like a helpless child
So soon, so soon (So soon, so soon)
(So soon, how could you leave me baby?)
So soon, so soon (So soon, so soon)
(So soon, how could you leave me baby?)

In my room
When I lock the door behind me, yeah (Baby, baby, baby, baby)
Somehow, baby
All this memories still find me (Baby, baby, still find me)

Your tender voice come second wind
Through the sleepless nights I spend
Love is gone and here I am
On the outside looking in

So soon (So soon, so soon)
(So soon, how could you leave me, baby?)
So soon, so soon (So soon, so soon)
(So soon, how could you leave me, baby?)

So soon (Oooh, baby)
So soon (Oooh, baby)
So soon (Oooh, baby)
So soon (Oooh, baby)
This is the house that Jack built, y'all
Remember this house!

This was the land that he worked by hand
It was the dream of an upright man
There was a room that was filled with love
It was a love that I was proud of
This is the life of a life that he planned
On the love, the same ole' love
In the house that Jack built
(the house that Jack built)
Remember this house!

There was the fence that held our love (yes it was)
There was the gate that he walked out of
This is the heart that is turned to stone (yes it is)
This was the house, but it ain't no home
This is the love that I once had
In a dream that I thought was love
In the house that Jack built (the house that Jack built)
I'm gonn' remember this house!
Oh-ohh wha-a-at's the use of crying?
You know I brought it on myself
There's no denying
But it see-e-ee-ems awful funny
That I didn't understand
Until I lost my upright man, ya'll

Up on the hill
There's a big plan still
In the house that Jack built
(the house that Jack built)
I'm gonn' remember this house
(the house that Jack built)

Listen!
I got the house
I got the car
I got the rug
And I got the rack
But I ain't got Jack (Jack, Jack)
And I want my Jack back!
(I ain't got Jack, Jack)
And I want my Jack back!

I turned my back on Jack
He said he wasn't coming back
I turned my back on Jack
He said he wasn't coming back
Ohhh, Jack
You oughta come on back
Ohh Jack
You oughta come on back
To the one that you built
I didn't understand
I said, I want my upright man

[Verse 1]
The long and winding road that leads to your door
Will never disappear
I've seen that road before, yeah
It always leads me here
Leads me to your door

[Verse 2]
The wild and windy night
That the rain washed away
Has left a pool of tears (My darling, my darling)
Crying for the day
Why leave me standing here?
Let me know the way

[Chorus]
Many times I've been alone
And many times I've cried
Anyhow you'll never know
All the things I've tried
Still they lead me back (Still they lead me back)
To that long and winding road

[Verse 3]
You left me standing here (My darling, my darling)
A long, long time ago, yeah
Don't leave me standing here
Lead me to you door

[Chorus]
Many times I've been alone
And many times I've cried
But anyhow he'll never know
All the things I've tried
Oh, many times I've been alone
And many times I've cried, oh yeah
Anyhow you'll never know
All the things that I've tried
Many times I've been alone
Many times that I've cried
And anyhow you'll never know
All the things I've tried
I've been on the long and winding road a long time
The long and winding road
Sometimes trying
Oh, yes I have
Sometimes crying
Oh, yes I have
It's been a long winding road
Are you sure your prayers
Haven't been answered?
Now, think
Sister, think

Are you sure your prayers
Haven't been answered?
Now, think
Brother, think

But don't you dare
Say the good Lord
Didn't stop to hear you
He hears and sees
Everything you do
Stop right now
And take the inventory
You'll come up
With a different story

Because He sees
Every move you make
Every wiggle of you head
Every wink of your eye
He sees
The laugh you're laughing
And hears tears you cry
You may not know
How to pray
But He loves you
When you try
So raise your voices high
And the Lord will hear you
Hear you

He sees every move you make
Every wiggle of you head
Every wink of your eye
He sees
The laugh you're laughing
And hears tears you cry

You may not know
How to pray
But He loves you
When you try
So raise your voices high
And the Lord will hear you
Hear you

Are you sure
You haven't been answered?
Now think
You'd better think
Are you sure
Real sure
You haven't been answered?
Now think
Brother, think

Don't you dare
Say the good Lord
Didn't stop to hear you
He hears and sees
Everything you do
Stop right now
And take the inventory
You'll come up
With a different story

Because He sees
Every move you make
Every wiggle of you head
Every wink of your eye
He sees
The laugh you're laughing
And hears tears you cry

You may not know
How to pray
But He loves you
When you try
So raise your voices high
And the Lord will hear you
Hear you
Oh! Raise your voices high
And the Lord will hear you
Hear you

Oh! Raise your voices high
And the Lord will hear you
Take me to heart
And I'll always love you
And nobody can make me do wrong
Take me for granted
Leaving love unshown
Makes willpower weak
And temptation strong

A woman's only human
You should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood
Just like her man

If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All night man

Yeah, yeah
They say that it's a man's world
But you can't prove that by me
And as long as we're together baby
Show some respect for me
If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All night man

A woman's only human
This you should understand
She's not just a plaything
She's flesh and blood
Just like her man

If you want a do right
All days woman
You've gotta be a do right
All nights man
You've gotta be a do right
All nights man
You came to me for the first time
And you showed me
The sincerity in your eyes
That touched my heart so deeply

I turned to walk away
But found to my surprise
There you were standing with open arms
Wide open, and baby, they were for me

I realized that I’d been sleeping
And you awoke the woman
Sleeping with truth and reality, ohoho
Ohoho, baby, ohoho, baby

Your lips wet like the rain from up above
Oh, how, how they touched me
And you’ll never know what you did for me
Yes, I was sleeping but now I see
Ohoho, baby, ohoho, baby
Ohohohohohoho
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah baby
Ohoho, baby, ohoho, baby

[Verse 1]
Baby, you’ve been my love and my friend
You’ve been here through thick and thin
For that, baby, I love
All I want to do is talk, talk, talk about you

[Refrain]
And I’m here to say, yeah
Gonna love you just a little bit more each day
Now just want to tell the world
Tell them that I love you, I love you so, yes, I do

[Verse 2]
Now they didn’t put me down because
'Cause I love you, I love you as much as I do
What it is they didn’t know? Didn’t know what you’ve done for me
You’ve made such a happy girl out of me

[Refrain]
And I’m here to say, yes, I am
I’m gonna love you just a little bit more each day
And I’m telling the world, I’m telling them
I’m telling them that I love, that I love you so, yeah, yes, I am

[Chorus]
I love, I love, I love every little thing about you, baby
I love, I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you, baby

[Verse 3]
They can now to say that I am wrong
Because my love, my love is strong
There’s only one that I place above
It’s God that I place above you

[Refrain]
And I’m here to say, I’m standing right here to say
I’m gonna love you, love you, love you just a little bit more each day
And I’m telling the world, I want them to hear
That I love, I love you, I love you, love you, love you so

[Chorus]
I love, I love, I love, oooh, I love, I love every little thing about you, baby
I love, I love, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you, baby
I love, I love, I love, oooh, I love, I love, I love every little thing about you, baby

[Outro]
Oooh, the way you wear your clothes
The way you stand up and just feel free, go man, I love, I love you
Oooh, I love you, baby, love you, baby, love you, baby, love you, baby

[Verse 1]
It happens every time I look into your eyes
I can almost see in your heart
How can I explain, when time and time again, it starts?

[Chorus]
It only happens when I look at you, oh baby
Oh, it only happens, yeah yeah, when I look at you, oh oh

[Verse 2]
I wonder if you know things I'm going through
Can't you see my love depends on you?
Believe me when I say it gets stronger everyday - oh, heart is true

[Chorus]
Oh, oh, it only happens, oh baby, when I look at you
You're looking good to me, baby
It only happens, oh-ah, when I look at you, yeah

[Bridge]
Play it pretty now
What you feelin'

[Chorus]
Oh, oh, it only happens, ooh baby, oh, baby, when I look at you
Ooh-wee, baby, ooh-wee, baby
It only happens, oh, when I look at you, yeah yeah

[Verse 3]
Well, I guess you know the way that I feel about you now
I wonder if you feel the same way too
Oh, baby, now no matter what you say, let me get to you someday - oh, heart is true

[Chorus]
Oh, oh, it only happens, oh, oh, when I look at you
Oh, baby, oh, oh, baby, it only happens, oh, oh, when I look at you
Ooh-wee, baby
It only happens, oh, baby, when I look at you, when I look at you, when I'm lookin' at you, ooh, baby it's true...
It only happens, oh, oh, oh, when I look at you
What I mean is don't you be so doggone mean, I mean
It happens, oh, every time I look at you
Yeah baby, oh baby, ooh baby
It happens, Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh...
It only happens, Lord have mercy now - when I look at you, yeah
Would you lay it on me, baby?
It only happens, oh baby, oh baby, when I look at you, when I look at you, when I'm lookin' at you, don't you know it's true?
It only happens, every, every, every, every time I look at you
Oh baby, oh, oh baby
It only happens...
Baby, I need your good lovin'
Got to have your love right now, baby
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile

Because I'm not livin', baby, I only exist
I'll never laugh, I'll never smile no more
Don't care if I stay like this, because

Without the one you love, life is not worthwhile
Without your love, my dear, I'm like a fatherless child
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile

When I feel the hurt comin' on
I stop and cry like I'm cryin'
(Right now)
People ask why would a grown man cry
I drop my head and I sigh and reply

Without the one you love, life is not worthwhile
Without your love, my dear, I'm like a fatherless child
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile
(Baby, I need your good lovin')
Sometimes I feel like a wanderer
(Got to have your love right now)
Searching for peace within

(Baby, I need your good lovin')
I need you my darling
(Got to have your love right now)
Like a lost soul needs a friend

So come and fill my empty arms
And fill my empty life

(Baby, I need your good lovin')
Nobody knows the emptiness I feel
(Got to have your love right now)
And I feel it

(Baby, I need your good lovin')
Nobody knows the loneliness I feel
(Got to have your love right now)
And I feel it because

Without the one you love, life is not worthwhile
Without your love, my dear, I'm like a fatherless child
So come and fill my empty arms
And make my life worthwhile
Ooh, ooh, ooh... ooh-wee, baby...

Hey, baby. You know, I realize that I don't tell you just how much I appreciate you sometimes, although I do think it and I do feel it. And since I do, I think right now would be a mighty good time to just stop right here and now and do this, just for you
Yes, I do... I'm doin' it for you, baby...

You been with me through the hardest times
And you've kept my body, heart, and soul, and mind together...
You, you, oh, you...
Yeah, yeah...

And it's been us two against the world
And it ain't been easy, but we sho' made it together, baby
Thanks to you, to you, oh, you...

Oh, and I just wanna say baby, oh, baby, I love you...
And oh, baby, oh, baby, I love you, yes I do... yeah...

I get a chill, and I always will
Every time I think about every little thrill
Of wanting you, touching you, calling you;
You know I do...
And oh, yeah....
And it may not be... it may not be necessary
But ooh-wee, I sure think that you're extra-ordinary
Thanks to you, to you, thanks to you, baby...
And oh... oh...
Thanks to you, baby, every day, you... I'm talkin' 'bout you, yeah...
Every, every, every day, you... you're pretty special to me, baby...
I'm talkin' 'bout you...
Yeah! Yeah, you, baby... I'm talkin' 'bout you, now... Nobody but you...
Oh! Oh, oh! You, baby... I'm talkin' 'bout you, now... I'm doin' it just for you...
Hey! Hey, every day, you, yeah... I'm doin' it for you, baby... I'm singin' it just for you...
Oh, you, baby... you, baby... for nobody but you...
Every, every day, you, now... yeah, you, baby... I'm doin' it just for you...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you now, ooh, you...
It was you
You made me love you
It was you
You made me need you
Darling darling
You made me
You made me love you
Yes you did

It was you
You made me need you
It was you
I'll never I'll never be seein' you
Darling darling
You made me you made me you made me love you

You know I love you
You know I care
Darling darling
You made me you made me you made me love you
You know I love you
You know I care
Darling darling darling darling
You made me love you
Yes you did
Yes you did
Hey baby hey baby
It was you who made me love you
Hey baby
Darling
It was you
It was you darling
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Girl, I got to go

[Yeah, yeah, yeah]
I got to go now, really
Yeah, I'm kinda in a hurry

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Uh-huh, here?s the reason why

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...hoo...ooh...hoo...shabba, dooda, la, dwee, da)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo)
(Dwee, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, dwee, doo, doo, dwee)
(Huh, huh, huh)
Jump, jump, jump to it (Hee...baby, baby)
My baby loves me
He told me that
And I never question
That point or fact

There is no fighting
Scandal or shame
Uh, he really moves me
Drives me insane

I can't talk to you now, girl, I got love to get
When my baby calls I got jump to it
I'm in a hurry, there's love to get
When my baby calls I jump, jump, jump to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...ooh...huh...huh...huh...)

I just can't wait till
Today at four
That?s when my sweet thing
Said he would call

Please don't keep me waitin'
It's 3:59
Ring-ding, hello, baby
Girl, I can't talk to you now, I got love to give
When my baby calls I got jump to it
I'm in a hurry, there's love to get
When my baby calls I jump, jump, jump, to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...ho...oh...yeah...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, now)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I got to zip and I jump, jump, jump to it, oh...)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it, oh...ho...huh...)

Now Kelly 

[Jump to it]
You know when we talk we have a lot of fun, don't we, girl
Dishin' out the dirt on everybody
And givin' each other the 411 on who drop kicked who this week
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout

When my baby call, shout dee, dee, dee, dee 

[Jump to it]
Ooh...oh...ho...
When my baby calls, sha, wee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee
Dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, dee, uh-huh

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Yeah yeah yeah]
Ooh...ooh...hoo...hoo...ooh...hoo...uh...

[Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah]
Oh...yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

[Yeah, yeah, yeah]
Huh

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Oh...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Hoo...hoo...boy, and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump to it (Oh...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really skip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh, boy)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ho...ho...and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh, when my baby calls)

Jump, jump, jump to it

Jump, jump, jump to it
(I really flip and I jump, jump, jump to it)
Jump, jump, jump to it
(Ooh...hoo...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
(Uh-huh, yeah, and I jump and I jump and I jump)
(Jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump to it)
(Ooh...yeah...) Jump, jump, jump to it (Hey...)

Jump, jump, jump to it
Maybe I'm a fool
For loving you so
And maybe
Maybe I'm a fool
I don't, I don't really know
But I can't
I can't stop loving you
Darling, oh yes
Though I tried, oh yes

And maybe
Maybe your goodbye was so mean
So mean and unfair
Though you made me cry
My love's still there
And I know, I know
That I'll long for your kisses, oh
Until I die
Oh yes, until I die

Well, I said all of my friends
All of my friends have told me
They said
"Aretha, why don't you find
You really need to find
Somebody new"
Yeah, oooh yeah
But what they don't know
What they just don't know
Is in my heart
I'd missing, oh
That that someone was you
So, oh, it's all for you to decide
If you should decide
To trap me once more
All you got to do
All you got to do is knock on my door
And I'll say
I'll say that I've taken you back

Yeah, taking you back would be folish
Then maybe, oh, maybe I'm a fool
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

[Verse 1]
And now the end is coming near
I'm about to reach the final curtain
All of my friends, let me make it real clear
I'm staking my claim of which I'm trying to be certain

[Chorus]
I've lived, I've loved and lost
And I've traveled, the Lord only knows how many, many, many, many highways
More, so much more than this
I did it my way

[Verse 2]
Regrets, regrets, I've had a few
But about regrets, I just won't mention
I did exactly what I thought I should do
Stood right there and saw it through without exemption

[Chorus]
I planned each charted course
Each careful step along the byway
And more, so much more than this
I did it my way

[Bridge]
What is a man? What has he got?
If not himself then he has not
To say the things he truly feels
And not the words of one who kneels, oh oh
Let the record show, let it show you took some blows
And did it your way

[Outro]
Ah, tell me, what is a man? Oh, hear me now, what has he got?
If he don't have himself, then let me leave you with it, he has not
Anytime he cannot say the things that he truly feels
And not the words of one who kneels
Let the record show, let it show you took some blows
And did it your way, oh yeah

[Intro]
Dig pimp... I'ma holla at y'all in a minute, I'm finna go change clothes mayne
Go get real spiffy mayne, go kick it with my broad, I'ma holla atchall later..

[Verse 1]
I left the kids at the crib, and the squad in the trap
Now I'm in the two-seater with my broad in my lap
The alpines beatin', but I'm far away from rappin'
Bumpin' Prince, Sade, or some Marvin Gaye perhaps, I
Put up my blues, put on some tailor made slacks
Some wing tip shoes, whachu know about that?
Button down, cufflinks, hair cut, no hat
Just felt like gettin' clean and show I know how to act
At Neiman & Marcus let my girl blow three or four stacks
Gotta forever to cut the food, and damn I'm relaxed
In a real cool mood, no beef, no gats
But then real close by, niggas better know that

[Chorus - Jazze Pha]
I ain't hangin' with my niggas, pullin' no triggaz
I'll be back to the trap, but for now
I'm chillin' with my bitch today, I'm chillin' with my bitch today
I ain't hangin' with my potnaz, I'm out eatin' lobster
I'm on some grown man shit, ya dig
I'm chillin' with my bitch today, I'm chillin' with my bitch today

[Verse 2]
This shit look hard, no drama from none of my baby mama's
With my hottie, takin' shots of Saké at Benihana’s in the Hummer
Known to kick it like we riches, got Richie and Madonna
Or either Will and Jada, on vacation for the summer
Me and my lil' mama, blowin' big as we wanna
Gotta big sack of some of that shit from California
A bottle of Patron and a six pack of Corona
Dro aroma got the six hot steamin' like a sauna
So I let the top back and I bend anotha corner
Check into the W, so I can put it on her
Got the suite for a week, but we can stay a lil' longer
I ain't trippin', that's the shit that make relationships stronger

[Chorus - repeat]

[Hook]
Tonight I'm gon chill with my lady friend
She the type to keep a nigga open
I'm chillin' with my bitch today

[Verse 3]
I left the stress in the streets and I'm a long way from home
Put up the vest and the chrome, even through with my phone
My potnaz don't wanna be on the shit that I'm on mayne
Livin' life and kickin' it like a grown man
Sittin' in the sand, drinkin' pina coladas
With a double shot of rum, just chillin' right by the water
No judges, no lawyers, in a whole 'nother world
Just a bottle and this ?? dro, blowin' with my girl

[Chorus - repeat]

[Repeat Hook]

[Intro: Sample]
Children grow and women producing
Men go working, some go stealing
Everyone's got to make a living
BX, uh (South side Bronx)
(South side Bronx)

[Chorus]
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
No matter where I go I know where I came from (From the Bronx)
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
No matter where I go I know where I came from (South side Bronx, from the Bronx)

[Verse 1]
From In Living Color to movie scripts
To On the 6 to J. Lo to this
Headline clips
I stay grounded as the amounts roll in
I'm real I thought I told ya (I'm real)
I'm real even on Oprah (I'm real)
That's just me
Nothing phony, don't hate on me
What you get is what you see, oh (South side Bronx)

[Chorus]
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
No matter where I go I know where I came from (From the Bronx)
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
No matter where I go I know where I came from (South side Bronx, from the Bronx)

[Verse 2]
I'm down to earth like this
Rocking this business
I've grown up so much
I'm in control and loving it
Rumors got me laughing kid
I love my life and my public
Put God first and can't forget to stay real (Real)
To me it's like breathing, yeah (South side Bronx)

[Chorus]
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
No matter where I go I know where I came from (From the Bronx)
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
No matter where I go I know where I came from

[Bridge: Sample]
South Bronx, oh, the South side Bronx
F-F-F-Flip it
Boricua
Now that's what happened
South Bronx, the South side Bronx
Ah
F-F-F-Flip it
Now that's what happened
South Bronx, the South side Bronx
Boricua's in the house
F-F-F-Flip it
Now that's what happened
Hey
South Bronx, the South side Bronx
Everyone's got to make a living
Alright, now bring it back

[Chorus]
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot
No matter where I go I know where I came from (From the Bronx)
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot (South side Bronx)
No matter where I go I know where I came from (South side Bronx, from the Bronx)
Don't be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot (South side Bronx)
No matter where I go I know where I came from (South side Bronx, from the Bronx)
Dont be fooled by the rocks that I got
I'm still, I'm still Jenny from the block
Used to have a little, now I have a lot (South side Bronx)
No matter where I go I know where I came from (South side Bronx, from the Bronx)
We gonna party round the world
Rude boys and sexy girls
We gonna party around the world
Party people of the world

[Chorus:]
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo oooh oooh oooh
Eo oooh oooh oooh Eyo

Close your eyes, picture a perfect night 

[perfect night]
The music's loud, the starts around we collide
I feel in love but tension in the air
It's paradise, paradise

[Pre-Chorus:]
Pop that ting!
She swing her waist, I wind from side to side
Drop that ting!
She burnin up, call the fire truck oooh
Drop that ting!
Me so turnt up and I'm lost in the riot
Let's march tonight, march all night
We gonna party round the world
Party people of the world

[Chorus:]
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo oooh oooh oooh
Eo oooh oooh oooh Eyo

Fly with me, we can be on our way 

[on our way]
From the streets to the beach set your world ablaze
The place can move, make the moon shine away
'Cause it's our night in paradise

[Pre-Chorus:]
Pop that ting!
She swing her waist, I wind from side to side
Drop that ting!
She burnin up, call the fire truck oooh
Girl rock that ting!
Me so turnt up and I'm lost in the riot
Let's march tonight, march all night

We gonna party round the world
Party people of the world

[Chorus:]
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo oooh oooh oooh
Eo oooh oooh oooh Eyo

Move up in it, say I wind on yo dick and mi love I put pon you
Boy you a trip but I'm going with your wish 'cause your wish just might of come true
Girl don't play, better watch what you say 'cause the fight is right for us too
Come a little closer, boy let me show ya exactly what I'm gonna do

We gonna party round the world
Party people of the world

[Chorus:]
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo
Bomba, that's how you win her
Let it all go down yeo oooh oooh oooh
Eo oooh oooh oooh Eyo

[Timbaland:]
Hey girl your comin' with me your comin' with me
Hey girl your comin' with me your comin' with me
Hey girl your comin' with me your comin' with me
Hey girl your comin' come on...

[Timbaland:]
Talk to me girl, Let me tell you girl
Got you stuck on my elevator
Get it up. On my ehh oh ehh oh

[Flo Rida:]
Hey
My first flo step want a gold diggin' woman
Money cash flow all big faced honey's
Frontin' on the floor got them D-Boys runnin'
Shorty got both broke can't see what's comin'
Wear them apple bottoms, wear them apple bottoms honey
Dolce and Gabbana and she get up on my money
Louis bags, rich, Gucci, Fendi, and Armani
See the carrots on her wrist now she pimps Bugs Bunny
Used to date Kanye now she want me
While I got my juice wanna take my OJ
It ain't her birthday with her name on a cake
If I ever play for nookie grade A

[Timbaland:]
Got you stuck on my
On my elevator
Get it up, on my elevator
Check it out!

[Timbaland:]
My 1st floor, stuck on the gold digger
2nd floor, stuck on the dime piece
3rd floor, stuck on the hood rat
4th floor, freak it I don't know cause
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my...

[Flo Rida:]
She gotta nail kit, she gotta hair kit
She gotta Gucci bag, her brand new outfit
Stuck on my elevator, she on the 2nd flo
Now I want you to break it down, DJ turn it up some more
Hey, dime piece girl turned to Internet hottie
Little mama got that top model body

South Beach freak on the back of that Ducati
I'll bet you that brand new Fararri

[Timbaland:]
Got you stuck on my
On my elevator
Get it up, on my elevator
Check it out!

[Timbaland:]
1st floor, stuck on the gold digger
2nd floor, stuck on the dime piece
3rd floor, stuck on the hood rat
4th floor, freak it I don't know, cause...
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my...

[Flo Rida:]
My 3rd floor stuck on the hood rat charm
Cut, take boy Hollyhood act charm
Short tennis skirt, now she got me in the zone
Tight broach, bump the low ring tone
Roll up her titties don't smoke Arizona
One night stand one night with the clan
One night, one time broke her off 10 grand
Project all the way gutta all day
Shorty don't fake she'll put it in your face
3 stories while them hood rats beg...

[Timbaland:]
Got you stuck on my
On my elevator
Get it up, on my elevator
Check it out!

[Timbaland:]
1st floor, stuck on the gold digger
2nd floor, stuck on the dime piece
3rd floor, stuck on the hood rat
4th floor, freak it I don't know, cause...
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my ella, e-ella-vator
She's stuck on my...

[Intro]
Change, Change, Change
Change, Change, Change

[Chorus]
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Can someone help me? (change the world)
Can somebody help me? (change the world)

[Verse 1]
Everyday i saw you there chilling on the corner
Puffin on crack and marijuana
Because i know how your life is
Nobody just be guidin, no
Hope to see black people living longer
Also less kids without fathers
We should all come together
Please stop fighting and killing eachother
Its what happens when your living in the street life
Its so dark and you dont get sunlight
People seeing why you dont get treated right
But ima try to change it

[Chorus]
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Can someone help me? (change the world)
Can somebody help me? (change the world)

[Verse 2]
Many people living off welfare
Hoping things get better next year
But I'm covered in tears
So many sick without health care
Too many innocent people dyin'
And I don't know why
You gotta keep your eyes open even when your rollin'
As days go by

[Pre Chorus]
Its what happens when your living in the street life
Its so dark and you dont get sunlight
People seeing why you dont get treated right
But ima try to change it

[Chorus]
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own

[Bridge]
Somebody change the world
We've got little boys and little girls
Growing up on this sinful earth
Oh whats happening?
I dont know, but please tell me
We've got all these criminals and discretes
Killin people for no reason
I dont know why

[Chorus]
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Can someone help me? (change, change, change)
Can somebody help me? (change, change, change)
I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why I'm
Checkin' Tracy, eyeing Stacey
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

'Cause I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why I'm Calling Barbra, texting Carla
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

I said I'm lookin' for love
Not askin' for much
Just a fine little shorty
With a big ol' butt

That's willing to cuss
She got drink in her cup
And we can take it to the floor
And tear it up

SAY
___ she don't want to see me
So she calls me up when she wants to get busy
I am the man, I am the business
I'm tellin' you all with God as my witness

I'm really all yours but I'm telling da truth
Tell ya I'm a pimp I got no sexy girls
Got so plenty don't know who to choose

I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why I'm
Checkin' Tracy, eyeing Stacey
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

'Cause I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why I'm Calling Barbra, texting Carla
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

I'm still looking for love
In all the wrong places
I'm cookin' up something mean for yall ladies
Spin it around
I love what yall shakin'
Love what yall breakin'
Down down down down
Girl you ___ just hate to admit it

Booty so big that its so hard to sit
No i'm just just tryin to get all up in it
Now you can tell me that you won't roll wit' it

I'm really all yours but I'm telling da truth
Tell ya I'm a pimp I got no sexy girls
Got so plenty don't know who to choose

I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why I'm
Checkin' Tracy, eyeing Stacey
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

'Cause I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why
Calling Barbra, texting Carla
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

Now I've been here since 12 oh 3
Tryin to find some ladies
Where could they be?
They need to clap for me

Oh oh
They need to clap for me
What what
123
Now I be here in the VIP
Tryin to find some ladies
Where could they be?
They need to clap for me

Oh oh
They need to clap for me
What what
1234

I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why I'm
Checkin' Tracy, eyeing Stacey
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

'Cause I I I I I ain't got no shorty
That's why
Calling Barbra, texting Carla
Stuck in the club still lookin' for love

[Piano and saxophone solos with harmonizing]

Who really cares?
Who really cares
When I talk
What I feel
What I say?
Nobody, not really

Who wants to take
The time to understand?
I would like someone to heal me with some empathy
But I can't find…
Nobody, not really

Maybe I'm invisible to the world
Does anyone in the world even think of me
As more than just a hopeless cause?
Maybe the world is not my block
My stoop
My life
My dreams
My anything, anything
Who wants to help?
Momma, but she's so tired
Papa, but you're not here
I'm alone in a big empty space with
Nobody, not really

[Piano and saxophone solos with harmonizing]
Ross, Flo Rida
Poe Boy Entertainment
Like I said, we the best, Flo Rida, apt, nillions

[Chorus]
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)

[Verse 1]
I gone be honest tomorrow ain't promised that's why I say this
Here today then you gone like rentin' a car from Avis
Hurts but it's the truth your driving out that Mercedes
That's why I be on point, I'm never procastinatin'
You better be dodging satin the pussy nigga be hatin'
Want his cake and eat it too, you you do greasy like bacon
Everyday money chasin', I'm so in love with the fragrance
So what, I'm a little impatient, you dope man, ain't got no patience
Boy I feel like I'm racin', before I become a raisin
Those strippers hotter then cajen', my daily be in rotation
The daily birthday occasion, I'm rarely off of vacation
I'm barely owing the nation the nelly dollars are rakin'

[Chorus]
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)

[Verse 2]
I ain't talkin' next year
I ain't talkin' in a month
I ain't talkin' in a week
Every day I wanna stunt
Every day I want sum candles
Every day a hundred bucks
Every day I pull up in lambos, filet meion for lunch
What my birthday
You got my birthday
When my birthday
You better say my birthday
I get emotional
That's what c-notes will do
Them penny lofer shoes help me cop a Bentley coupe
Now my string of wemen hotter than Campbells soup
Boy that cake will make them priests turn to animals

[Verse 3]
I'm King Kong and it's your trainin' day
Denzel with the ice and I'm pushin' weight
I ain't tryna make 'em all
I ain't tryna down oay
If biggie got a wife she ain't with him not day
Ain't nobody here to stay
You can try to get away
I'mm bounce a nigga pray
My advice still the same, aye

[Chorus]
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)
I don't want no cake on my birthday
I want my cake errday (Errday)

[Intro]
(Louder, louder)
(Louder, louder)

[Verse 1]
You want that sound, sound, walls coming down
Girl, how you feel with your draws on the ground?
Screaming and cheering, waving the crowd
Tail gate party, woo, turn around
Look, look, that's what it was
We ain't never had this experimental drug
Boom, boom, boom 'til the speakers buzz
Ever wanna heap? I got your stuff
Fasten up, you like give me some more
Super sexy in this middle of the floor
Get perspective when you came in the door
If I'm wrong, correct me, but of course then I'd

[Chorus]
When I get you on the floor
I'ma make you scream for more
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)
I gotta feel you in my head
Go party down, turn it loud
Open up and make that sound
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)
Live it up, scream it loud
Girl, I wanna hear you shout
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)

[Verse 2]
So now I'm just making you dance
All respecting me and my band
No discussion 'bout my percussion
I can beat it up in your pants
Girl, turn it all the way up
I won't hold back, I never been hushed
Get me started, it's an eruption
'Cause you moppin' ever be shove
I gotta make you deal, deal, ride to the bill
Hands in the air, good top player
Come out the shell to the hotel
Who'd you gon' tell? Well

[Chorus]
When I get you on the floor
I'ma make you scream for more
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)
I gotta feel you in my head
Go party down, turn it loud
Open up and make that sound
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)
Live it up, scream it loud
Girl, I wanna hear you shout
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)

[Post-Chorus]
It ain't loud enough in here
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)

[Bridge]
(Louder, louder)
(Louder, louder)
(Louder, louder)
(Louder, louder)
Come here, love, let's heat it up, oh-oh
Come on, baby, you ain't screamin' enough, no
Here we go, turn it up some more
We want it (Louder, louder)

[Chorus]
When I get you on the floor
I'ma make you scream for more
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)
I gotta feel you in my head
Go party down, turn it loud
Open up and make that sound
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)
Live it up, scream it loud
Girl, I wanna hear you shout
It ain't loud enough in here (Louder, louder)
Change, Change, Change
Change, Change, Change

Chorus:
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Can someone help me? (Change the world)
Can somebody help me? (Change the world)
Everyday i saw you there chillen on the corner
Puffin on crack and marijauna
Because i know how your life is
Nobody just be guidin, no
Hope to see black people living longer
Also less kids without fathers
We should all come together
Please stop fighting and killing eachother
Its what happens when your living in the street life
Its so dark and you dont get sunlight
People seeing why you dont get treated right
But ima try to Change it
Chorus:
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Can someone help me? (Change the world)
Can somebody help me? (Change the world)
Many people living off welfare
Hoping things get better next year
But im covered in tears
So many sick without health care
Too many innocent people dyin'
And i dont know why
You gotta keep your eyes open even when your rollin'
As days go by
Its what happens when your living in the street life
Its so dark and you dont get sunlight
People seeing why you dont get treated right
But ima try to Change it

Chorus:
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Bridge:
Somebody Change the world
We've got little boys and little girls
Growing up on this sinful earth
Oh whats happening?
I dont know, but please tell me
We've got all these criminals and discretes
Killin people for no reason
I dont know why

Chorus:
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Oh i wish i had the power, the power to Change the world
But im just one man trying to do it on my own
Can someone help me? (Change, Change, Change)
Can somebody help me? (Change, Change, Change)
Ice cream girl

Give me an ice cream girl for the weekend
The kinda of girl she built for any season
For the winter, for the fall
Even in the summertime there's no fall

You want an ice cream girl for the weekend
A pocket full of dough you gonna blow on the weekend
Young, fresh and clean, know what I mean?
Everybody knows a fiend that loves the ice cream

My rum raisin', she drunk in the club
Pistachio a nut, she always boosting
She got a man, he's always shooting
And her daddy left her when she was eighteen
Do whatever for a hit, I seen her pawn her jewelry
Rowdy, rowdy, she the life of the party

She's in that Limousine
Look like something from a magazine
She's such a beauty queen
Got me spending all my cream
Give me an ice cream girl for the weekend
The kind of girl she built for any season
For the winter, for the fall
Even in the summertime there's no fall

You want an ice cream girl for the weekend
A pocket full of dough you gonna blow on the weekend
Young, fresh and clean know what I mean
Everybody knows a fiend that loves the ice cream

Once upon a time, let's go back to the scene
She was the prom queen and you were the prom king
Pinky, swear that you'll never separate
'Cause you was the draft pick for the NBA

I used to worry 'bout your best friend
I don't trust nobody named Frosty, The Snow Man
Frosty wore a wire
Now ice cream man is up in Riker

He reminisce about the Limousine
Look like something from a magazine
She's such a beauty queen
Had him spending all his cream

Give me an ice cream man for the weekend
Body toned up and ready for the beaches
Young, fresh and clean, know what I mean?
Everybody knows a fiend that loves the ice cream
You want an ice cream girl for the weekend
A pocket full of dough you gonna blow on the weekend
Young, fresh and clean, know what I mean?
Everybody knows a fiend that loves the ice cream

D.E.A. they knock on the door
I don't know what they knocking for
Ain't no ice cream up in here
Ain't no ice cream up in here, yeah

I used to stand on the block, I used to hear pop, pop
Another lad got popped in the ice cream shop
It's an ice cream war out here
We got an ice cream war out here, talk to me

Hurry, hurry, hurry, Mr. Ambulance, hurry
'Cause them kids in the club
And they OD'd on some cookies and cream
And now they sipping on the sizzurp, sizzurp, sizzurp, si-si-si-sizzurp

I tried to warn him but he didn't wanna listen
So he woke up in the same place in the same position
Like Pookie from New Jack City your body getting cold turkey
Your mind is getting so worried your head is spinning so dizzy

He reminisce about the Limousine
Look like something from a magazine
She's such a beauty queen
Had him spending all his cream
Give me an ice cream man for the weekend
Body toned up and ready for the beaches
Young, fresh and clean, know what I mean?
Everybody knows a fiend that loves the ice cream

You want an ice cream girl for the weekend
A pocketful of dough you gonna blow on the weekend
Young, fresh and clean, know what I mean?
Everybody knows a fiend that loves the ice cream

For the love of the ice cream, one man, ice cream girl
They incarcerated him for the ice cream
He will never get the chance to see
His daughter eating ice cream, woah, I

Give me an ice cream girl for the weekend
The kind of girl, she built for any season
For the winter, for the fall
Even in the summertime there's no fall

Give me an ice cream man for the weekend
Body toned up and ready for the beaches
Young, fresh and clean, know what I mean?
Everybody knows a fiend that loves the ice cream

Ice cream girl, ice cream girl, ice cream girl
Wish i didn't kiss her
Don't even miss her
You da the one that i want back
Your da the one that i want back
Believe i drink 4 drinks in me, yeah
Shawty doesn't know me while i'm getting tispy
She's so convicing showing how much she needs me, woah
I'm inperfect so you know i whip, don't touch me
Wish i didn't kiss her
I blame it on the liquor
Im just a rude boy, so i had to show her
I'm still a winner, i know that i'ma sinner
But i know i still love you
Wish i didn't kiss her
Don't even miss her
You da the one that i want back
Move fast foward, find another lover
Wish that i could rewind back
Wish i didn't kiss her
Don't even miss her
You da the one that i want back
Move fast foward, find another lover
Wish that i can rewind back
Rewind that
Rewind that
Love the way you rewind that
Rewind that
Rewind that
Wish that i can rewind back
Everywhere i go rewind me of you
In the club, in the car, in the bar, or the bedroom
Need a time machine just to get back to you
Cause i know what i did, just ruined our future, yah
Wish i didn't kiss her
I blame it on the liquor
Im just a rude boy, so i had to show her
I'm still a winner, i know that i'ma sinner
But i know i still love you
Wish i didn't kiss her
Don't even miss her
You da the one that i want back
Move fast foward, find another lover
Wish that i could rewind back
Wish i didn't kiss her
Don't even miss her
You da the one that i want back
Move fast foward, find another lover
Wish that i can rewind back
Rewind that
Rewind that
Love the way you rewind that
Rewind that
Rewind that
Wish that i can rewind back
Where your wife, when i'm trickin'
I know the way to crib it, i know whats your missin'
Messin in my feet all good kissy kissy
Man up man you know i'm sticky sticky
She wind like a holla hoop on the weesa
Excuse me girl can i take your please
She wanna be with me, i wanna be with you
Now i'm in the bedroom thinking about you
Wish i didn't kiss her
Don't even miss her
You da the one that i want back
Move fast foward, find another lover
Wish that i could rewind back
Wish i didn't kiss her
Don't even miss her
You da the one that i want back
Move fast foward, find another lover
Wish that i could rewind back
Rewind that
Rewind that
Love the way you rewind that
Rewind that
Rewind that
Wish that i can rewind back
Come, they told me, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
A newborn king to see, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
Our finest gifts we bring, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
To lay before the king, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
Rum, pa, pum, pum, pum, rum, pa, pum, pum
When we come, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, so to honor him, oh, oh

Little baby, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
I am a poor boy too, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
I have no gift to bring, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
That's fit to give the king, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
Rum, pa, pum, pum, pum, pa, pum, pum
On my drum, oh, oh, on my drum

Yeah, Mary nodded, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
The ox and lamb kept time, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
I played my drum for Him, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
I played my best for Him, pa, rum, pa, pum, pum
Rum, pa, pum, pum, rum, pa, pum, pum
Me and my drum, oh, yeah, oh, me and my drum
Chestnuts roasting on an open fire
Jack Frost nipping at your nose
Yuletide carols being sung by a choir
And folks dressed up like Eskimos

Everybody knows a turkey and some
Mistletoe help to make the season bright
Tiny tots with their eyes all aglow
Will find it hard to sleep tonight

They know that Santa's on his way
He's loaded lots of toys and goodies
On his sleigh
And ev'ry mother's
Child is gonna spy to see if
Reindeer really know how to fly

And so, I'm offering this
Simple phrase to kids from
One to ninety-two
Altho' it's been said many times
Many ways
Merry Christmas to you
(I'm at war)
Fightin' for the one that I love and the one that I truly need
(I'm at war)
Shawty, I take a bullet for you girl 'cause you mean the world to me
(I'm at war)

Me love you girl, you lovin' me
So don't fight together 'cause it was meant to be
Me feel like I'm in the army
'Cause to be with you, that's where my heart wanna be

It's like I'm about to die just to get with you
Feel like you're putting me through World War II
Got my soldier suit and my Timberland boots
Girl I'm down for whatever 'cause my love is true

(So I tell her)
I'm at war with the love of my life
Sweat from my brows, running down to my eyes
Everything you are is what I need in my life
(My life, my life)
(I'm at war)
Fightin' for the one that I love and the one that I truly need
(I'm at war)
Shawty, I take a bullet for you girl 'cause you mean the world to me
(I'm at war)

At war, at war, at war, at war
At war, I'm at war
At war, at war, at war, at war
At war, I'm at war

Salute to all the veterans and girl your love's like a nuclear weapon
I'm a five star purple hearter, purple sparker camouflager
Follow my every command and order
You can just call me Captain Carter

So let the missiles rain on your parade
'Cause my love is a soldier and my heart is a grenade
(Kaboom)
I'll bomb any platoon, just call me World War Tune

(I'm at war)
Fightin' for the one that I love and the one that I truly need
(I'm at war)
Shawty, I take a bullet for you girl 'cause you mean the world to me
(I'm at war)
Your mother said don't talk to me
(No)
But it went through those ears girl as I can see
So make me know what's your fantasies
'Cause baby girl I think that stands to me

I'm on the front line and I'm risking my life
I'll make a sacrifice just to have you by my side
You're the one I love, you're the one I trust
I'll hurt someone that come between us

(So I tell her)
I'm at war with the love of my life
Sweat from my brows running down to my eyes
Everything you are is what I need in my life
(My life, my life)

(I'm at war)
Fightin' for the one that I love and the one that I truly need
(I'm at war)
Shawty, I take a bullet for you girl 'cause you mean the world to me
(I'm at war)
Why oh, Kingston, Kingston in the place that I lie oh
Fernando, oh, you make me feel special

This the one that the DJ play
All the sexy gyal dem wah shake
This the one that the DJ play
All the sexy gyal dem wah shake

[Verse 1]
She walked right over to me
And her eyes dem went right through me
She said you're somebody I should know
And all the things that she was saying
Had my actions delaying
Before I knew it, we're on the floor

Oh you're slipping me your number, oh it makes me start to wonder
What I, What I should do
Your intentions are so clear so keep your body right here
Don't you move, cus I feel it too

[Chorus]
You're dancing on me like you're my girlfriend
You tell me u wanna be my girlfriend
But just for tonight, and I won't regret it
And even if we break up, no matter what, tonight you're my girlfriend

Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new girlfriend
Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new...

[Verse 2]
No we're touching like we're dating
I could see that you ain't playing
I could tell you know what you're looking for
And I'm a mess so I gotta say it
Oooh, I wanna take it
And I won't make you wait anymore
And you put your hands up under so I don't have to wonder
What you, what you came here for
Cus the way you put it on me girl, I won't leave you lonely girl
She say, I want that and more

[Chorus]
You're dancing on me like you're my girlfriend
You tell me you wanna be my girlfriend
But just for tonight, and I won't regret it
And even if we break up, no matter what, tonight you're my girlfriend
Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new girlfriend
Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new...

[Break]
Tonight I'm not gonna let you be alone
Baby come on, baby come on
Since you my girlfriend I want to take you home
Baby come on, baby come on

[Chorus]
You're dancing on me like you're my girlfriend
You tell me u wanna be my girlfriend
But just for tonight, and I won't regret it
And even if we break up, no matter what, tonight you're my girlfriend

Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new girlfriend
Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new...
Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new girlfriend
Dj play the song and dedicate to me and my new...
It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?
It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go, eh?

It took so long for you to get close to me
Now you wanna go run away, girl, away from me
I know it's got to be hard 'cause I'm so busy
Not to mention all the lonely nights, just missin' me

'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side
'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side
'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side
'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side

It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?
It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?

It took some time for me to learn to earn your trust
I ain't goin' nowhere no time soon, you can put that on us
Gucci, Louis, Rodeo, we gon' live it up
Now you want to say goodbye, girl, and go and mess it all up
'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side
'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side
'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side
'Cause ain't nothin' better than you by my side, my side

It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?
It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?

Forgive me, forgive me, forgive me, forgive me
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you
My mom say, my pop say, the family, they all say
They love you, they love you, they love you, they love you

It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?
It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?

It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?
It took so long to get here, why you wanna go?
Why you wanna leave me? Why you wanna go?
This goes out to all the rude girls on the dance floor
This is your boy Sean Kingston, you already know
Wat a gwaan

The way that you move make me fall in love
Oh I, oh I, oh I
Your sexy brown eyes, I can't get enough

Ooh girl, you got me thinking 'bout the island breeze
Them palm trees and kissin' underneath the moon
Oh baby girl, you need some water
Your body's gettin' hotter, the sweat drippin' off of you

Now break it down slow
Where I'm from girl that's how we do
So give me some more
You got the whole club watching you, you got me sayin'

You drop, drop, drop it like an island, girl
You pop, pop, pop it like an island, girl
You got, got, got it like them island, girls
I don't know where you're from
But you're dancin' to the drums
Like a island queen
You're dancin' like a island queen
Oh, you're such a pretty, pretty, little thing
Tonight you're my island queen, oh I

Girl, you're royalty but what you doin' here without your king?
I don't know, I don't know
If it was up to me you'd be wearin' my diamond ring
Ooh

Come home with me, take you overseas
'Cause you move like that's where you belong
Picture us by the water, our bodies gettin' hotter
We'll be jammin' to the early morn

Now break it down slow
Where I'm from, girl, that's how we do
So give me some more
You got the whole club watching you
You got me sayin'

You drop, drop, drop it like an island, girl, oh
You pop, pop, pop it like an island, girl, oh
You got, got, got it like them island, girls
I don't know where you're from
But you're dancin' to the drums
Like a island queen
You're dancin' like a island queen
Oh, you're such a pretty pretty little thing
Tonight you're my island queen, oh, I

If you're dancing with your queen
Fellas let me hear you sing, ooh, ooh
If you're dancing with your king
Ladies let me hear you sing, ooh, ooh

You take me to another place
When I watch ya move ya waist
Ooh girl, I'm falling in love
I don't know where you're from
Or when your dance to the drum
The whole club is watchin' you

You got me saying
You drop, drop, drop it like an island, girl
You pop, pop, pop it like an island, girl
You got, got, got it like them island, girls
I don't know where you're from
But you're dancin' to the drums

Like a island queen
You're dancin' like a island queen
Oh, you're such a pretty pretty little thing
Tonight you're my island queen, oh I
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
My I, my island queen
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
My I, my island queen

Yeah, this song was dedicated to all my island girls
And if your not from the islands come see me
I'll put in a little island in ya

[Incomprehensible]

[Intro]
Hey Yo J.R
I meet A lot of Beautiful girls in my life man
But this situation is kinda wierd
I like her sister

[Verse 1]
I was just walking out school
I saw this girl gettin off the train
We exchanged numbas and went on a couple dates
At first everything was cool
Until I meet her sista laren
Got introduced to each other and then everything changed

[Bridge]
I wanted a piece of that forbidden fruit
But my homies said to stay away
But im 17 what you expect me to do
I guess we'll charge it as a part of the game

[Chorus]
If I'm wrong oh I dont want to be right
I kissed your sister last night
It ain't my fault
I guess your sister's my type
If I'm wrong oh I dont want to be right
I kissed your sister last night
It ain't my fault
I guess your sister's my type

[Verse 2]
Now I'm on the telephone talking
With laren but her sisters on the other line
But I can't help myself 'cuz Lorraine too fine
And I know this may be wrong but it feels so right
Her sister is nice but Lorraine is more like sugar and spice

[Bridge]
I wanted a piece of that forbidden fruit
But my homies said to stay away
But im 17 what you expect me to do
I guess we'll charge it as a part of the game

[Chorus]
If I'm wrong oh I dont want to be right
I kissed your sister last night
It ain't my fault
I guess your sister's my type

If I'm wrong oh I dont want to be right
I kissed your sister last night
It ain't my fault
I guess your sister's my type

[Verse 3]
Sorry that it had to go like this way
But you know your sisters got what I need
Cuz I got to be with Lorraine
And I'm over you

Sorry that it had to go like this way
But you know your sisters got what I need
Cuz I got to be with Lorraine
And I'm over you (Over you)

[Bridge]
I wanted a piece of that forbidden fruit
But my homies said to stay away
But im 17 what you expect me to do
I guess we'll charge it as a part of the game

[Chorus]
If I'm wrong oh I dont want to be right
I kissed your sister last night
It ain't my fault
I guess your sister's my type

If I'm wrong oh I dont want to be right
I kissed your sister last night
It ain't my fault
I guess your sister's my type
Mommy just dry your eyes, mommy dont you cry
I know we've been through hard times and the struggles
And I just wanna tell you I love you

[Verse 1]
Only 15 put under pressure
First month 27th day
They took away my mother
I was left to be raised by my brother
Tought to be a hustla
Mommy gone gotta stick together
Stay strong through the stormy weather
Became a top seller, look how we stackin this chedder
When you jump mommy life would be better
Just like Rihanna you can stand under my umbrella

[Hook]
You know how to make me better
Even when we lose our chedder
Even through the stormy weather
You hold me down

[Chorus]
Mommy just dry your eyes, mommy dont you cry
I know we've been through hard times and the struggles
And I just wanna tell you I love you

[x2]

[Verse 2]
17 got a little money
Feelin kinda blue
Cause it's lookin you doin 10 to 20
Ridin bein broke ain't funny
It's all bein hungry
But ima keep hustlin for my mommy
Until I get rich like puffy
Never had a blamby
You said I can be all I can be
Some day Ima buy you miami
So when I win my Grammy
You commin cause I do this for my family

[Hook]
You know how to make me better
Even when we lose our chedder
Even through the stormy weather
You hold me down

[Chorus]
Mommy just dry your eyes, mommy dont you cry
I know we've been through hard times and the struggles
And I just wanna tell you I love you

[x2]

[Bridge]
17 now my mommys gone
Can't wait till she come back home
Missin her face like dust till dawn,while she went away
Never think it be this long
I feel like cryin while I'm writin this song
Can't wait till that day come on
When she leave the place

[Speaking]
Hey whats up mom,how you doin?
Its been about 2 years since I saw your face
I miss you like crazy
Know the money orders the pre paid costs
Bein on my own
No Knee Kurt Canino
But I love you though
This for you

[Hook]
You know how to make me better
Even when we lose our chedder
Even through the stormy weather
You hold me down

[Chorus]
Mommy just dry your eyes, mommy dont you cry
I know we've been through hard times and the struggles
And I just wanna tell you I love you

[x2]
(Chorus x2)
Will.i.am
Oh hot damn , this is my jam
Keep me partying till the A.M
Yall don't understand, make me throw my hands
In the ayer-ay-ayer, ayer-ay-ayer

Flo Rida
Hey this is my jam
Yall don't understand
I'll make you understand
What's pumpin in my CD player (player)
Party all night like yayer (yayer)
Shawty got her hands in the ayer (ayer)
Make me want to take it there
Then I go "here I go yea that's my song"
DJ bring it back come in my zone
I get paid for them couple bones
The next wop until the early morn
I need that crunk when I'm up in tha club
Even my Chevy that pull up on dubs
Give me that drop yellow waist like a drug
Lil mama hot and she might show me love
Oh hot damn celebrate to tha A.M
I love it so much it got me sayin
(Chorus x2)
Flo Rida
Hey I just might start the wave
Like I'm at a ball game do my thang
Hands up high got money in tha bank
I'm so fly 747 plane
Rock it no stop it how I got my name
Baby keep poppin you might get tha fame
Walk tha red carpet won't see you the same
I get tha stuntin forget my name
Start with me
Ride with me
Represent and vibe with me
Make me
Throw it up ma timid in tha club
Go ahead throw it up
Gotta wonder how much
To show enough to stare (stare)
I'm hood so its really unfair (unfair)
Shorty go ahead and get bare (bare)
We treat our city like the mayor (mayor)

(Chorus x2)
Will.i.am
Alright now stop (oooo)
Put your hands in the ayer
It's a stick (a stick up stick up) its a stick up touch the ceilin' baby
Put your hands up
Put your hands up
Put your, put your hands (Throw my hands in the)
Put your hands up to the sky (to the sky)
Wave em, wave em round and round, side to side (side to side)
It's the party shawty going touch the roof (touch the roof)
And we got em bottoms poppin' at my proof
So throw your hands in the ayer (ayer)
Touch the ceilin' baby
Fell it, feel it baby
Throw your hands up
Oh hot damn , this is my jam
Keep me partying till the A.M
Yall don't understand , make me throw my hands
In the ayer , ay , ayer , ayer , ay , ayer
(Throw your hands up)
You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down
You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down

Hey, walk out the house with my swagger
Hop in there with dough, I got places to go
People to see, time is precious
I look at my Cartier, outta control

Just like my mind where I'm goin'
No women, no shawties, no nothin' 'bout clothes
No stoppin' now, my Pirellis on roll
I like my jewelry, that's always on, whoa

I know the storm is comin'
My pockets keep tellin' me it's gonna shower
Call up my homies it's on
Then pop in the night 'cause this mix'll be ours

We keep a fade away shot 'cause we ballin'
It's Platinum Patrón every hour
Lil' mama, oh, you just like the flowers
Girl you the drink with all that goody power
You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down
You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down

From the top of the pole I watch her go down
She got me throwin' my money around
Ain't nothin' more beautiful to be found
It's goin' down down

From the top of the pole I watch her go down
She got me throwin' my money around
Ain't nothin' more beautiful to be found
It's goin' down down

Hey, shawty must know I'm the man
My money love her like a number one fan
Don't open my mouth, let her talk to my fans
My Benjamin Frank-a-lin's

A couple of grands, I got rubber bands
My paper planes makin' her dance
Get dirty all night, that's part of my (plan)
We buildin' castles that's made out of (sand)

She's amazin', fire blazin'
Hotter than cajun, girl won't you move a lil' closer
Time to get paid, it's maximum wage
That body belong on a poster
I'm in a daze, the bottom is wavin' at me
Like "Damn it, I know ya."
You wanna shoot like a gun outta holster
Tell me whatever and I'll be your gopher

You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down
You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down

From the top of the pole I watch her go down
She got me throwin' my money around
Ain't nothin' more beautiful to be found
It's goin' down down

From the top of the pole I watch her go down
She got me throwin' my money around
Ain't nothin' more beautiful to be found
It's goin' down down

Yeah, I'm spendin' my money
I'm out of control (hey)
Somebody help me (hey)
She takin' my bank roll

But I'm king of the club
And I'm wearin' the crown
Poppin' these bottles, touchin' these models
Watchin' they asses go down down
Down down down down down down down
You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down
You spin my head right round, right round
When you go down, when you go down down

You spin my head right round, right round (hey)
When you go down, when you go down down (hey)
You spin my head right round, right round (hey)
When you go down, when you go down down

[Intro]
This time, we going in
Gonna get get what, get wild
So grab somebody 'cause nobody going home tonight
Say round one's on me, everybody cheer it up
Say 5, 4, 2, 3, we're about to tear it up

[Verse 1]
Go back and forth, break it to the floor
Now ladies show your talent
Let me shake it left, where the fellas at?
Point her out if she the baddest
If you know like I know, something's goin' down tonight
And no, oh, oh, oh
Don't make me have to say it twice

[Chorus]
Oh, you in trouble, you about to get it
Head to my corner, come and let me fix it
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
Oh, you in trouble, you about to get it
Head to my corner, come and let me fix it
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down

[Verse 3]
This night's so interesting
Everybody falling out
If you looking good and you're feeling great
Then you should shout this out
Say ay ay ayo, everybody say it now
Say ay ay ayo, everybody say it loud

[Verse 3]
Go back and forth, break it to the floor
Now ladies show your talent
Let me shake it lleft, where the fellas at?
Point her out if she the baddest
If you know like I know, something's goin' down tonight
And no, oh, oh, oh
Don't make me have to say it twice

[Chorus]
Oh you in trouble, you about to get it
Head to my corner, come and let me fix it
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
Oh, you in trouble, you about to get it
Head to my corner, come and let me fix it
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down

[Bridge]
Up in the spot just floatin' around
I see lil mama them broking it down, all over the ground
Said the beat got them doing the bounce
Repeat, shorty ready to clown
Let loose, DJ killin 'em up in that booth
Love when a woman is shaking that goose
Must get enough to have an excuse to tear off the roof and not get the boot, oh no
What you mean to do right there?
Shorty got her hands in the air
She ain't seen none of them girls
(Shorty) Bring that ass over here

[Chorus]
Oh, you in trouble, you about to get it
Head to my corner, come and let me fix it
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
Oh, you in trouble, you about to get it
Head to my corner, come and let me fix it
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down
You broke broke broke it down, you broke broke it down

[Outro]
To the right, to the left, put some boogie in your step
You ain't with it then you might as well go home
Now all my dogs up in here, sexy ladies everywhere
You the truth, let 'em know who won the show
Let the music playin'
Let the beat goes until I forget
Got to keep on tripin'

Go to my love, first in
Do the dance...

Take me away!
Take me away!
You, I, don't you?
Take me away!

Take me away!
Take me away!
You, I, don't you?

Keep the tables turnin'
Let the beat came...
And my heart keeps beatin'

Take me away!
Take me away! Yeah...
I don't wanna be here
I wanna go far away
I'm gonna stay
But day after day for a long time
It's been a long time
It's been a long time, comin'
And we go...

Take me away!
Take me away!
You, I, don't you?

Take me away!
Take me away!

Take me away!
Take me away!
You, I, don't you?

Take me away!
Take me away!

Take me away!
Take me away!
You, I, don't you?
Take me away!
Take me away!

Take me away!
Take me away!
You, I, don't you?

Take me away!
Take me away!

I never wanna end this feelin'
No, no
I don't wanna let this felling end
I don't wanna let this felling end
Let this feelin' end
Let this feelin' end
Let this feelin' end
Let this feelin' end
...

Take me away!

[Intro]
Everytime, everytime
Everytime we touch, I feel it
I feel it

[Verse]
Everytime we touch
Emotions that I can't contain are sweeping over me again
Everytime we touch
Sensations I can not explain are washing all away my pain
Everytime we touch
A magic spring from deep inside comes into me like breathe of light
Everytime we touch, yeah
Something takes a hold of me
Everytime we touch, yeah

[Chorus]
Everytime we touch
Heaven and Earth collide, everything feels so right
Everytime we touch
This feeling takes over me, something takes over me
Everytime we touch (Yeah)
Heaven and Earth collide, everything feels so right
Everytime we touch
This feeling takes over me, something takes on to me

[Bridge]
Everytime we touch
Oh, yeah
Everytime you're near me, oh
And it feels so good inside, yeah

[Verse 2]
Everytime we touch
The secrets of my beating heart are breaking free out of the dark
Everytime we touch
All the things I can't express feel me with such happiness
Everytime we touch
All the changes that helped me father, broke and crumbling to the ground
Everytime we touch
Something takes a hold of me
Everytime we touch

[Chorus]
Everytime we touch
Heaven and Earth collide, everything feels so right
Everytime we touch
This feeling takes over me, something takes over me
Everytime we touch (yeah)
Heaven and Earth collide, everything feels so right
Everytime we touch
This feeling takes over me, something takes on to me

[Outro]
Everytime we touch
And I feel so good inside, yeah
And I feel it, so alive and
Everything that feels so right
And I feel it, so alive and
Everything that feels so right (yeah yeah)
(Feat. Wale)

Chorus:
I need it in that summer time or
Need in the way two time more

Need it in this way before
Get you ready to go ‘cause
I got shoot, you got that seasonal love
I need it in that summer time or
Need in the way two time or

Need it in this way before
Get you ready to go ‘cause
I got shoot, you got that seasonal love

Day right KOD
Should get off that D
Imma be right back
Pick her up in my new V
Girl you got that good good
I can’t even lie
I ain’t even trippin
Girl I know I am that guy
Girl don’t hold back
Bust all these racks
Show money no tax
Young girl just like that
Going for it up cause all I see is ..
You gonna see about me
And my girl stay so fly
Pre-Chorus:
She say dance and make her dance money make her go
When we pop the bottles and 20.000 thousand worse
She say dance and make her dance money make her go
But girl I ain’t trippin’ cause you got the seasonal love

Chorus:
I need it in that summer time or
Need in the way two time more

Need it in this way before
Get you ready to go ‘cause
I got shoot, you got that seasonal love
I need it in that summer time or
Need in the way two time or

Need it in this way before
Get you ready to go ‘cause
I got shoot, you got that seasonal love

(Wale:)
Look, couple feelings she caught up
Summer feelings now all I’m
I’m cold baby, I’m a winter
Spring out of your diamonds
Rain down of your lower
Cause I’m up down like I’m hold up
I could be in love with your life
Or I could shoot you like I don’t know you
.. don’t really understand
Just say I can goes you rap, don’t really need no hand cup
Cause she won’t quit a .. zip with no frontin’
Don’t mean to bed a borrow but I got it all somethin’
Pre-Chorus:
She say dance and make her dance money make her go
When we pop the bottles and 20.000 thousand worse
She say dance and make her dance money make her go
But girl I ain’t trippin’ cause you got the seasonal love

(Chorus:)
Damn girl do you really understand that you
You got that seasonal love
Damn girl do you really understand that you
You got that seasonal love
Damn girl do you really understand that you
You got that seasonal love
Damn girl do you really understand that you
You got that seasonal love

(Pre-Chorus:)

(Chorus:)
Thanks to garbo for correcting these lyrics

[feat. Layza]

(Intro)(Layza)

One step two step killing sum breh (breh)
I'm known to kill mans then move somewhere
Man looks at me and he's in for a scare (scare)
Bust out the chorus and pass me the chair

(Chorus)(Kano)
If you think I'm hot... Show me your tits
I will pick a gyal then take her to the ritz
We fuck all night then make sum kids
Then back to the studio to make sum hits

[x2]

(Layza)
So look, how come I'm in top notch
And you're out on the streets trying to kotch
I don't mean to offend thee but it's just my turn
Let me spit my lyrics and watch you burn
Yeh Mr ka to tha no... And layza...
Sounds of the Carpenders Park or perhaps the Watford?
Nahhhh
(Kano)
Watch out for the album on it's way
I believe in the wonder
I believe this new life took in
Like a God that I'm under
There's drugs running through my veins
I believe in the wonder
I believe I can touch the flame
There's a spell that I'm under
Got to fly, I don't feel no shame

The world is mine
The world is mine
The world is mine
The world is mine

Take a look what you've started
In the world flashing from your eyes
And you know that you've got it
From the thunder you feel inside
I believe in a feeling
Of the pain that you left to die
I believe in the livin'
In life that you give to try
The world is mine
The world is mine
The world is mine
The world is mine
Mine
Mine
The world is mine

I've lost my fear to what appears
I do my best
The world is mine
You take the price and realize
That's in your eyes
The world is mine
I've lost my fear to what appears
I do my best
The world is mine
You take the price and realize
That's in your eyes
The world is mine

The world is mine
The world is mine

[Verse 1]
It's complicated
It always is
That's just the way it goes
Feels like I've waited so long for this
I wonder if it shows

[Pre-Chorus]
Head underwater
Now I can't breathe
It never felt so good
'Cause I can feel it coming over me
I wouldn't stop it if I could

[Chorus]
When love takes over, yeah
You know you can’t deny
When love takes over, yeah
'Cause something's here tonight

[Verse 2]
Give me a reason
I gotta know
Do you feel it too?
Can't you see me here on overload?
And this time, I blame you, mmm

[Pre-Chorus]
Lookin' out for you to hold my hand
It feels like I could fall
Now love me right like I know you can
We could lose it all

[Chorus]
When love takes over, yeah
You know you can’t deny
When love takes over, yeah
'Cause something’s here tonight

[Post-Chorus]
Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight
Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight
Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight
Tonight, tonight, tonight, tonight
Tonight, I-I, I'll be loving you all the time, it's true
'Cause I-I, I'll wanna make it right, with you

[Bridge]
When love takes over
When love takes over
When love takes over
When love takes over
When love takes over
When love takes over
When love takes over
Over, over, over, over, over
Over, over, over, over, over

[Outro]
When love takes over, yeah
You know you can’t deny
When love takes over, yeah
'Cause something’s here tonight

[Chorus: Chris Willis]
Just a little more love
Just a little more peace
It's all it takes to live a dream
Walk hand in hand
Gotta understand
And one day soon
We'll live in harmony
Just a little more love
Just a little more peace
It's all it takes to live a dream
Walk hand in hand
Gotta understand
And one day soon
We'll live in harmony

[Instrumental: David Guetta]

[Chorus: Chris Willis]
Just a little more love
Just a little more peace
It's all it takes to live a dream
Walk hand in hand
Gotta understand
And one day soon
We'll live in harmony
Just a little more love
Just a little more peace
It's all it takes to live a dream
Walk hand in hand
Gotta understand
And one day soon
We'll live in harmony

[Break: Chris Willis]
Just a little more love
Just a little more peace
It's all it takes to live a dream
Walk hand in hand
Gotta understand
And one day soon
We'll live in harmony
Just a little more love
Just a little more peace
It's all it takes to live a dream
Walk hand in hand
Gotta understand
And one day soon
We'll live in harmony

[Bridge: Chris Willis]
Just a little more love, just a little more love
Just a little more love, just a little more love
Just a little more love, just a little more love
Just a little more love, just a little more love

[Outro: Chris Willis]
Just a little more love (A dream), just a little more love (A dream)
Just a little more love (A dream), just a little more love (A dream)
Just a little more love (A dream), just a little more love (A dream)
Just a little more love (A dream), just a little more love
Just a little more love
You keep me crying all the time
I have to say that you
Keep me crying all the time

Well, I tried to play my music
But my music was too loud
Well, I pleased all the people
But I couldn`t please the crowd

And I dropped down on my knees
And said, hey, mama
Won`t you clear my head
Don`t you know they
Keep me crying all the time

They keep me crying all the time
Oh, Lord, don`t you know they
They keep me moaning all the time
They keep me burning all the time

Well, I tried
To run my business
But they said I can`t
Just keep it to myself
Not bothering any man
Just as sure as I try
Cause my tears in my eye
Don`t you know they
Keep me crying all the time

They keep me crying all the time
Friends knocking in my door
They keep me crying
Somebody calling on the phone and
They keep me crying...

[Intro]
This is what I believe

[Verse 1]
Been so long since I met you
And all the changes we've been through
And all this time I can't forget you
Everywhere I turn I think of you
I wanna trust you, baby
And you, you're all I need

[Chorus]
Soul to soul, fire to fire
Nothing's like this man's desire
Love is a beautiful thing
One to one, you and me
Maybe it's our destiny
'Cause love is a beautiful thing
It's so beautiful, beautiful

[Verse 2]
Love is such a sweet emotion
I want to share it all with you
Your trust and endless devotion
There ain't nothing in this world we can't do
Oh, tonight, I want to thank, thank you, baby
And you make my life complete

[Chorus]
Soul to soul, fire to fire
Nothing's like this man's desire
Love is a beautiful thing
One to one, you and me
Maybe it's our destiny
Love is a beautiful thing
It's so beautiful, beautiful

[Bridge]
Somebody raise your hand now (Beautiful, beautiful)
Oh, I know, I know, I know (Beautiful, beautiful)

And I, I wanna touch you, baby
And you, you're all I need

[Chorus]
Soul to soul, fire to fire
Nothing's like this man's desire
Love is a beautiful thing
One to one, you and me
Oh, I know it's our destiny
'Cause love is a beautiful thing
It's so beautiful, beautiful
Stay together through thick and thin
Now I know I've got a friend
'Cause love is a beautiful thing
Face our fears all through the years
Now I know there are no more tears
Love's is a beautiful thing
Soul to soul, fire to fire
Nothing's like this man's desire
'Cause love is a beautiful thing

[Outro]
Oh, you and me
Oh, I know it's our destiny
Love is a beautiful thing
It's so beautiful thing, it's a beautiful thing
Love is a beautiful thing
Yeah, oh oh
Love is a beautiful thing

It's so beautiful, beautiful
You're so beautiful
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
Beautiful beautiful, beautiful, so beautiful
Let's stay together, let's stay together
'Cause I'm still in love with you
Hold me, hold me for the good times
I'm tired of being alone
Here I am
Beautiful, beautiful, it's a beautiful thing
Don't let nobody change your mind
It's a beautiful thing

[Intro: Alicia Keys and Beyoncé]
Hey yo, B
What up, A?
What we want?
Want them to say

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put it in a love song (Put it in a love song)
Say you need me, say you need me
Then write it in a letter form (Oh, oh-oh)
Say you want me, say you want me
Then text me on a cell phone (Text me on my cell phone)
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put me in a love song (Oh)

[Verse 1: Alicia Keys]
If you say you want me, yeah
You say you want me
If you do the right thing, we can be together
I'm not easy, yeah, you gotta work for it
I'm the real thing and babe, you gotta please me
All that talk, and boy, you better walk it
All that front and that's not how you do it
If you really need me like you say you need me
Baby, better show me, baby, better come and say

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put it in a love song (Put it in a love song)
Say you need me, say you need me
Then write it in a letter form (Oh, oh-oh)
Say you want me, say you want me
Then text me on a cell phone (Text me on my cell phone)
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put me in a love song (Oh)

[Verse 2: Beyoncé]
What you gonna do when somebody convinces
Me to believe that he can do it better?
Send me gifts and showin' me the romance
All this-this and that, can you do better?
All I'm saying love is what I'm looking for
If you wanna keep me, baby, gotta love me more
If you really want me, like you say you want me
If you really need me, baby, better come and say

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put it in a love song (Put it in a love song)
Say you need me, say you need me
Then write it in a letter form (Oh, oh-oh)
Say you want me, say you want me
Then text me on a cell phone (Text me on my cell phone)
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put me in a love song (Oh)

[Bridge: Alicia Keys & Beyoncé]
Gotta work it, baby, work it out
If you want me, baby, work it out
If you need me, baby, work it out
Gotta work it out, gotta work it out
If you love me, baby, work it out
Gotta work it, baby, work it out
If you want me, baby, work it out
Gotta work it out, gotta work it out (Say)

[Verse 3: Alicia Keys & Beyoncé, Both]
If you want my love and all of my time
Part of my plans and part of my mind
All of the things that you wanna do
But make sure your love for me's true to you
Oh, if you show me, baby, believe
So many possibilities
Oh, we can look to infinity
If you wanna be with me
Oh...

[Chorus: Alicia Keys]
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put it in a love song (Put it in a love song)
Say you need me, say you need me
Then write it in a letter form (Oh, oh-oh)
Say you want me, say you want me
Then text me on a cell phone (Text me on my cell phone)
Say you love me, say you love me
Then put me in a love song
One, two, three

[Outro: Alicia Keys & Beyoncé]
Gotta work it, baby, work it out
If you want me, baby, work it out
If you need me, baby, work it out
Gotta work it out, gotta work it out
If you love me, baby, work it out
Gotta work it, baby, work it out
If you want me, baby, work it out
Gotta work it out, gotta work it out
Sing!

[Verse 1]
Look at the morning sun, shining so brightly
Love is in the air, I don't care
Look at the smiling faces
Makes me know that no one can take your place
(Your place), your place, (Your place), your place

[Chorus]
Love is the morning sun, shining so brightly
It's me that's missing your love, now
(Your love, your love, ooh, ooh)

[Verse 2]
All the skies are gray, now messing up my day
I'd never leave you in this way, oh, no, no, never, never
Throwing up my hands, not being a man
Don't you know that's not going to pay?
Hey hey

[Chorus]
Love is the morning sun, shining so brightly
It's me that's missing your love, now
(Your love, your love)

[Outro]
I'm tired of being alone, bye
Still in love with you, now
Let's stay together, together
The first time I kissed your lips, baby
The first time I held you in my arms, hold you, baby
I felt like I could make music, music to dance by
I can make music that won't let you cry

I can make music, music that make you move your feet
I can make music, oh, so complete
I can make music, hey, hey, say you're proud
I can make music, hey, understand

Music you can dance off the wall
Music, all big and small
One more time, now listen here

First time I wanted you, I really wanted you to hold me
Reach out for you sincerely, baby, oh yeah
I felt that I could make music, felt like to me I'll make you shout
I can make music, yeah, hey, what's it all about?

Music dance off the wall
I can make music
Rather neat and small
Hey, music runs right through your soul
Music, music, better take control
Music, music, touch your heart
Music, music, tell me, tell me what's it all about?

Music, I like to eat
I've been given to you pretty good, yeah, oh yeah
I got another music for me, oh yeah
I got another music for you, oh yeah

Sometimes I think I wanna
Sometimes it makes me wanna
My I wanna, music
Anybody hear me feeling music, music

I need somebody here to play a little music
Come on, music, come on, music
Come on everybody now, music
(Incomprehensible), music
Baby, never leave you alone, music

Come on, come on, come on, music
Come on, come on, come on, music
Come on, come on, come on, music

[Verse 1]
Rememberin' the days when our love began
Thinkin' of a million ways
To escape and be with you
But reality wasn't just you and I
It was long drawn out days and lonely nights

[Pre-Chorus]
Dream about you
I keep dreamin' 'bout you
When I'm dreamin' 'bout when you would say

[Chorus]
Let me take you to another place
Where nothing ever seems to matter
It's just you and me
We can take flight like a thief in the night
Stolen moments with you (oooo)

[Verse 2]
Destiny didn't have such a simple plan (simple plan)
I was just a girl and you a young man
How could age define
Something so divine (so divine)
Can this even be real or just exist in my mind

[Pre-Chorus]
Dreamin' 'bout you
I keep dreamin' 'bout you
When I'm dreamin' 'bout when you would say

[Chorus]
Let me take you to another place
Where nothing ever seems to matter
It's just you and me
We can take flight like a thief in the night
Stolen moments with you (oooo)

[Instrumental]

[Pre-Chorus]
Dreamin' 'bout you
I keep dreamin' 'bout you
When I'm dreamin' and waitin' for the day
When no one and nothing else takes up our time
Finally you're only mine

[Bridge]
Each and everyday
I don't walk with you right by my side
But instead we have to hide
Sneak around and lie
Just to spend time alone
This lovin' is a crime
I'd rather do the time
And leave the world behind

[Chorus]
Let me take you to another place
Where nothin' ever seems to matter
It's just you and me
We can take flight like a thief in the night
Stolen moments with you (oooo)

[Instrumental]

[Outro]
Let's get away
Let's get away
Ohh
We can get away
We can get away
Ohh
Let's get away
Let's get away
Ohh
We can get away
We can get away
Ohhh

[Intro]
Let's do it, baby, let's do it, baby
Let's do it, do it

[Verse 1]
Even if you were a million miles away
I could still feel you in my bed
Near me, touch me, feel me
And even at the bottom of the sea
I could still hear inside my head
Tellin' me, touch me, feel me

[Pre-Chorus]
And all the time, you were tellin' me lies

[Chorus]
So tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you
Tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you
I'm gonna hold on to the times that we had tonight
I'm gonna find a way to make it without you

[Post-Chorus]
Have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart?
Well, you could try sleeping in my bed

[Verse 2]
Lonely, only nobody ever shut it down like you
You wore the crown
You made my body feel heaven bound
Why don't you hold me?
Near me, I thought you told me
You'd never leave me
Looking in the sky, I could see your face
And I know right where I fit in
Take me, make me, you know that I'll always be in love
With you
Right 'til the end
Oh

[Chorus]
So tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you
Tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you
I'm gonna hold on to the times that we had tonight
I'm gonna find a way to make it without you

[Bridge]
Anybody could've told you right from the start
It's 'bout to fall apart
So rather than hold on to a broken dream
Or just hold on to love
And I could find a way to make it
Don't hold on too tight
I'll make it without you tonight

[Chorus]
So tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you
Tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you
I'm gonna hold on to the times that we had tonight
I'm gonna find a way to make it without you

[Outro]
Oh, Lord
Have you ever tried sleepin' with a
Without my love
Have you ever tried, have you ever tried?

[Verse 1]
Something got a hold on me
Something got a hold on me
Whatever it is
I can't leave it, oh no, no no no
Something is bothering me, something
Something, hey, hey, kinda worrying me, yeah, yeah, yeah
Whatever it is
I can't leave it, oh no, no no no, ooh

[Verse 2]
Something in that cloud in the sky
Oh, something
Do you feel it passing by?
Ooh, whatever it is

[Outro]
Makes me wonder why
Sometimes I sit here and wonder why
Makes me wonder
Birds that fly in the sky
Wonder, they wonder why
Every day, seasons passing by makes me
I wonder why
Sometime in the evening it makes me sad

[Verse 1]
If you think the sky is fallin'
You're comin' undone
All the pieces crumble
You're on the run
All of the wrong you've taken
All of the rules you're breakin'
Don't 'cha know the silent truth is
It comes back to you

[Chorus]
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue
Can't you see the sun is breaking through?
Have a little faith in you
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue?

[Verse 2]
Every time you walk out that door
Cursing the sky
Feelin' like you've been cheated
Ripped from inside

[Chorus]
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue
Can't you see the sun is breaking through?
Have a little faith in you
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue?
Come on, mmm
Mmm, yeah
Hey, now
Na na na na na na na na...

[Chorus]
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue
Have a, have a little faith in you
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue
Hey!
Don't 'cha know the sky is blue
Come on, the sky is blue
Said, sky, sky
I'm telling you the sky is blue
Believe it, woo-hoo
Don't 'cha know the sky, sky, sky, sky
Hey, hey...
Na-na-na-na-na...
Yeah
Come on
Uh

Oh baby so fine
You got me on the line
On your beautiful scheme
Sexy seventeen
Honey you so shy
Baby you?re so young
I know you wanna try
Games with my tongue

Prettiest I?ve seen
I know you wanna do it
On an on an on
Sexy seventeen

Girl you got me going
Know that you gotta do it
Before the break o?dawn
Sexy seventeen
Good girl

I getcha con-fused
I betcha gone use
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen
I getcha con-fused
I betcha gone use
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen

You've been trippin all day long
Now I know the time has come
Now girl I got you inside out
Hopin the neighbours wanna hear

Ah! Scream an shout

I getcha con-fused (come on)
I betcha gone use (got to do)
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen (sexy seventeen)
I getcha conf-used (baby you're so neat)
I betcha gone use (baby you're so young)
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen (sexy)
Gonna get ma
Huh
In the wheel of a special time (time)
An you chest
With you breathe
Uh
An your lips an we're fine

*instrumental*

I getcha conf-used
I betcha gone use
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen (come on)
I getcha conf-used
I betcha gone use
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen

Come on be happy
(be happy sister)
Touch my soul
(touch my very soul)
Sweet lil sister
(sweet lil sister)
You're gonna have a ball
(we're gonna have the time of ours)
Baby you're young
(so young)
You really don't know
(you really don't know)
Gotta teach you good
(gotta teach you good)
How deep can you go?
Good god

I getcha conf-used
I betcha gone use
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen
I getcha conf-used
I betcha gone use
Are you gonna do it do it
Sexy seventeen

Sexy sexy

[Verse 1]
I'm a woman
Lord knows it's hard
I need a real man
To give me what I need, uh
Sweet attention
Love and tenderness
When it's real, it's unconditional
I'm tellin' y'all

[Chorus]
'Cause a man just ain't a man if he ain't man enough
To love you when you're right
Love you when you're wrong
Love you when you're weak
Love you when you're strong
Take you higher
When the world got you feelin' low
He's givin you his last
'Cause he's thinkin' of you first
Givin' comfort when he's thinkin' that you're hurt
That's what's done when you really love someone
I'm tellin' y'all, I'm tellin' y'all

[Verse 2]
'Cause you're a real man
And Lord knows it's hard
Sometimes you just need a woman's touch
Sweet affection
Love and support
When it's real, it's unconditional
I'm tellin' y'all

[Chorus]
Oh, 'cause a woman ain't a woman if she ain't woman enough
To love you when you're right
Love you when you're wrong
Love you when you're weak
Love you when you're strong
Take you higher, oh
When the world got you feelin' low
She's givin' you her best
Even when you're at your worst
Givin' comfort when she's thinkin' that you're hurt
That's what's done when you really love someone
I'm tellin' y'all, I'm tellin' y'all

[Bridge]
Sometimes you wanna argue, sometimes you wanna fight
Sometimes it's gonna feel like it'll never be right
But something so strong keeps you holding on
It don't make sense, but it make a good song

[Chorus]
'Cause a man just ain't a man if he ain't man enough
To love you when you're right
Love you when you're wrong
Love you when you're weak
Love you when you're strong (Love you when you're strong)
Take you higher
When the world got you feelin' low
He's givin' you his last
'Cause he's thinkin' of you first
Givin' comfort when he's thinkin' that you're hurt
Oh, that's what's done when you really love someone
I'm tellin' y'all, I'm tellin' y'all

[Chorus]
I'm tellin' y'all that a woman ain't a woman
If she ain't woman enough
To love you when you're right
Love you when you're wrong
Love you when you're weak
Love you when you're strong
Take you higher (And higher)
When the world got you feelin' low
She's givin' you her best
Even when you're at your worst
Givin' comfort when she's thinkin' that you're hurt
That's what's done when you really love someone
I'm tellin' y'all, I'm tellin' y'all

[Outro]
Hmm, hmm, yeah
Hmm, hmm, yeah
Hmm, hmm, yeah
Hmm, hmm, yeah
Hmm,  hmm, yeah
I was just a little boy
Why, my momma said to me
Son, you want to grow up strong
You gotta know what you believe
You're gonna find out one day
There's only two ways you can go
And when you get down
To the end of the line
There's somebody you need to know
She was telling me all about Jesus
And how He died to set me free
He arose from the dead
For a Memphis boy like me

Chorus:
I can feel it
From the sole of my feet
To the crown of my head
I felt it from the day I was born
I know my God ain't dead
He wakes me up early in the morning
And keeps me late at night
Choose to run away from the darkness
And start to walk in the light
He's the Alpha and Omega
He's the beginning and the end
He's the only one of the people
That I can really
Really call a friend
He's the first and the last
Ah you know the Word is true
If you want anything from my Lord
You know what you've got to do

She was telling me all about Jesus
And how He died to set me free
He arose from the dead
For a Memphis boy like me

I can feel if from the crown of my head
To the sole of my feet
How He threw up both of His hands
For the people that believe

It wasn't done in a corner
But high up on a hill
You gotta give it all you've got
People you know the deal

I can feel it from the crown of my head
To the sole of my feet
I have felt it from the day I was born
I know my God ain't dead
He wakes me up early in the morning
And keeps me late at night

[Verse 1]
Drive on
Until I get there
I think i’ll drive on
Until I get there

[Pre-Chorus]
'Cause I'm a ram, yes I am
And I know just what to do
Think I’ll drive on
And try to get next to you

[Chorus]
Hey baby
‘Cause I'm a ram
Bet your life, I do
‘Cause I'm a ram now
And I wanna get next to you
Oh baby
Yeah
Ooh

[Verse 2]
Drive on
Until I get there
I think I'll drive on
Until I get there

[Pre-Chorus]
Let me say, 'cause I'm a ram, yes I am
And I'm as stubborn as I can be
I'm a ram, yes I am
Now try to get next to me

[Chorus]
Hey, I'm a ram, yeah
You bet your life you do
I'm a ram now
Wanna get next to you

[Verse 3]
Drive on
Until I get there
I think I'll drive on
Until I get there

[Pre-Chorus]
I'm a ram out in the bush
And he needs to be free
Won't somebody please
Come and see about me?

[Chorus]
Hey, 'cause I'm a ram now
Bet your life i do
'Cause I'm a ram now
Wanna get next to you!

[Outro]
Oh thank you
Right now
Yeah
My my my

Hey
Drive on
'Cause I'm a ram
Drive on
I want you to
Drive on
Hey
Gotta, gotta keep on driving
I'm as selfish as I can be
I'm a ram now
Try to get next to me
Baby
Oh my my
Oh, oh my my my my my

[Verse 1]
First scene opened with the vision
Of a woman in a chair up in a bedroom
What she doing there?
She is thinking of a man and the man just could be you
Write him in a script on a business trip out of town
Far, but he wish he was near
Does she really want him?
Gotta have him, burning desire
All she wanna say is, 'Listen, my dear, gotta tell ya...'

[Chorus]
I can't wait to see you, see, I need my lover man
Don't you worry about it, baby, I don't need no other man
We could be the dream that we always dreamed, darling
Let's turn up the heat until the water boils over
I can't wait to see you, see, I need my lover man

[Verse 2]
Second scene opens with a woman at the desk
Of a job looking at her timepiece (Oh yeah)
'Cause there is a flight coming in the night
Carrying the man that she's dying to see (Oh yeah)
He's getting attacked in the second act
By a lady that's been missing him bad
She's longing to see him, gotta have him, really need him
He's the kind of lover she never had
Gotta tell him...

[Chorus]
I can't wait to see you, see, I need my lover man
Don't you worry about it, baby, I don't need no other man
We could be the dream that we always dreamed, darling
Let's turn up the heat until the water boils over
I can't wait to see you, see, I need my lover man

[Piano Solo]

[Verse]
Drop it
Yeah, yeah
Come in for a minute, huh
Welcome back
It's just me and you in this room right now
There's so many things that are on my mind
Uh, yeah, uh
Sometimes that's hard to say
That's why I take all I've got
That's why I take all I have
And I put it into this
Put it right here in my diary
Can you feel it?
Uh, uh, uh
Take this journey with me

[Verse 1]
Beautiful garden, where have you gone?
My self-delusions are leaving me in the storm
Taking for granted all the goodness that I've found
Somewhere I lost all, the control came crashing down

[Chorus]
And I pray for forgiveness
Look for the answers
'Cause it's hard for me to pretend
Look to my mother, call to the captain
Can't you see this state that I'm in?
And no one would know this, nobody noticed
'Cause it's me where it begins

[Verse 2]
Beautiful morning, please don't wake me from my sleep
'Cause I need some comfort to regain my sanity
And I don't wanna feel this crazy
I don't wanna feel discarded
Shattered into million pieces
I'm so brokenhearted
Nowhere left to run
Nowhere left to go
So I hope

[Chorus]
I pray for forgiveness
Look for the answers
'Cause it's hard for me to pretend
Look to my mother, call to the captain
Can't you see this state that I'm in?
And no one would know this, nobody noticed
That it's me where it begins
And I pray for forgiveness within

[Bridge]
I swear that every day I feel like my mind is haunting me
I think of every little stupid mistake that has been made
This time, I don't have the strength to gather myself
And I'm falling to pieces

[Chorus]
And I pray for forgiveness
Look for the answers
'Cause it's hard for me to pretend
Look to my mother, call to the captain
Can't you see this state that I'm in?
I pray for forgiveness (Pray for forgiveness)
Looking for justice (Looking for justice)
Searching for answers (Searching for answers)
Call to my mother
Pray for forgiveness (Pray for forgiveness)
Breaking the silence
And nobody knows this, nobody noticed
That it's me where it begins
O Lord my God! When I in awesome wonder
Consider all the worlds thy hands have made
I see the stars, I hear the rolling thunder
Thy pow'r throughout the universe displayed

Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great thou art, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great thou art, how great Thou art!

When through the woods and forest glades I wonder
And hear the birds sing sweetly in the trees;
When I look down from lofty mountain grandeur
And hear the brook and feel the gentle breeze;

Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great thou art, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great thou art, how great Thou art!

And when I think that God, his Son not sparing
Sent him to die, I scarce can take it in;
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing
He bled and died to take away my sin
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great thou art, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great thou art, how great Thou art!

When Christ shall come with shout of acclamation
And take me home, what joy shall fill my heart
Then I shall bow in humble adoration
And there proclaim, my God, how great Thou art!

Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great You are, how great Thou art!
Then sings my soul, my Savior God to thee
How great You are, how great Thou art!
Standing on the edge of the world
I'm looking for you, baby, yeah
I've keep looking at the sun
But it's rainin' in my heart

I don't know when life begins
I sure don't know when life might end, oh baby
I've keep looking at the sun
But it's rainin' in my heart, oh baby
(Rainin', rainin' in my heart)

Even though what's said or done
My love for you is eternal one
But how can I say bye with a love so deep
It seems like it's rainin' all over me

I can't understand for the love of me
Why can't it be like it used to be
Stop the rain, stop the rain
Rainin' in my heart
Seems like it was only yesterday
We're so in love, so in love just pays
I've keep looking at the sun
Somehow it keeps rainin' in my heart
Keep rainin', keep rainin', keep rainin'

Even though what's said or done
My love for you is an eternal one
But how can I say bye with a love so deep
I keep praying and it keeps rainin'

Somebody stop the rain
Yeah, now somebody stop the rain, rain, yeah
Somebody to see me
Somebody stop the rain, oh yeah

'Cause it seems like, seems like
Seems like it's gonna keep rainin'
It keeps on rainin', it keeps on rainin'
Keeps on rainin'
Keeps on rainin', keeps on rainin'

And how can I say bye

[Intro]
Butterflies, butterflies
Mhm
Mhm-mm

[Verse 1]
Lately when I look into your eyes
I realize you're the only one I need in my life
Baby, I just don't know how to describe
How lovely you make me feel inside

[Chorus]
You give me butterflies, got me flying so high in the sky
I can't control the butterflies
You give me butterflies, got me flying so high in the sky
I can't control the butterflies

[Verse 2]
It seemed like the likely thing
From the start you told me I would be your queen
Never had I imagined such a feeling
Joy is what you bring, I want to give you everything

[Chorus]
You give me butterflies, got me flying so high in the sky
I can't control the butterflies
You give me butterflies, got me flying so high in the sky
I can't control the butterflies

[Bridge]
You and I are destiny
I know now you were made for me
Oh, ooh, I can't control it
It's driving me, taking over me and I—

[Chorus]
You give me butterflies (Butterflies), got me flying so high in the sky (Butterflies)
I can't control, I can't control it (Butterflies)
You give me butterflies (Butterflies), got me flying so high in the sky (Butterflies)
I can't control the butterflies, oh, oh no, oh no (Butterflies)

[Outro]
You give me something I just can't deny (Got me flyin' so high in the sky), something that's so real
I just can't control the way I feel inside of me (I can't control the butterflies, oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no)
You give me something I just can't deny (Butterflies), something that's so real (Got me flyin' so high in the sky)
I just can't control the way I feel (Oh, I've never felt like this)

[Verse 1]
I guess there's no good reason, for livin'
But I'll keep on livin' for you, baby
There's nothing else to do, babe
But spend my life holding and lovin' you
Oh

[Verse 2]
If I ask you more than one million times to forgive me
You think of a reason why
That you should make me cry (Don't make me cry, baby)
Walk out and say goodbye away from me
Oh, hey

[Bridge]
I'm tired of the bright ideas about leavin' me
When you know you're not goin' nowhere but here with me
Here with me

[Verse 3]
Let me tell you one thing
Stop and think of just how good I've been to you baby, please
I'm not causin' no trouble for you baby
This story just can't be true, baby (Just can't be true, baby)
How can I convince you, baby
But just tell you the truth

[Chorus]
I'm livin' for you, givin' for you, waitin' for you
(Lemme tell you what I'm doin')
I'm layin' for you, prayin' for you, workin' for you
(Livin' my life, I tell you that)
I'm livin' for you, givin' for you, givin' for you
(Oh, my, my, my)
Layin' for you, prayin' for you, workin' for you
(Everything I do, everything I do I still)
Do with you (Something to) do with you
Do with you
That's why I keep on saying, livin' for you, workin' for you ...
Sometimes when I cry, I cry for you, baby
Sometimes well, I know, I'm over you, baby
Sometimes when I try so hard to bear
Well, I'll do my very best all the time
Do my very best all the time

Sometimes when I smile, hey, hey, I smile for you, baby
Sometimes when I'm down, I'm down for you, baby
Sometimes when I cry, so hard to bear
Well, I'll do my very best, try to save the rest all the time, oh yeah
Do my very best all the time

Oh, I know, I know I'll do my very best all the time, yeah
I'll do my very best all the time
Oh, I'll do my very best, do my very best
Do my very best, all the time

Do my very best
Do my very best
Do my very best all the time
Do my very best
Do my very best
Come on, come on, yeah
Come on, come on, now, now, now
Oh, yeah

I'll do my very best, every time
Every time, every time I
Do my very best
Try to save the rest
Do my very best
All the time

Do my very best
Try to save the rest
Do my very best
All the time

Do my very best
Clap your hands everybody
Clap your hands
Come on, keep it going
Clap your hands everybody
Clap your hands everybody
Clap your hand
Lets do it ,you ready?
Come on

We could fight like Ike and Tina
Or give back like Bill and Camille
Be rich like Oprah and Steadman
Or instead struggle like Flow and James Evans
Cuz he ain't no different from you
And she ain't no different from me
So we got to live out our dreams
Like the people on TV

We gotta stay tuned
Cuz there's more to see (Unbreakable)
Through the technical difficulties (Unbreakable)
We might have to take a break
But ya'll know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable
Oh yeah yeah...
Yeah, clap your hands everybody
Clap your hands everybody
Lets do it like this, come on

See, we could act out like Will and Jada(Will and Jada)
Or like Kimora and Russell makin' paper, oh yeah
All in the family like the Jacksons(like the Jacksons)
And have enough kids to make a band like Joe and Catherine, yeah

She ain't no different from me
And he ain't no different from you
So we got to live out our dreams
Like the people on TV

We gotta stay tuned
Cuz there's more to see (Unbreakable)
Through the technical difficulties (Unbreakable)
We might have to take a break
But ya'll know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable

We're living our dreams...yeah...
We're living our dreams
We're living our dreams
We're living our dreeeeeeeeeeeeams
(ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhh)
We're living our dreams(We're living our dreams)
We're living our dreams(We're living our dreams)
We're living our dreeeeeeeeeeeeams
(oooooooohhhhhhh oohhh yeah yeah)
And we got to stay tuned
Cuz there's more to see (Unbreakable)
Through the technical difficulties (Unbreakable)
We might have to take a break
But ya'll know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable
Sing it one more time now
Ya'll know we'll be breaking up
But we just might be back next week
This love is unbreakable(ha,ha,ha,yeah,yeah)
Break it down, break it down like this
Yeah...

No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
No thing, no money, no sin, no temptation, talking 'bout nothing
Yeeeeeeaaaaahhh.......
(Unbreakable)
Yeah, yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah,yeah
(Unbreakable)
We just might be breaking up
But ya'll know we'll be back next week
I'm singing this love is unbreakable

[Verse 1]
Open your eyes so you can see
Little girl, that you hurt me, yeah
Talking foolishly about lies
Never really knowing the reason why
Hey, hey

[Chorus]
How much did they cost? I don't know
But that's the price you'll have to pay
You see, what I feel is real
You want me to stay, I will
You've been loving me for years, baby, yeah
Ah, talking 'bout loving you
Hey, one of these good old days
Talking 'bout loving you

[Verse 2]
Time and time again, I wanted you to be my friend (My friend)
I'm gonna love you, 'til the end, baby (Baby)
Here's something else, little girl
Deep down inside (Down inside)
Oh, you know you caught me by surprise (Yeah)
Now I finally opened my eyes, baby
Hey, hey, yeah

[Chorus]
How much did they cost? I don't know
But that's the price you'll have to pay
Yeah, listen here
Hey, talking 'bout loving you
You haven't seen anything, girl (Yeah, baby)
One of these good old days
(One of these good old days)
After I get myself together, baby
